===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-11 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Katie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answers period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Small: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2025. Before I turn it over to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I'll be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. We've built BlackRock's platform to help clients in all market environments. Even against a sharp change in markets and uncertainty in fiscal and monetary policy, our strategy to anchor our business and structural growth engines like private markets, ETFs, digital assets, whole portfolio solutions, systematic and tax managed strategies and technology, that strategy helped again deliver above target 6% organic base fee growth. That's alongside double-digit growth across the board in revenue, operating income and earnings per share and with 100 basis points of margin expansion in the first quarter of 2025. The first quarter demonstrates the benefits of our investments to make the BlackRock platform more all weather across asset management and technology, integrating public and private for clients and shareholders. Our platform is showing its ability to be more resilient and deliver higher and more consistent organic growth through market cycles. We're a partner with both long-term perspective and ability to move quickly in times of stress. We've been through times of economic and market disruption before during the financial crisis, COVID and in 2022. So more than ever, it's important that we continue our successful track record of being strongly connected to our clients, policymakers and employees locally in all the markets in which we operate. We don't think of ourselves as a U.S. firm with international offices. We're a European firm. We're a Canadian firm. We're a Middle Eastern firm. We aspire to be the best partner to our clients. We work to help governments and clients understand markets and complex questions at the intersection of investor portfolios and geopolitics. We lead with empathy and trusted advice. These periods of uncertainty with major market resets, they're often catalysts for client changes to asset allocation and portfolio construction. Benefiting from our breadth, BlackRock has a track record of share gains when there's money in motion. We historically did that as a public markets focused firm. Now with money in motion again, BlackRock is better positioned to serve our clients and grow with leading capabilities that integrate public and private markets. We finished the record quarter with record AUM, record units of trust of $11.6 trillion. Over the last 12 months, clients trusted BlackRock with $670 billion of new assets making more than 60% of our year-over-year AUM growth organic. First quarter net inflows continued our growth with $84 billion. As a management team, we look at core flow trends away from episodic large low fee institutional index redemptions of which we had $55 billion in the quarter. Excluding that activity, BlackRock delivered approximately $140 billion of net inflows in the quarter. Organic asset and base fee growth were driven by client demand for private markets, strategic and precision categories within ETFs, as well as top performing systematic strategies. These are all capabilities we've invested in over recent years and demonstrate the success of our structural growth strategy. Turning to our financial results. First quarter revenue of $5.3 billion increased 12% year-over-year, driven by the impact of organic growth and higher markets on average AUM. Base fees consolidated in the GIP transaction and higher technology services and subscription revenue. Operating income of $2 billion was up 14% and earnings per share of $11.30 was 15% higher versus a year ago. EPS also reflected lower non-operating income, a lower tax rate and higher share count in the current quarter. The higher year-over-year share count included shares issued and delivered at the closing of the GIP transaction on October 1, 2024. Non-operating results for the quarter included $68 million of net investment gains, driven primarily by mark-to-market non-cash gains on our co-investment portfolio and a gain on a minority investment. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 16% and reflected $195 million of discrete tax benefits, a portion was related to stock-based compensation awards that vest in the first quarter of each year. We continue to estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2025. The actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. First quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $4.4 billion was up 16% year-over-year, driven by positive impact of market beta on average AUM, organic base fee growth and approximately $285 million in base fees from GIP. On an equivalent day count basis, our annualized effective fee rate was tenth of a basis point higher compared to the fourth quarter. This was mainly due to the impact of approximately $60 million higher catch-up base fees associated with private markets fundraising. Excluding first quarter catch-up fees and including the impact of market and foreign exchange movements towards the second half of the first quarter, we entered the second quarter with base fees approximately 1% lower than the first quarter. Performance fees of $60 million decreased from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower performance revenue from private markets and liquid alternatives. Quarterly technology services and subscription revenue was up 16% compared to a year ago. Growth reflects sustained demand for our full range of Aladdin technology offerings and the closing of the Preqin transaction on March 3. Preqin added approximately $20 million to first quarter revenue. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 30% year-over-year, including the Preqin acquisition and increased 14% organically. We remain committed to low to mid-teens ACV growth over the long-term. Total expense increased 10% year-over-year, reflecting higher sales, asset and account, G&A and compensation expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 7%, reflecting higher headcount associated with the onboarding of the GIP and Preqin employees and higher incentive compensation linked to higher operating income. G&A expense increased 12%, primarily driven by the GIP and Preqin acquisitions and continued technology investments. Excluding the impact of the GIP and Preqin acquisitions, G&A would have increased 6% from a year ago. Sales asset and account expense increased 14% compared to a year ago, primarily driven by higher direct fund expense and distribution costs. Direct fund expense was up 16% year-over-year, mainly due to higher average index AUM. Our first quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 43.2% was up 100 basis points from a year ago, reflecting the positive impact of markets on revenue and organic base fee growth. We continue to execute on our financial rubric. This approach has yielded profitable growth and operating leverage in good markets, and we believe will add more resilience to our operating margin when markets are less supportive. In line with our January guidance, which excludes the impact of HPS and related transaction costs, at present, we continue to expect a mid to high-single digit percentage increase in 2025 core G&A expense. Our capital management strategy remains consistent. We invest first in our business either to scale strategic growth initiatives or drive operational efficiency and then return cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased $375 million worth of common shares in the first quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market and other conditions, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year, consistent with our January guidance. We continue to target mid-2025 at the closing of the HPS transaction, which remains subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Last month, an investor consortium, including BlackRock announced the acquisition of Viridium Group. Viridium is Germany's leading closed block life insurance consolidator and fourth largest life insurance company. Upon the close of the transaction, BlackRock will have a non-controlling, non-consolidated minority equity investment in Viridium, and help the company access a broader range of private markets investment opportunities in support of policyholders and the company. We expect that growth to be in private credit strategies, including infrastructure and corporate debt as well as asset based finance. The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Also in March, we issued $1 billion of euro denominated 10 year debt at a coupon of 3.75% to refinance our euro denominated notes maturing in May 2025. The euro debt aligns our capital structure with our global business. Beginning in the first quarter, we refined our AUM presentation to further highlight growth areas within BlackRock. The updates primarily focus on our private markets and ETF platforms. We believe these changes provide investors with further transparency into channels powering BlackRock's organic growth strategy. In the first quarter, BlackRock generated total net inflows of $84 billion. Excluding low fee institutional index outflows driven by rebalancing, BlackRock's net inflows were $140 billion. ETF net inflows of $107 billion were positive across all channels led by core equity and fixed income ETFs with net inflows of $46 billion and $34 billion, respectively. Our innovative product launches across ETFs continue to see widespread adoption as clients use our latest offerings to access a range of investment exposures. Our active ETFs contributed $9 billion of net inflows, and our digital asset ETPs generated another $3 billion. Inflows into these higher fee ETF categories contributed to 7% annualized organic base fee growth for ETFs in the first quarter. Retail net inflows of $13 billion were led by record quarterly flows in Aperio, sustained demand for fixed income offerings and our systematic liquid alternatives funds. Institutional active net inflows were $8 billion, driven by demand for infrastructure private markets, our LifePath target date franchise and systematic active equity offerings. These inflows were partially offset by a handful of client specific redemptions from active fixed income primarily due to reinsurance activity. Institutional index net outflows of $46 billion were concentrated in low fee index equities, partially offset by inflows into index fixed income. Our institutional channel delivered 7% long-term organic base fee growth in the quarter, benefiting from client demand for private markets and systematic strategies. In private markets, we saw an aggregate $7 billion of net inflows led by infrastructure and private credit. Liquid alternatives added $2 billion of net inflows, primarily into global equity market neutral and multi-strategy funds run by our systematic teams. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform saw $1 billion of net inflows in the first quarter. Cash management results reflected growth in the Circle Reserve Fund, partially offset by seasonal redemptions from U.S. government funds. We've built our business around structural growers, ETFs, private markets, tax managed and systematic, data driven investing and whole portfolio solutions. It's not just that they're less market sensitive, is that there are secular shifts in the way clients are doing business, that's what gives those categories tailwinds. When markets are strong, they'll grow faster. When markets are weaker, they may grow slower, but they still grow. Our first quarter results show our strategy in action. We surpassed our 5% organic base fee growth target even with more stressed and uncertain markets. Markets may take some time to sort out saber rattling around trade and tariffs, but BlackRock and our clients see growth and opportunity. Clients may look to preserve capital in the near term, but ultimately, we'll continue investing. It will be a market where clients are looking for advice and where BlackRock shines as an integrated whole portfolio provider. Looking ahead, we believe our strategy will continue to deliver for both our clients and shareholders, resulting in market leading organic growth, differentiated operating leverage and earnings and multiple expansion over time. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Martin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. BlackRock's positioning and connectivity with clients are stronger than ever, and it's clear in our results. Our structural growth strategy resonated in the first quarter with secular growth across our businesses, even with a volatile market backdrop. We delivered above target 6% organic base fee growth, which represented our best start of the year since 2021, that's in a quarter where the S&P 500 ended 9% off its February peak. It's proof of BlackRock's enhanced structural strength, where we can power organic revenue growth that's undeterred by market movement. Revenues grew double-digit and are as-adjusted operating margin expanded by over 100 basis points. First quarter total net inflows were approximately $140 billion, excluding the episodic institutional index equity activity that Martin mentioned. Importantly, net inflows and organic base fee growth were well diversified across the entire BlackRock platform. We invested ahead of our secular growth opportunities and ahead of where our clients are going. This quarter represents the largest organic basic (ph) drivers, where strategies where we developed in just the last few years, including GIP, our digital asset offerings, Aperio, active ETFs as well as our tech and data driven systematic equity, equity franchise. Strength in our foundational businesses also underpinned results with a record start of the year for iShares, ETF and a 14% technology ACV growth. Uncertainty and anxiety about the future of the markets and the economy are dominating each and every client conversation. I was traveling in Europe last week when the sweeping U.S. tariffs announcements went beyond anything I could have imagined in my 49 years in finance. I wrote in my Chairman's letter last week that no system has done more to generate wealth for more people than the capital markets. As the capital markets have grown, more people than ever before our investing in the stock market. A little more than 60% of Americans own stock in one way or another, in mutual funds and ETFs and in individual shares and especially in their own retirement accounts like 401(k)s and IRAs. So this isn't Wall Street versus Main Street. The market downturn impacts millions of ordinary people's retirement savings. Their investments for a child college education and tuition or steps they're taking to have more financial stability. We're in a period of geopolitical and economic activity, but we have seen this before. When there are big pivots in the world, big structural changes in the market, like the financial crisis, like, the European debt crisis or COVID or the surging inflation in 2022, BlackRock stayed in front of our clients and made some of our greatest leaps forward. At BlackRock, we are -- we really challenge ourselves not to get mirrored (ph) down in all the negativity, but to navigate, to mitigate the move forward, to work with each and every client to help it each and every client. In recent weeks, we've connected with thousands of clients, providing them with real-time information and our views on unfolding events. BlackRock's expertise is built and delivered through our nearly 23,000 employees located in 30 plus countries. Together, they serve clients in more than 100 countries. The majority of our workforce is actually based outside the United States. Our international workforce includes people in our global platform centers in Europe, in India and our international commercial offices all across the world. This enables us to bring the global insight and investment strategies locally and to bring local insights globally. We need to be an American in the United States or German and Germany or Japanese in Japan or Canadian in Canada and Mexicans in Mexico. It's also to bring opportunities we see in each and every country to our global client base. It's contributing loyalty to build a country's capital market and retirement system and working for each and every client in each and every country. Probably 80% of what we bring to our clients, our clients are looking for a global, global strength, global expertise, they're looking for scale and operating efficiencies and investment talent. But it's the last 20% of the magic where it occurs. It's where you show the best of BlackRock in a local setting anywhere in the world. It doesn't matter whether the client is large or small or where they are, but to know that BlackRock is working for them, and we are -- and we show that we are working for each and every one of them. We're intentionally shaping our platform around the needs of our clients. And we talk about this in every quarter result. It's about the clients, building a premier global public-private market investment and technology firm. We've assembled a leading franchise across active strategies, ETFs, private markets, technology to serve the complete range of our clients' needs and to help them in each and every one of their own ambitions. Whether seeking capital preservation and cash and short duration or capitalizing on opportunities in equities or looking for income and uncorrelated returns in private markets, BlackRock's comprehensive offering is leading to clients consolidating more of their portfolio with them. I look at our cash business is one example of how we help clients manage asset allocation and liquidity. Our cash AUM is up at an all-time high as of April. Now it's at $950 billion. At BlackRock, we're always listening and deeply listening to each and every client and looking ahead to what their future needs will be. We're working with them on long-term issues, not the ups and downs of the market or the next tweet or the next issue. We're constantly testing ourselves to see where we need to do more, to be more different, to be faster, to be working on behalf of our clients. I said last quarter that it's just the beginning. The successful arcs of BlackRock of GIP and Preqin and soon HPS are all coming together in a shared story. GIP and Preqin employees moved into our BlackRock headquarters earlier this year, and we expect HPS to join shortly after the closing. It's one BlackRock physically and definitely one BlackRock spiritually. We're seeing how sensitive public markets are to uncertainty and how quickly they can move in reaction to policy proposals. These dynamics could drive even more capital flows into private markets as investors look to insulate portfolios from tariff impacts and seek attractive income and growth. Last year, we invested in enriching our private markets information, investments, data platform to serve our clients more. We are seeing the results today and are positioned for this type of secular growth as economic uncertainty plays out. In infrastructure, our combination with GIP just six months ago has already unlocked differentiated opportunities for our clients. Last month, we announced the largest infrastructure investment in our history. We have an agreement in principle to acquire a significant portfolio of 43 ports in more than 20 countries. We had a strong existing relationship with the seller of these assets and as a long-term shareholder. Our partners in this consortium includes Mediterranean Shipping Company, one of the world's leading -- leaders in shipping and logistics. And Terminal Investment Limited, which is one of the world's largest global container terminal operators. Upon closing on this deal, our consortium, our investors will have a portfolio of approximately 100 ports around the world. Together, we know how to invest in, own them, improve on them and operate them. We have recently expanded our AI infrastructure partnership, and we're excited to welcome xAI and NVIDIA, as partners alongside Microsoft and MGX. Since this announcement, AIP has attracted significant capital interest and advanced key discussions on AI infrastructure projects. The partnership will meet the expected target of $30 billion in capital from investors, asset owners and corporations. And over time, we believe this can unlock over $100 billion in investment potential, including debt financing of these infrastructure projects. Both AIP and the Landmark Ports announcement are early confirmations of the power and value of GIP pairing with BlackRock. It's unlikely either of us on our own would have been part of these transactions. At the heart of the GIP acquisition was our conviction in how our combined relationships, our combined expertise would come together and deliver fantastic investment opportunities for each and every client worldwide. We expect to scale our private credit AUM to approximately $220 billion following our planned acquisition of HPS. The opportunity set for private credit is expanding as a variety of borrowers from startups to large corporate partners seek more flexible execution as they evaluate their financing needs, and the longer duration lower risk returns of investment grade private debt are driving increased allocations from insurance companies. BlackRock already manages approximately $700 billion for the insurance industry, primarily in index public credit strategies and our Aladdin Technology powers over 100 different insurance companies. As Mark mentioned, our investment in Viridium is the latest example of our commitment to supporting partners through broad solution sets, including investments, capital and insurance expertise. BlackRock has a meaningful role in helping manage Viridium’s private market investments going forward, including in infrastructure investments and private credit. The upcoming addition of HPS represents even more opportunities to extend our insurance relationships across all private credit markets. We also expect HPS to advance our positioning in the quickly growing alts to wealth space, including through their approximately $20 billion of wealth focused BDC offerings. We've had recent success with our own non-traded BDCs, including placements with RIAs and with a large traditional distribution platforms. And we're looking forward to leveraging our shared expertise and expanded network to grow our combined franchises even further after closing. Our acquisition of Preqin brings leading capabilities in private market data to our technology platform and now triples our desktop reach to more than 300,000 users. We believe this acquisition enriches growth potential, not only for BlackRock private markets and technology franchises, but for the entire private market industry as a whole. Growth is diversified across our Aladdin franchise as clients are increasingly choosing to leverage the integrated capabilities of our public private market workflow and data offerings. It's more important than ever for our clients to have a clear, unified view of their portfolio from the building blocks of asset allocation to the minutia of trade execution and accounting. Aladdin recently went live with our first client in Korea, adding to our scaled relationships with leading institutions around the world. And looking ahead, we see more opportunity to expand our relationships with Preqin's more than 4,400 clients. BlackRock is a global firm, but one that operates hyper locally. We connect our clients across regions to both local and global to capital markets. The U.S. investment opportunity set is still going to be very relevant. We see our role outside the United States to both help our clients understand dynamics of the United States markets and enabling them to channel investments into their own capital markets. Strong local capital markets underpin the development of each and every country's robust retirement system. BlackRock is partnering with governments and sovereign wealth funds in these efforts. In India, we expect our joint venture with Jio BlackRock to launch later this year, subject to regulatory approvals. We believe we can transform access to investing for Indians, ultimately contributing to the development of our retirement system and a better financial future for each and every of our clients in India. In Saudi Arabia, we launched an investment management platform to partner with the public investment fund to drive capital into the local markets. It's managed by a dedicated BlackRock team in Riyadh. We're also working in the Kingdom to help develop a mortgage-backed securities market, an establishment of a secondary market for mortgage loans, which should help banks lower the cost of mortgages and home mortgages becoming more accessible for citizens in the Kingdom. In Europe, we are making it easier for more and more people to shift from savings to investing through ETFs and digital first offerings. Our European ETF platform crossed over $1 trillion for the first time this quarter and is well positioned for the future with approximately 40% market share by AUM. And the European ETF market has opened in 2025 with record demand. iShares European net inflows have more than doubled compared to the flows at this time last year. BlackRock iShares is well-positioned to capture significant upside in the coming years with our leading platform and diversified offering. We continue to innovate new products and new uses and recently brought our Bitcoin ETF to Europe. This builds on the success of our Bitcoin ETF launch in the United States last year and Canada in January. They continue to gain adoption with another $3 billion of net inflows in the first quarter. We see large opportunities for growth in digital assets and more broadly for blockchain and tokenization technology. Digital assets drove cash management net inflows this quarter as we continue to manage cash based reserves through our relationship with Circle. And BlackRock tokenized digital liquidity fund available on a public blockchain became the first Wall Street issued fund to cross over $1 billion in AUM and just recently surpassed $2 billion. BlackRock will continue to look for ways to push on-chain finance forward as part of our leadership in financial technology and innovation and in data. BlackRock's global scale, our relationships worldwide and locally and our industry-leading technology has made us the first call for more clients and more partnerships than any other time. They are seeking BlackRock to have conversations, it's not about the TikTok at any one single day of the market. They're looking to us to talk to them on long-term trends, working with them to help them design a portfolio that can be leading them for better futures. We're not a transactional organization. BlackRock has always remained to be focused on the long term with consistency, always there with capital. With corporations, we often have relationships at going back decades as long-term investors in their debt and their equity. And through our financial markets advisory practice, we're the adviser of choice that governments, central banks and other public and private capital market participants turn to when they need frameworks to support their economy and their capital liquidity. Since the financial crisis, FMA has been more trusted to counsel the Fed, governments of Greece in Ireland and Bank of Canada and so many others. We have a long history of providing guidance on practical targeted monetary and fiscal solutions in support of the global economy. We will continue to work with clients. We will continue to work with governments around the world to help them navigate develops in the economies and help them build out the global capital markets. I'd note that the market downturn this year is different from what we've seen in other shocks since the financial crisis. We do not see systemic risks, that there is not a pandemic. The financial system has shown it's safe and sound and the resiliency of the market of trading more volume with the liquidity than any other time. With all this volatility, the markets have proven to be quite successful and worked quite well. Obviously, there's near-term uncertainty, but the big macro trends that were in place 80 days ago, actually are still around. I know it's hard to believe only 80 days ago, but the mega forces like artificial intelligence, surging demand for global infrastructure and an ongoing evolution of debt financing presents transformative investment opportunities. Build outs of data centers and energy, the need for power grids in semiconductor plants and other infrastructure are beginning and are going to be growing dramatically over the coming years. Obviously, more policy clarity will help this uncertainty, but I remain very optimistic about the capital coming into the markets over the long term. I want to end by saying that I believe that we are in a better position -- better prepared today to meet our client demand at BlackRock than ever before. This is reflective of our depth, the quality of our dialogue and the deepness of our relationships and the length of our relationships with our clients worldwide. We are having the most -- the highest quality of conversations with our clients worldwide here in the United States than ever before. Actually, in markets like today, clients are putting even a greater premium on BlackRock and the differentiating value proposition that BlackRock can offer them. We have remained in good times and bad times, their trusted partner. I'd like to thank our employees for their steadfast focus on delivering for our clients and driving value for our shareholders. Once again, we're very proud that BlackRock generated 6% organic base fee growth against this very complex market backdrop, driven by categories that we've only invested in recent years like -- and the structural long-term growers like infrastructure, like ETFs and like systematic equities. We lead with a growth mindset. We lead with optimism. Long-term winners don't get bogged down in the pessimism. They break down barriers to find solutions to help build that optimism with each and every client over the long run. We try to see through the pessimism of the short run, and that is exactly what we are doing, and we're excited for the opportunity to do great work beyond today and tomorrow, throughout 2025 and going forward in the coming years ahead. I want to thank everybody. So operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning, Larry and Martin.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just given so much going on around the world, maybe just starting off with the current backdrop. Curious in your conversations with clients, are you getting any sort of sense of how retail and institutional allocations may shift as we look forward from here? And how are clients approaching their decision making in this current backdrop? Thank you.
Laurence Fink: So Michael, we have not seen any capitulation with any clients at all. Obviously, we're spending a lot of time with our retail investors. We're seeing -- we've seen an elevated increase in April, which is an unusual time to see elevated increases in cash. We had $20 billion in inflows this month alone in cash, but let's be clear, there's over $12 trillion in money market funds. So there is a huge reserve of money that will be put to work in the future. We're having a lot of conversations related to fixed income. And you think about as a yield curve steepens and we are a big believer of the yield curve is going to continue to steepen, in the coming months, as the yield curve continues to steepen, we're probably going to see more people extend out and it represents more opportunities. And if you now go out the yield curve and then look at where private credit is trading that you're going to be able to earn 8%-ish or even more today. And so with all this market uncertainty, a, these are not bad places to put for an intermediate period of time where you would be putting your money. That being said, we have not seen one true capitulation with one client in equities. Actually, in most cases, more and more our clients are saying, hey, should we be -- when do we come in and buy more equities? Obviously, a lot of people think at this time, you don't buy the dip. But I would say the one thing of caution is, over the last 15 years, we've seen a broadening of interest in the U.S. capital markets. We saw the U.S. capital markets represent 75% of the total value of the world capital markets. As Europe is now finally focused on growing instead of controlling, could Europe become a new -- a better destination for capital? Are there other areas where you could see reallocations? We, as a country, benefited by the huge reallocation and overallocation in U.S. markets. Are we going to see a systematic reallocation into other parts of the world? We have not seen that yet, but that's a good question to be raising as people are starting to believe that Europe might -- is might, for the first time in many years, focusing on growth, not containment. And so more questions are being asked, but I think the dominant area where we're seeing conversations are, should -- is this a time to go out the curve and fix income this is the time? When is this time to add more equity exposure? And then, I would also say very clearly, there has been no change in client demand for infrastructure. If anything, the demand for infrastructure strategies that can throw off mid-teen returns over -- that can be a great protector of inflationary pressures over the long run. The opportunity in infrastructure probably is as great as any other time that we've seen. The one thing that we are seeing that I think is differentiated with most other asset managers, our systematic equity team that has had great performance even now. We continue to see large interest and consistent inflows. We saw inflows in systematic equities in the first quarter and our conversations that, in some cases, moving out of fundamental equities into systematic equity is certainly the conversation to be had. But I would say, it’s too early to see any major wholesale changes by any major client base.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Larry, Martin. Hope everyone is doing well.
Laurence Fink: Good morning. How are your Craig?
Craig Siegenthaler: I’m good. So there's a lot to talk about these days, but I wanted to come back to some comments that you made in your annual letter around private markets entering the retail channel. So given that BlackRock is one of the largest foreign K managers and is the largest DCIO manager, where are you in the build-out of adding private into either existing target date funds or launching new target date funds that have a significant allocation of privates. And are you really just waiting on guidance or actual rule making from the Department of Labor before you move forward?
Laurence Fink: Let me just talk on one thing. This is one of the main reasons why we bought Preqin, and why I believe Preqin will become a major component for the whole ecosystem, I said that in my prepared remarks. To properly add, especially in retirement products, more private investment, I believe better data analytics that will create better transparency, better price discovery is going to be necessary. And this is why we believe in what we are doing in the Aladdin space with eFront, Preqin is going to be a major component of the changing ecosystem in retirement, and I'll let Martin get into the specifics of what we're doing at BlackRock related to those type of products.
Martin Small: Yeah. Thanks. So Craig, you've got it. BlackRock is the number one DC investment-only firm, the number one DCIO firm, and we're a top five private markets and alts manager following our recent acquisitions. So we have the investment content. We have the franchise. We have a $500 billion AUM target date business. And Larry talked about it in his letter, but we see real potential benefits to retirees in greater diversification and better retirement outcomes through the blending of public and private markets. We have a real strong presence in both retirement channels and private markets, relationships, distribution, investment opportunities. So a couple of things. One, we have developed the glide path technology to create a target date style product in terms of allocations and moving allocations across public and private markets to think about growth potential and liquidity in target date style. So we have the glide path technology in order to implement those portfolios. We are launching and have plans to launch in the middle of the year, a target date style offering with private markets, on a retirement platform, one of the larger trust companies in the United States. So we look forward to being able to update you about that later in the year. So we see a target date, really, Craig, as the most efficient way to deliver private markets into retirement counts, particularly defined contribution, because this approach would embed these exposures in allocations already made by target funds. So it's got to be target funds, balanced funds or managed accounts. We see that as the most efficient way of doing it. Those are the types of vehicles that serve as the qualified default investment alternative for the QDIA, and they capture the bulk of 401(k) flows and participant directed individual accounts. We do think for the opportunity to be really broad, really scalable and the most tangible. We’d likely need to see litigation reform or at least some advice reform in the U.S. to add private markets disclosure into DC plans. We have innovated, we’ve advocated on behalf of workers for improved retirement solutions and national initiatives to modernize retirement. Just this past quarter, we hosted a large group of policymakers and members of Congress to discuss retirement at a BlackRock Retirement Summit in Washington, D.C. that was very successful. This was one of the topics that we discussed. So if there’s an opportunity to make private markets more accessible in the retirement channel, our plan is to be at the forefront.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Hey, Larry. Good morning, everybody. Question for you guys a little bit more strategically in -- when I sort of think about periods of prior major market dislocations, BlackRock made some real kind of monumental changes to the business. GFC obviously comes to mind with iShares acquisition. And while I know you made a big bet on private markets today, as I sort of think about ahead and any other major changes that are yet to come from markets and it sounds like U.S. decoupling from the rest of the world in terms of cap markets is top of mind for you guys. Does that mean BlackRock might need to get even larger outside the U.S.? Does that mean that BlackRock might need to pursue larger acquisitions outside the U.S. or how are you thinking about the sort of period disruption relative to your longer term strategy versus other periods?
Laurence Fink: Great question, Alex. So let me just say, a, the answer is no, related to any acquisitions outside as of the end of the world. Our relationship with the governments across the world is giving us a real opportunity. I talked about what we're doing in India and building out that market. We're very excited about that opportunity in India. We have a couple of announcements of partnerships with other organizations in LatAm that we're working on. So it's strategically partnering with our long-term clients. In addition, if you just look at our position in Europe with ETFs, with 40% market share in iShares. And then our -- as I said in my prepared remarks, I was in Europe last week. The conversations we're having, let's say, in Netherlands, as they move away from defined benefit to defined contribution, the opportunities we have there in working with all these different plans, sponsors and the major pension plans there. But across the board, our acquisition would be part of the consortium of Viridium really gives us a unique opportunity in the insurance space and managing insurance assets in Germany and other parts of Europe. Working in Australia, where I was earlier this year, the opportunity we have with GIP and the opportunities we have in infrastructure across the board. I think, as you know, GIP acquired all the airports in Malaysia. And so if anything, our footprint continues to grow. We are now in 30 different countries with offices. And I would say by year end, we maybe be as large as 34, 35 different countries. We will be shortly announcing three new countries where we're opening our offices. We actually manage money for -- in 100 different countries for our clients worldwide. So if anything, by helping countries navigate changes in their retirement system like DB to DC, by helping countries begin retirement system like India or beginning a mortgage backed security system like in Saudi Arabia, and then continue to have a footprint. No firm is in the position to have these business -- this footprint in so many different parts of the world. If anything, this has been one of our great features, which I think in many cases, has been totally underappreciated, how deeply engaged we are and how deeply local we are within so many countries. And the one thing that we talk about across the board as one of the largest shareholders of companies worldwide, our relationships are not transactional. We are working with the pension fund communities. We're working with all the major corporations in all the different countries. And it gives us a differentiated position with -- one of the big reasons I said in the prepared remarks, related to the port transaction, our long-term relationship with CK Hutchison is it just gives us the ability to understand the client better. And so, I actually believe that with this type of uncertainty, with this type of volatility, with this type of sometimes chaos that we're seeing, if anything, the degree of BlackRock's consistency that we could bring to each and every client has allowed us to have a broadening conversation. Martin, do you want to add to anything?
Martin Small: No. I guess that was it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Mike Brown with Wells Fargo Securities.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Brown: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Lots of good color here on the international footprint and key strengths of the franchise there. But I just wanted to ask about the growing frictions between the U.S. and other countries. Are you worried about the risk of some assets potentially moving away from the U.S. in general? And is there any risk you think of any backlash to BlackRock, specifically as a U.S. headquartered manager?
Laurence Fink: Great question. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are Mexican in Mexico, Canadian in Canada, Dutch in Netherlands, British in the U.K., Irish in Ireland, Japanese in Japan. This is not something new. This is something that we started this type of emphasis 37 years ago. The whole foundation of BlackRock. Our first client worldwide was a Japanese client. It was not a U.S. client. And we have systematically made sure that we remain local, vibrant and a part of each and every economy. And that's what we're trying to do. And that's why we're going to be opening a few more offices that we're going to announce shortly to be even more local in these different areas where we have large client relationships. And so -- there is no question, as I also said in my prepared remarks that when you think about the growth of the U.S. capital markets representing 75% of the totality of the global capital markets, and it used to be around 50, 55, could we see -- could what the European leaders are doing that are now unlocking growth instead of containing growth, could this be a time where people should be reallocating back or at least be in a market -- most clients underinvested in Europe. Is this a time to at least have a market waiting in Europe or is this a time to have a market overweight? And you could say this about many other areas. So we're not -- our job is to be working with each and every client. A lot of it is going to be on relative evaluation. But as I said in my prepared remarks, 80 days ago, everyone talked about U.S. supremacy, the vitality of the United States. That was a major conversations even in Davos 80 days ago about the strength of the U.S. that is not a conversation that has been having now, but as I said in my prepared remarks, the macro forces of AI of infrastructure is just as strong today as it was 80 days ago and all the other macro trends. I do believe when the Trump administration works on their growth initiatives that they've talked about, the deregulation, the simplification of permits. And I hope the same thing happens in Europe. That is going to unlock an amazing amount of private capital. And this is why we put such an emphasis in infrastructure and private credit. We will be prepared when there is an unlocking of more private capital to invest in infrastructure and data centers and airports, in grids and in power. And so all of this remains. I know it's been obscured by the conversations with tariffs, been obscure about all the other issues going around but the macro mega trends have not changed. And as I said, if Europe is focused on growth, that is a great added opportunity that we didn't see 80 days ago. If other parts of the world are focusing on their own growth in addition to the growth that we see in the United States, this will be fine. In the short run, yes, we do have inflationary pressures. Yes, in the short run we have an economy that is at risk. But my long-term views have not changed at all despite all the short-term fears.
Christopher Meade: I want to expand on just one point that Larry has made that I think Mike goes to your question, but also maybe a little bit to Alex's prior question, which is, if you were to take the Page 5 of our supplement and look at the revenue weighted composite indexes for BlackRock AUM, you'd see BlackRock has a lot of positive leverage to growing stock markets outside of the United States, that generally tends to be good for our business. It tends to be fee rate accretive to our business. And so, we believe in helping countries grow their capital markets, and we see those opportunities of improved capital markets performance outside of the United States as being very much aligned with our financial growth.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up on the alts and 401(k) discussion on the demand side of things. Could you expand on what you're actually hearing from the plans in terms of demand for these products? So if we do get that legal safe harbor, could there be a quick uptake or do you think it will be a slower build once you get that green light? Thank you.
Martin Small: Thanks, Patrick for the question. So I would segment the market basically into, I'll say, three main categories. The first of which would be large, large plan sponsors. Large plan sponsors move very slowly. They have consultants. They're very prudent and take time, that's not where we're seeing rapid growth or rapid interest at this point. I would say mid-tier plan sponsors are more interested and the smaller plan sponsors are most interested in building these types of portfolios. In addition, what I'd say is platforms, right? The platforms that are trust companies, retirement platforms, registered investment advisers that do advisers sold 401(k) business, they all have high degrees of interest in being able to offer these types of products to their clients. So I would expect, among the largest 401(k) plan sponsors that our consultant intermediated that carry heavy amounts of fiduciary scrutiny. They're going to be the slowest to move. And as you move down into adviser sold, they'll be the fastest to move. So we’re seeing a great amount of velocity down in that bottom part, and I mentioned earlier that the trust company that we’d be working with, this would be one of the places we’d see as a first mover. Of course, you’ll still need to see how pricing comes through, how operations come through. But I think those things can be done in a shorter period than we did LifePath Paycheck, which took multiple years. This, I think, can be done faster than that because it can be done largely through allocations to funds inside of target date funds that are already themselves asset allocation vehicles.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Thank you. Good morning. Yeah. Good morning. So Martin, several moving parts on the exit fee rates. I was hoping you could discuss the outlook for your fee rate based on client demand trends and some of the growth. And also this quarter, Vanguard made some splashy news with cutting of fees. Can you talk about the competitive backdrop within the ETF market today and how you may or may not respond to those changes?
Martin Small: So thanks, Dan. On the fee rate, I'd start by saying we generated 6% annualized base fee growth in the quarter, and organic base fee growth is above target over the last 12 months. This is our third consecutive quarter at or above our through the cycle organic base fee target of 6%. So we are continuing a very solid trend of growing revenues and operating income and expanding margin. As I mentioned in my remarks, on a day count equivalent basis, the annualized effective fee rate was approximately 1/10 of a basis points higher sequentially, that's due to continued growth in fundraising within private markets. We had about $84 million in catch-up fees in Q1, which increased $60 million kind of quarter-on-quarter. We've now seen two successive quarters with sequential fee rate increases and our fee rate is 5% higher than it was six months ago, and that's even against market and FX headwinds. And later in 2025, we expect to add the fee rate accretive assets of HPS. So I expect you'll see much of the same effect you saw post the GIP transaction. Excluding the catch-up fees, and including the impact of markets and FX towards the second half of the year, you'll note we ended with spot assets lower than average assets. We entered the second quarter with base fees approximately 1% lower other than the first quarter. As I've always said, BlackRock's AUM base, the fee rate, it's a backward-looking output of the mix of the stock of assets on the platform, and the net new flows. It's primarily affected by beta and FX but also by organic growth. As I mentioned, we'd expect to see positive leverage to base fee revenue, average fee rates on organic growth over time as we grow our private markets business and we see really excellent velocity in private markets fundraising. And again, we expect to add HPS in the latter half of the year. Just on iShares pricing. Our pricing strategy is the same and hasn't changed. We made targeted price investments in high growth categories where clients are price sensitive, and we can expect to earn back foregone revenue through volumes. Our historical levels of pricing investment have been about 1.5% to 2.5% of global iShares revenue. We've definitely been well below that in recent years. We made no ETF price changes in the first quarter. We’ve always discussed the ETF business having multiple different segments where clients evaluate price relative to many different objectives and see a different value proposition in superior indexes or liquidity, capital markets expertise. And again, in the first quarter, we had $107 billion of ETF flows that’s running – that’s following a $390 billion flow year, which was a record in ‘24. So we’re annualizing at a 10% higher rate already on ETFs. So we feel very comfortable with our positioning there.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for our questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Yes. Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock. Our first quarter results are possible, thanks to the growth of our strategic investments that we made over the coming last years, powering (ph) through our integrated asset management and technology platform. We welcome our new colleagues from Preqin this quarter, and we look forward to our planned closing HPS later this year. More than ever, we're seeing closer to our clients than ever before at each and every client and wherever they are located. And we believe BlackRock today has a strong upside for our shareholders in any other time. I want to just thank everybody and have a calm second quarter. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-15 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and Happy New Year to everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024. Before I turn it over to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results. I'll be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. With over $600 billion in net new assets entrusted to BlackRock, 2024 was a milestone year of programmatic organic and inorganic actions rooted in client needs, investment capability expansion, technology, and scale. We executed breakthrough investment offerings and industry-leading partnerships. 2024 marks a quantum leap forward for BlackRock against our long-term value creation objectives and an invigoration of the future of asset management and technology services for our clients. We've spoken all year about how organic growth momentum and overall client sentiment has been improving. BlackRock saw record net inflows in 2024, powered by two back-to-back record flows quarters in the second half. Our annual revenue, operating income, and earnings per share each grew double digits. We made disciplined investments for profitable growth, delivering 280 basis points of margin expansion as our AUM grew to a new high of nearly $11.6 trillion. We enter 2025 from a position of strength, having generated 7% annualized organic base fee growth in the fourth quarter, our highest in three years. Our record client activity and the accelerating organic revenue growth we saw in 2024, they're independent of the lift that we believe will come from GIP, HPS, and Preqin. Our structural growth businesses, ETFs, Aladdin, outsourcing, fixed income, they're the strong foundations to serve clients and deliver on our through the cycle 5% organic growth objectives. We didn't need M&A to achieve and rise above our organic base fee growth target. Our expansions are about more deeply serving clients in high growth segments that can exceed our 5% goals. We enter 2025 on a new trajectory, with record AUM and operating income and having increased our effective fee rate by seven-tenths of a basis point. Over the course of 2025, we'll be integrating and adding the high-growth and earnings power of GIP, HPS, and Preqin. Clients have embraced our strategy. Our track record of successful acquisitions and integrations is bringing clients into deeper relationships with BlackRock. We finished 2024 with sequential quarters of at or above target organic growth. More importantly, that organic growth is broad-based across institutional, wealth, and technology and across regions. Clients want to consolidate more of their portfolios with a partner that's with them for the long term. They want portfolios that are seamlessly integrated across public and private markets that are dynamic and that are underpinned by data, risk management, and technology. BlackRock is now truly in a category of one. We've built a unique asset management and fintech platform that's integrated across public and private markets. With the close of the GIP transaction this past October and our planned acquisition of HPS, BlackRock's private markets and alternatives platform is expected to be $600 billion in client assets, a top-five provider, and over $3 billion in revenues or about 15% of 2024 revenues. BlackRock houses whole portfolio solutions for clients, the world's number one ETF franchise by assets, flows and breadth of exposures, a $3 trillion fixed income platform across active and index, $700 billion managed for insurance companies, over $350 billion in models, direct indexing and SMAs for wealth managers, over $900 billion in cash management AUM, leading advisory services and our proven Aladdin technology with $1.6 billion in revenues. Aladdin is powering a whole portfolio ecosystem across public and private markets with eFront in our planned acquisition of Preqin. On a pro forma basis for HPS and Preqin, private markets and technology are expected to make up over 20% of BlackRock's overall revenue. That's an ecosystem we feel wins with client needs and results in over 20% of our revenue base in long-dated, less market-sensitive products and services. Our mix continues to evolve towards higher secular growth areas with clients. We believe this will translate to higher and more durable organic growth, greater resilience through market cycles and multiple expansion. In 2024 BlackRock generated a record $641 billion of total net inflows and delivered 4% organic base fee growth. We finished the year strong in the fourth quarter with $281 billion of total net inflows and 7% annualized organic base fee growth. Full-year revenue of $20.4 billion was up 14% year-over-year. Operating income of $8.1 billion was up 23% and earnings per share of $43.61 increased 15%. Fourth quarter revenue of $5.7 billion was 23% higher year-over-year, driven by the impact of higher markets on average AUM and higher performance fees. Quarterly operating income of $2.3 billion was up 36%, while earnings per share of $11.93 was 23% higher versus a year ago. EPS also reflected a lower tax rate, partially offset by lower non-operating income and a higher share count in the current quarter. The higher share count included 6.9 million shares issued and delivered at the closing of the GIP Transaction. Non-operating results for the quarter included $7 million of net investment losses, primarily due to changes in co-investment valuations. Lower interest income in the current quarter reflected the delivery of cash at the closing of the GIP transaction, which was raised through our debt offering in March 2024. Our as adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 21% and benefited from discrete items. We currently estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for 2025. The actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Fourth quarter base fees and securities lending revenue of $4.4 billion was up 23% year-over-year and up 10% sequentially, driven by the positive impact of market beta on average AUM, organic base fee growth, and approximately $230 million of base fees from GIP. Our annualized effective fee rate was approximately seven-tenths of a basis point higher compared to the third quarter. Over time and with continued growth in infrastructure strategies and the successful closing of the HPS acquisition, we would expect to see positive leverage to base fee revenue, average fee rates, and organic growth as we grow private markets with clients. This is evidenced by this quarter's fee rate increase, primarily reflecting the onboarding of higher-fee rate private markets assets following the GIP closing. Fourth-quarter and full-year performance fees of $451 million and $1.2 billion, respectively, increased from a year ago, led by higher revenue from alternatives. We saw strong broad-based performance across hedge funds. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 13% year-over-year and full-year revenue of $1.6 billion increased 8%, reflecting the successful onboarding of a number of new clients and expanding relationships with existing clients. Full-year technology services revenue growth also reflects the prior year revenue impact of several clients' renewals of eFront on premises licenses. Annual contract value or ACV increased 12% year-over-year. On a constant-currency basis, we estimate ACV would have increased 13% from a year ago. The need for integrated risk analytics and whole portfolio views across public and private markets is driving strong demand for Aladdin. We signed some of our largest clients ever in 2024. We remain committed to low to mid-teens ACV growth over the long term. Total expense increased 9% in 2024, primarily due to higher incentive compensation, G&A and sales, asset, and account expense. Full-year employee compensation and benefit expense was up 11%, reflecting higher incentive compensation as a result of higher performance fees and operating income. Recall that year-over-year and sequential comparisons of fourth-quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we finalized full-year compensation in the fourth quarter. Full-year G&A expense was up 5%, primarily from planned technology investment spend, higher professional fees, and GIP's G&A expense. During the year, we made disciplined investments in business to drive operating leverage and profitable growth. Our fourth-quarter as adjusted operating margin of 45.5% increased 390 basis points year-over-year and our full-year as adjusted operating margin of 44.5% was up 280 basis points. Looking ahead, we aim to maintain our systematic approach to investing for profitable growth on the budgeting principles we've consistently articulated for the last 12 to 18 months. We'll continue to be disciplined in prioritizing our hiring and overall investments with the ambition of delivering market-leading organic growth and operating margin. At present, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, we expect our planned acquisitions of Preqin and HPS to close in the first quarter of 2025 and in mid-2025, respectively. Based on these closing timelines, we'd expect BlackRock's headcount to be higher in 2025. Our planned acquisitions of Preqin and HPS are expected to bring approximately 2,300 new colleagues to BlackRock. Additionally, excluding HPS, we would expect a mid-to-high single-digit percentage increase in 2025 core G&A expense. Most of the core G&A expense growth should come from consolidating the G&A expense of GIP and Preqin and continued investment in technology as we look to operate more efficiently and better serve our clients. Our capital management strategy remains consistent. We invest first, both organically and inorganically, either to scale strategic growth initiatives or drive operational efficiency. We then return cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. After investing for growth, we returned over $4.7 billion to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases in 2024. This includes open-market repurchases of approximately $375 million and $1.6 billion for the fourth quarter and full year, respectively. Share repurchases have been a consistent element of our capital management strategy. In the last 10 years, we've repurchased 28 million shares at an average price of $510 per share. Today, we're trading at almost double that. This represents a more than 15% annualized return for our shareholders. For both the GIP and HPS transactions, BlackRock Equity proved a valuable currency in consummating these transactions and structuring them for alignment with our shareholders. At present, based on capital spending plans for the year and subject to market and other conditions, we're targeting the purchase of 1.5 billion of shares during 2025. In addition and also subject to market and other conditions, we expect to seek Board approval later this month for an increase to our first-quarter 2025 dividend, consistent with our track record of continued dividend growth. Record full-year total net inflows of $641 billion were diversified across active index and cash as well as by region, led by $385 billion of net inflows from clients in the United States. BlackRock generated industry-leading ETF net inflows of $390 billion in 2024, representing 11% organic assets and 7% organic base fee growth. Record annual net inflows into our ETFs included $41 billion into our digital assets ETPs that were just launched in 2024. Fourth-quarter ETF net inflows of $143 billion reflected significant momentum into year-end, helped by seasonal portfolio reallocations. As U.S. equity indices and spot Bitcoin prices reached new highs in the quarter, clients used iShares products to re-risk and add these investment exposures to their portfolios. BlackRock's institutional platform generated net inflows of $74 billion in 2024, led by active net inflows of $64 billion, including the funding of several large outsourcing mandates from a variety of client types. Index net inflows of $9 billion were driven by $43 billion into fixed income. This was partially offset by $31 billion of net redemptions from low-fee index equity strategies. Several large clients, mostly outside the United States rebalanced their portfolios amid record equity market levels. Full-year retail net inflows of $24 billion were led by continued strength in Aperio and inflows into active fixed-income mutual funds. Aperio had another record year in 2024 with net inflows of $14 billion and active fixed-income added $12 billion of net inflows. Demand for private markets remains strong with $9 billion of net inflows during the year driven by infrastructure and private credit. BlackRock's full-year net inflows also included the impact of successful realizations of $13 billion, primarily from private equity, private credit, and infrastructure strategies. Distributions are a key metric for measuring performance in the private markets. GIP has a strong track record of operating portfolio companies and ultimately returning capital to investors through exits with strong uplift. At present, we expect to recognize approximately $5 billion of realizations in the first quarter from older GIP fund vintages executing on successful exits. Starting this quarter, we've updated our earnings supplement to provide additional transparency into organic growth drivers and realizations activity for our private markets assets. We expect to make disclosure enhancements, particularly around private markets beginning in the first quarter of 2025. Finally, BlackRock cash management saw $81 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter and $153 billion in 2024. Flows were driven by both U.S. government and international prime funds and included multiple large new client mandates. We continue to see strong growth in our cash and liquidity platform built on our scale and integrated offerings with AUM up 20% year-over-year. BlackRock's platform delivered record results in 2024 and the consistency of our results stands out even more over the long term with over $2 trillion of client net inflows over the last five years. While 2024 was a watershed year for BlackRock, it's just the start of our next growth story. We're better positioned than ever to build with clients and create value for our shareholders. BlackRock is a meaningful outperformer when assets are in motion and investors are re-risking. We're optimistic about market opportunities for our clients into 2025. I'm going to pass to Larry in a minute. But for those of you keeping score at home, this is Larry's 100th earnings call. We did a little research and counted only 15 current CEOs in the S&P 500 that have celebrated 100 earnings calls as the CEO. Larry, congratulations on a century of earnings calls. How does it feel?
Laurence D. Fink: I can't say, I feel any older. I can't complain at all. It's been a fun journey and I think the journey going forward is it going to be better. There's a lot of change in the world in the last 25 years. Another lot that stays the same. My meal the night before earnings remains the same and a bowl of cereal last night with blueberry. So, I guess, everything is the same. But thank you, Martin. And also Happy New Year to everybody, and thank you for joining the call. And yes, it is our 100th. But I haven't done it alone. We have a number of shareholders that have been with us since the IPO 25 years ago. I remember that original roadshow when we tried to convince many of our shareholders remain today about the opportunities to invest in BlackRock. And we're also grateful for the analyst community in helping the markets understand our business. I think two of our equity analysts on the line are with us from the IPO. So I want to thank -- thanks to Bill Katz and Brian Bedell for your coverage over all these years. And the best is still in front of us. When we IPOed, we were a company of 650 employees and we managed $165 billion in assets. That same year, we began selling our Aladdin technology to our clients for the first time. Today, clients trust us with nearly $11.6 trillion of AUM and Aladdin has more than 130,000 users. Since our IPO, we've delivered an annualized total return for our shareholders about 21% compared to about 8% for the S&P 500. And as I said, this is just the beginning. As Martin said, 2024 was a milestone year for BlackRock. Clients entrusted us with a record $641 billion of net inflows, including $281 billion in the fourth quarter. We now had two consecutive record flow quarters. We entered 2025 at our strongest inflection point. We added $1.5 trillion of AUM, delivered record revenues and record operating income, and increased our effective fee rate by 5%. Historic client activity took place as we executed on the most significant acquisitions we've done since BGI over 15 years ago. It's not uncommon for companies to see clients pausing. As they wait out the M&A results, as they determine and -- determine whether BlackRock is focusing on their needs. At BlackRock, clients are instead embracing and rewarding our strategy. Clients activity accelerated into the fourth quarter, resulting in a 7% organic base fee growth and 12% technology services ACV growth. Our operating model delivered exceptional performance in a year of meaningful change. We crossed the $20 billion of annual revenues, up 14% from our 2023. Our adjusted operating income grew by 23% and our industry margins of 44.5% was up 280 basis points. We always raise the bar for ourselves and know our clients and shareholders do the same. Our results consistently beat even our high expectations and we surpassed Street estimates for flows, fee rate, base rate in addition to total revenues, margins, and EPS. Our record organic growth and financial results do not yet reflect the full integration or pending acquisitions of GIP, HPS, and Preqin. All three of these businesses have a track record of delivering strong revenue growth, profitability, and margin expansion. And we're steadily making organic investments ahead of our -- the structural trends that we believe will drive outsized growth in the years ahead. We've had strong momentum across our entire franchise, including our newly enhanced private market platform. We positioned ahead of market opportunities that we believe will drive outsized growth for BlackRock in the years to come. We invested in our talent, which is fundamentally the most important thing that we invest in each and every year. Our key driver of BlackRock's success has been our focus on developing leaders with a broad range of experiences and connectivity across all of BlackRock, what I've called horizontal leadership. We look to identify people ready for the next challenge and then move them into roles that both advance their professional journeys and drive our business forward. Today, we are excited to announce that many leaders across the firm are taking on new and expanded roles and responsibilities that will help drive our next phase of growth. Part of the leadership changes reflect on Mark Wiedman's desire to pursue his next chapter after nearly 20 years with BlackRock. We've discussed his transition over a number of months and he will be with us through spring and I want to take a moment to recognize and thank Mark. Mark is a great friend of mine, a great friend of the firms, and has helped drive strong growth for BlackRock for our clients and for our shareholders. He has also built a powerful team of leaders prepared to take on new responsibilities and drive our business forward. This includes a number of the senior leaders taking on expanded roles. Mark will work with our leadership team over the next few months to ensure a smooth transition. We thank him for his many contributions, his partnership, and his vision in shaping the successful evolution of BlackRock. Rob and I are proud of the deep leadership team at BlackRock. It reflects a breadth of experience and sustained excellence. Strategic acquisitions have also historically strengthened our firm, strengthened our culture, and bringing top talent, new skills and experience into our organization. Our culture has consistently evolved as we welcome new teams and colleagues to BlackRock. And today, it represents a blending of the best parts of the cultures that have come together across the years, across all the firms that became part of BlackRock. A few months ago, we welcomed the influx of talent with the close of GIP. We've already enjoyed great connectivity and our teams are energized. BlackRock's world-class leadership alongside the top talent from GIP, from HPS, and Preqin position us to serve our clients with excellence and seizing the opportunities ahead for us. In my conversations with clients around the world, they're eager to put capital to work and they want to do it through BlackRock. Public markets enter the year from a position of strength. Clients holding cash on the sidelines missed out on a 25% total return in equities last year. We expect 2025 to be a dynamic investing environment. As policies and economic questions play out, the most important factor will be the growth backdrop. Mega forces like AI and ongoing evolution in the debt financing and the low-carbon transition are transforming economies with long-term growth trajectories. Capital markets will play a key role in this transformation. Private market assets are an increasingly vital part of capital markets and blending both public and private markets will be critical to fully capturing growth opportunities. Long-held investing principles need to evolve, including the traditional 60-40 portfolio mix of stock and bonds. The diversifying nature of the stock and bond relationship is under increasingly strong pressure, making resilient portfolio construction more critical than ever. Clients are coming to BlackRock for advice on how to build portfolios, how to broaden out where they invest. For many, they will increasingly include private markets, especially private credit and infrastructure. We also think active strategies can provide an advantage in an environment that requires a more dynamic approach. BlackRock is well-positioned to capitalize on structural growth opportunities against a backdrop of economic and capital market evolution. We've made coordinated investments to build the premier long-term capital partner and technology provider across public and private markets. 2025 is a new launch point for significant growth for BlackRock, our clients, and our shareholders. Our recent acquisition of GIP, the planned acquisitions of Preqin and HPS, each position our platform ahead of evolving our client needs and structural industry trends. 15 years ago, we acquired BGI and we're the first scale provider to integrate both active and index investments. In 2024, we made bold moves to connect public and private markets through portfolio management and technology. The reaction to our recent announcement to acquire HPS has been extremely positive and we see great opportunities to partner more closely with clients and borrowers. The capabilities we're adding through these transactions allow us to serve clients even more comprehensively and position us to raise significant private capital. For our shareholders, we believe the increased contribution from private markets and technology will drive higher and more resilient organic growth, differentiating financial performance and multiple re-rating. In addition to private markets, we are executing on the strongest opportunity set we've seen across multiple growth engines. These include technology, ETFs, multi-asset solutions like outsourcing, and models. We invested for years to develop leading franchises and capabilities that our clients need most, and that are our long-term growth channels. Importantly, they're scaled and integrated onto one platform with a culture that is client-led, not product-led. We're able to serve our clients in a way that no other asset manager can. Aladdin has always been the operating system uniting all of BlackRock. It's grown and evolved as BlackRock has. It's the industry's most comprehensive operating system, supporting scale and commercial priorities for clients. We're growing our capability set in Aladdin, all with the aim of serving our clients through sophisticated risk management, scaled portfolio analytics across both public and private markets, and soon private market data through Preqin. Fourth-quarter ACV growth of 12% reflects several significant mandates with large financial and corporate partners. The Aladdin technology stack is resonating with over half the Aladdin sales involving multiple products. This includes clients using Aladdin's whole portfolio view, which grew out of our acquisition of eFront to seamlessly manage portfolios across public and private asset classes on one platform. It includes clients leveraging enterprise Aladdin alongside Aladdin Accounting or the Aladdin Data Cloud. Technology is at the foundation of BlackRock. ETFs are another example. We view ETFs as a technology that facilitates investments. Since our acquisition of iShares, BlackRock has led in expanding the market for ETFs by making them more accessible and by delivering new asset classes like bonds or crypto and investment strategies like Active. Approximately a quarter of the $390 billion of ETF net inflows were into products launched in the last five years. Our active ETFs delivered $22 billion of net inflows in 2024, while our Bitcoin ETP was the largest ETF launch in history, growing to over $50 billion of AUM in less than a year, and it was the third-highest asset-gathering ETF in the entire ETF industry behind only the S&P 500 index funds. We're innovating at the product and portfolio level and accelerating our distribution capabilities to deliver a differentiated investment solution. In Europe, we scaled our ETF offering significantly and the market is still much more nascent than it is in the U.S. We have seen double-digit organic growth in each of the last two years, including over $90 billion in growth in net inflows in 2024. Our European ETF platform is nearing $1 trillion of assets, which is larger than the next five issuers combined. Much of this growth is powered by individual investors as online banking platforms, digital-first offerings, and ETF saving plans are enabling more first-time investors to invest in their savings to start and beginning their retirement savings and to build a better and more robust future for themselves. From first-time individual investors to the most sophisticated institutions, ETFs are connecting investors to the growth of the capital markets around the world. Client's needs are driving industry consolidation and investors increasingly prefer to work with BlackRock as a scaled multi-asset provider. We see this in the wealth channels where managed model portfolios are the main way in which wealth managers are looking to scale their practices and better serve their clients. BlackRock has a leading models business backed by our multi-asset, multi-product capabilities across both ETFs and active strategies. We see this in our relationship with the largest asset owners, our pension funds, and corporates as these clients seek to deepen their ties with BlackRock. Many of these corporate partners see positive network effects to their core business and to their own shareholders by extending their relationship with BlackRock. This year, our clients entrusted us with more than $120 billion of scaled outsourcing mandates. Many of these outsourced portfolios are from pension plans and retirement schemes that we're investing on behalf of millions of workers to help them save for their future. Our LifePath target date franchise now manages more than $0.5 trillion of assets and we're extending our work in this important area to help more and more people save for retirement. In 2024, we launched our LifePath Paycheck offering, which pairs a traditional 401(k) plan with the option to purchase an annuity-based income stream as a worker approaches retirement. The solution is the fastest-growing lifetime income target date strategy in the defined contribution market with $16 billion invested at year end. We also adopted LifePath Paycheck as part of our U.S. retirement saving plan for employees here at BlackRock. We think this will become the default defined contribution offering for the entire industry and we're exploring opportunities to expand LifePath Paycheck to more partners and workers throughout the world. We have built our platform around a core strategy of connecting investors to the long-term growth of the capital markets. In my conversation with clients and government leaders around the world, there has been great focus on the strong capital markets we have in the United States. Countries want to further develop their own robust capital markets and this drives investment in their own local economies, which in turn provides opportunity for job growth, wealth creation for their own citizens. Over the last few years, BlackRock has partnered with governments and sovereign wealth funds to help deepen their local capital markets. We see tremendous opportunities in India where digital infrastructure efforts are facilitating widespread access to digital payments and financial products. Our joint venture, Jio BlackRock is expected to launch later this year, subject to regulatory approvals. We're combining our investment expertise with the local market knowledge of our partner, Jio Financial Services to launch digital-first assets with wealth management businesses. In Saudi Arabia, we're launching an investment management platform to partner with a public investment fund to drive investments and future growth in the local economy. And we're investing and layering the foundation today for opportunities that we believe will result in significant AUM over the next five to 10 years. We've had great success with our large asset owners in collaborations already, including our joint venture decarbonization partners with Temasek. Our recent AI partnership with Microsoft and MGX, which aims to mobilize data centers and infrastructure investments. These global partnerships are only available to BlackRock because of the deep relationships we built over many years with local partners, heads of states, and sophisticated asset owners. I have spent a lot of time on the road last year, as has Rob and other members of our leadership team. [indiscernible] and I have also traveled to see clients together in recent months. We're spending time with our institutional clients, our wealth clients, and increasingly with our largest asset owners in the world. Clients, corporates, and sovereigns are looking to assemble deeply intertwined partnerships, not just the set it and forget it investments that yield a good return. BlackRock is in a class of its own in being able to partner with clients comprehensively and in an integrated scaled way. We can build with clients across their entire portfolio and across the investment life cycle from ETFs to high-performing active and private markets to technology and data through Aladdin, eFront, and eventually Preqin. The strength of our platform and the commitment of our employees in serving our clients powered record results for our shareholders in 2024. And that was before significant growth unlocked from our strategic acquisitions and organic investments in high-growth markets around the world. 2024 was just the beginning, BlackRock enters 2025 with more growth and upside potential than ever. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hi, good morning, everybody. Happy New Year. I wanted to start with a discussion on Money Motion, that's something we talked about last year as well. As you think about 2025 and taking into account maybe the rates move we had recently, to what extent does that change the backdrop you're seeing in the marketplace today? And when it comes to more money in motion, what asset class do you guys expect to benefit most in 2025? Thanks.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Alex. Happy New Year. Listen, it all starts with clients. We had back-to-back quarters of above or at target organic base fee growth, 5% in Q3, now 7% in Q4. It's definitely putting the lift we want in the trailing 12-month trend for our long-term through the cycle target. Full-year organic base fee growth was 4%. And so we're really entering 2025 with continued momentum in a real position of strength. Larry talked a bit about continued ETF exceptionalism, very strong contribution to the 7% organic base fee growth in Q4, rounded out by private markets and alternatives, fixed-income, and cash. Even in ETFs like higher-fee rate segments like active ETFs gathered over $20 billion in new assets, digital assets ETFs are driving higher organic base fee growth. We see those trends continuing into 2025. I would note that GIP's organic growth contributed to about one-half of a percentage point to the overall 7% organic base fee growth. So it didn't have an outsized impact on this quarter's above target outcome. I do think it's a good indication that a growing infrastructure business, a growing private markets business can support obviously above trend, above target, long term targets. But looking into 2025, we've built the business around structural growers, ETFs, models, Aladdin, fixed-income, target date funds. They all drive sustainable organic base fee growth through market cycles. And in positive markets, our lived experience has been that these areas capture substantial upside, generate substantial earnings just like they did here in 2024, which where we hit records. Looking into 2025, we continue to see strength in structural growers, a bigger private markets business, and BlackRock as a meaningful outperformer and re-risking periods. Going back to previous election cycles, periods of central bank action, Alex, we had outsized upside capture. Look at 2017, 2018, 2021, we were well above 5% in those cycle targets. And I'd offer that I think we're even better diversified now. Even with higher for longer rates, we see short-duration active fixed-income yield strategies like our active ETF managed by Rick Rieder. BINK, the INC is the ticker, and our cash management platform as growth engines. And I think that recent macro events are also going to lead to some interesting opportunities in secondaries and private credit in a more supportive market. We've achieved our organic base fee growth target of 5% on average over the last five years. We hit 5% in Q3, 7% in Q4. We did it without the benefit of M&A. So we believe that HPS, Preqin, and GIP can help lift our business beyond those targets. It gives us a lot of conviction about our 5% or better goal going forward, Alex. So we look forward to updating everybody on progress.
Laurence D. Fink: Alex, let me just talk about the rate market. We've been living in a world of the inverted yield curve. And you had the ability to earn the highest return, keeping your money in cash. Now you missed out on some great equity market movements. But as you notice, the yield curve is steepening. And so you're going to over the time you're going to be benefiting by going out the curve. That being said, there is close to $10 trillion of money in money market funds as that money will be put to work. And as I said, with the steepening of the yield curve and with higher rates, it's going to lead to some great opportunities in the fixed-income area. As Martin just said, I think more and more income-oriented products like private credit and infrastructure are going to play a larger role with our investors over the course of the next five to 10 years. And if -- and we can't underestimate the role of the capital markets as that is going to be developed more robustly even in Europe and other parts of the world where there's going to present even better opportunities. There's no place like the United States with the U.S. exceptionalism that you have -- if you're a small startup, a medium company that you have access to so much capital. That is one of the principal drivers of the U.S. economy. And I do believe that is -- hope to be replicated in other economies right now. And that development, having a strong banking system with a strong capital market system really plays well into our future growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Craig, Happy New Year.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry, Martin. Happy New Year, Larry. Hope everyone is doing well. My question is on retirement. So BlackRock is the largest DCIO manager and one of the largest managers of AUM in 401(k) plans and target date funds. And currently, these strategies have a 0% allocation to Alts, but the red sweep in November has many of us debating if Alts will break in the retirement channel. So especially given your recent acquisitions of GIP and HPS, I don't know if any firm is better positioned for this team. So we wanted to get your updated prospects on Alts finally breaking into the U.S. retirement channel.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Craig. Happy New Year. I'll give it a go and then see if Larry has anything to add. But listen, we think of ourselves as a retirement company. More than half of the $11.6 trillion of assets that BlackRock manages are related to retirement. We've been at the forefront, I think, of product innovation. We've been at the forefront of advocacy for retirement solutions through our whole history. It was in fact Barclays Global Investors that pioneered the first target date fund back in 1993. It was a revolutionary concept eliminating, I think, some of the guesswork for retirement savers by automatically adjusting their investment mix over time. We now today, as you mentioned, have over $0.5 trillion of assets in LifePath and target date funds. We're the number-one DCIO provider. As Larry went through in detail, we've been innovating the target date structure to include guaranteed income with LifePath Paycheck. So we see real potential benefits that retirees could have with greater diversification, better retirement outcomes by blending public and private. I mean, people have won Nobel Prizes talking about the market portfolio. It wasn't just about public markets, it's also about private markets. And so we've been doing work, we've been doing work, we're always doing work on product innovation and we've been thinking about how to bring private markets potentially into target date structures. We think the same innovations that powered LifePath Paycheck could ultimately power a target date structure with private markets and alternatives as part of the glide path. We'd also think about things like managed accounts and models, where we've been working on including public-private models as we announced with the Partners Group model portfolios, which we think can make their way into retirement counts as well. And so, we do think this is a real opportunity with our leading presence in these channels, we've got the relationships, the distribution, the investment expertise to capitalize on these opportunities to create better retirement outcomes. We do think we're watching the space closely. For more tangible opportunities, we do think there'll have to be some reforms, potentially safe harbors litigation or advice reform in the U.S. to add private markets to DC plans. So we're watching the space closely, keeping in touch with the trade associations. We're doing a lot of work in keeping connected with Washington. But for years, we've tried to innovate. We've advocated on behalf of workers to improve retirement solutions. We think there is a real opportunity here. And if there is an opportunity to bring private markets to the retirement channel, we will aim to be at the forefront, Craig.
Laurence D. Fink: Craig, let me add one more point that I think is essential. And that is having better analytics and data, that will be fueling. I think, regulatory opportunities to expand offerings in the space. As you know, the retirement system is heavily weighted with a lot of regulation. Fiduciary standard is very high. And so as a result of that, the need for better market analytics and data are essential. And this is one of the primary reasons why we sought out and acquired Preqin. Having the analytics that we have with eFront and Aladdin and the data that we will have will allow the entire market to have access to better information. And we believe more and more asset managers will then take on Aladdin with Preqin data and eFront to help them navigate this. And so to me, dovetailing relaxed regulatory oversight can only happen if we have better systematic analytics and data to work with the investors under our Arista laws. And I think this is essential and this is one of the key reasons why we made the acquisition of Preqin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Happy New Year.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning. Happy New Year.
Michael Cyprys: It's been a little bit over a month since you announced the HPS acquisition. Just curious here in terms of the conversations you're having with clients, how that dialog has evolved given the expanded private credit capabilities that you have? I believe insurance and private wealth were some of the areas that you were most excited about. Just curious what steps you might take to best maximize that opportunity here as you're thinking about 2025, what sort of growth might this translate into and which of the opportunities do you see as more near-term versus more medium to longer-term?
Martin S. Small: Well, obviously, we need to close and we expect to close sometime in the second quarter that would be our objective. And we're very excited about the client feedback related to HPS. It has been extraordinarily positive across all the channels. HPS has incredible relationships with clients worldwide and that dovetails with our relationships across all the insurance companies. And so I do believe insurance will be one of the primary areas of growth for us. But as we were talking about earlier, if we could really expand in the wealth channels, HPS right now has about $20 billion in wealth channels already. And we believe with the BlackRock connectivity with all the wealth management organizations that we have an opportunity to really increase that size by a dramatic amount. And our conversations that we've had globally worldwide from Japan to the Middle East and throughout Europe, probably one of the great surprises to me was the conversations we're having about expanding private credit as a part of these portfolios. And as I said earlier, when we did not do the HPS acquisition as a singular expansion, you have to overlay the design around buying Preqin and having eFront and bringing that together and having the ability to provide better data and analytics to these markets to -- and that will then provide much more expansion of the market. And we've seen that over the last 40-odd years, we've been in business and throughout my career when you have better data and analytics as you're expanding new and frontier markets, they become large-scale markets through data and analytics. And so we believe we will be the best-suited organization to take advantage of that expansion of the private credit markets in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Brown with Wells Fargo.
Michael Brown: Great. Good morning, everyone.
Laurence D. Fink: Mike, Happy New Year.
Michael Brown: Happy New Year. I wanted to follow up on the expense guidance for the year. So thank you for the core G&A guide. I guess, as we think about the contribution from HPS, assuming that mid-2025 close, how should we think about kind of the guide including that? And then as we think about the margin, I appreciate that markets and FX are really going to impact the outcome. But could you just give us some thoughts on maybe the puts and takes that we should consider for the margin in 2025 relative to 2024?
Martin S. Small: Sure. Thanks for the question. So let me just put some context around it. I think our approach to shareholder value creation is to generate consistently market-leading organic growth. It's to drive operating leverage and industry-leading margins and to execute on a consistent capital management strategy, we have a strong track record of investing in our business for growth and scale while expanding capability. It's not just about growth, it's about profitable growth over the long term. Our growth comes from being disciplined in making and managing continued investments in the business. We're keeping the rules-based budgeting principles that I've outlined over the last 12 to 18 months that's sizing our operating investments in line with a prudent lens on organic growth potential. It's aiming to put flexibility in our cost base and variabilizing more expenses where we can. And most importantly, it's looking to generate fixed-cost scale, especially through investments in technology. We've got a -- I think, consistent track record in delivering industry-leading margins and improving them. I think you see in 2024, those scale indicators came through in the results. We grew operating income by over 20%, generated close to 3 percentage points of margin improvement versus 2023. We improved margin by 390 basis points year-on-year in Q4 while operating income was up 30%. And since the end of 2022, a more rope metric is BlackRock AUM is up $3 trillion, while headcount is up by a more modest 1,300 employees, about 7% headcount growth. So we really see ourselves as continuing on that strategy of driving scale and productivity, which shows up in margin expansion. On the outlook for 2025, the guidance is mid-to-high single-digits, excluding HPS, as I mentioned. In terms of the major influences, we think our budgeting approach in a positive market environment should drop more profitability into operating income. Market movements are our highest-margin item, Mike, both on the way up and on the way down. We see the conditions for reasonably positive growth in markets over the near-to-intermediate term. So we believe we can continue to invest to accelerate growth and deliver margin expansion through this rules-based budgeting that I've outlined. And we expect that the impact of positive markets on AUM and revenue through this budgeting approach would drive further margin expansion into 2025.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Worthington of J.P. Morgan.
Martin S. Small: Happy New Year Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Happy New Year. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to piggyback a little bit on Alex's question. What are your thoughts on the outlook for fixed-income flows as we look out to the next 12 months? I guess, maybe starting, where do you see investors position in fixed-income as we begin 2025? And do you get the sense generally that investors are under or over-allocated to fixed-income broadly? And how do you see those allocations evolving this year? I think you've successfully made the case that the allocations are also be increasing. You made the case for a while that the allocations to cash are probably too high. How do we think about this sort of flowing into fixed-income allocations for the next 12 months?
Robert S. Kapito: So I'll take that one. Last time I mentioned I thought it would reign fixed-income. I'm going to continue that for 2025, but I won't go as far as a Nobel Prize, Martin, in fixed-income. But a more balanced term structure of interest rates is an indicator that we're going to watch to indicate the potential demand for intermediate and longer duration fixed-income. And this has been negative for years and now the U.S. term premium has reached its highest level in a decade. Now we see that people are underallocated to fixed-income and we see that through our models business and we see that they're looking to increase their weightings in longer duration fixed income. And whether there's above market steepener or a bear market steepener, I do believe some of that large allocation to cash that Larry mentioned being around $10 trillion is going to look for opportunities to increase their income. And with countries around the globe at deficits, there is going to be a lot of issuance and you'll see the premium over treasuries be significant enough to move that money from cash into intermediate and longer-term duration fixed-income. So last year, we saw a strong demand. Our fixed income flows were $164 billion in 2024. That's driven 6% organic asset growth and that included $24 billion in the fourth quarter alone. Now one of the other reasons for this demand is better wrappers to express your interest in fixed income. So we saw a demand across iShares, non-ETF index, and active fixed-income, and active fixed-income continue to include scaled institutional assignments as well, not just retail, and this came primarily from insurance partners. So I think spread income presents a great opportunity even if duration is not as reliable a diversifier as it used to be. And we see a lot of clients that want to clip solid yields at the front end of the curve and now we expect that to continue into the longer end of the curve. So the other part is the run-up in equities last year actually over -- made them over-allocated to equity, so they need to catch up in fixed income. So I think it continues to roll into cash and then cash as rates change move into intermediate and longer duration fixed-income paper and that will not only be in the public markets, but it will be in the private markets as well, which describes part of the acquisition you were asking Larry and Martin about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Oh, great.
Martin S. Small: Hey, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Hi, Happy New Year.
Laurence D. Fink: Happy New Year. [Multiple Speakers]
Brian Bedell: Yes. Thanks. It's -- actually I was just thinking, I certainly couldn't imagine you've become what you've become sitting back in 1999 as the leading fixed-income manager at the time. I always knew the strategy was great, but the firm has certainly involved -- evolved, I think well beyond anyone's expectations. So congrats on that journey.
Laurence D. Fink: So have you turned 35 yet?
Brian Bedell: Yeah. Exactly. It's been a long time for sure. Yeah. But -- so maybe just thinking about this evolution of the strategy in alternative and particularly the retail end of that. So maybe just talk a little bit about your confidence, clearly, you have a lot of ways to go into the retail on the Alts side. But your confidence on that building up because it's obviously, there is still a lot of your roadblocks into growth in those channels. And I know you talked about the 401(k) channel earlier. Maybe within that answer, you can comment on your view of the likelihood of Safe Harbor provisioning in the 401(k) market and the demand from 401(k) plan sponsors to actually adopt Alts. Within their portfolios clearly would obviously benefit the planned participants substantially. So just, I guess overall, just your confidence on the retail market for Alts building in -- even in 2025 and into 2026 for you inclusive of potentially 401(k).
Martin S. Small: Thanks so much. So we -- this is one of the -- I'm most fond -- one of the businesses I'm most fond of here at BlackRock. We have strong relationships in wealth and retail markets across the globe. As Larry mentioned in his remarks, our aim is to help wealth managers build long-term portfolios that blend public and private market exposures. The market is still early, as you said, wealth manager and retail allocations to private markets still in the low-single digits on most of the Cerulli dinner data. We are focused on innovating to provide better access to private markets for wealth managers and retail investors, and that's across taxable and non-taxable accounts, retirement accounts. Let me tell you about a couple of things we're working on and what I think are some of the bigger opportunities. As we had previously announced, we're working on a first-of-its-kind managed model solution with the Partners Group. We think this will simplify Wealth Access, offering a single subscription model product with varied allocations based on risk tolerance, but moving the private markets into a model portfolio with different risk tolerances that blend public-private, that manages the cash flows that's on a single subscription document. We think that's a huge unlock. One of the barriers to adoption with wealth managers is just the operational burden and tax of managing multiple subscription documents and cash flows and distributions for private markets products. We think a managed account can do that better and increase access. In Europe and Asia, those markets are in a different place in the United States when it comes to our private markets in retirement accounts. We recently launched our new evergreen fund offerings under the LTIF 2.0 structure. Those initial offerings are in private equity solutions and multi-alternatives. Those evergreen funds, we're planning to also have infrastructure and private credit offerings into the future. We're looking at bringing similar structures in terms of evergreen -- evergreen products for the United States as well. The planned acquisition of HPS is going to bring real scale and expertise in the wealth channel for us, including more than $20 billion of wealth-focused assets in HLEND, one of the high-performing BDCs in the market. We think there is a great opportunity to continue to scale that in the channels where HPS is, but also bring that to the RIA market where BlackRock has a particularly large footprint. We have really excellent momentum in many of the strategies that we have in B debt. Our non-traded BDC has about $600 million plus in growing. Our credit interval fund CREDX, same deal has had a lot of growing. I do think that the biggest opportunity ahead of us is to integrate semi-liquid products and to integrate private markets into our over $300 billion managed models and SMA franchise. That would be the biggest unlock. And I really do think it's our competitive advantage. It's at the heart of the model venture we have with Partners Group. It's at the heart of many of the previously announced partnerships we have with Envestnet, GeoWealth, iCapital, Case, and Vestmark. So we think the two best execution channels for us here to help clients are target date funds and retirement accounts, assuming that we can have favorable conditions to do so and manage models in wealth and retail channels and the LTIF structures in UK and Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Bill.
Bill Katz: Good morning, guys. Thank you very much.
Laurence D. Fink: 25 years.
Bill Katz: Yes, indeed, it goes quick. It goes quick. I remember that IPO conversation. Anyway, thank you for the shout-out. It's been a pleasure. Just maybe -- I know, one gentleman, just think about the evolution of the platform and then your guidance around buyback. As your earnings power continues to scale and become more diversified and more durable, how are you thinking about maybe the payout relative to the earnings power? And then how about the allocation underneath that between dividend growth and repurchase? Thank you.
Martin S. Small: Thanks a lot, Bill. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent. As I mentioned earlier, like first to invest in the business. That's our main focus is investing the business to drive organic growth. We preferenced the dividend and then the size of our share repurchases, they're an output after those allocations of capital. We don't manage the company to hoard excess cash on BlackRock's balance sheet. So we have a very strong track record of returning that excess cash through share repurchases that are systematic. I think the size of future repurchases would result from a whole variety of factors. The levels of cash flow generation in organic growth and market beta and FX, the sizing of organic and inorganic investments, the leverage ratio of the company, the reasonableness of debt financing versus equity financing. So, all of these things would influence ultimately the sizing of the share repurchase program. But the share repurchase is an output, not an input into our capital management strategy. But this year, we had $4.7 billion return to share to shareholders. We know that BlackRock has become an attractive compounder between dividends and buybacks, and we want to keep that track record up for our clients and shareholders.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink: Yes, I do. Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest in our firm BlackRock. Our record results in 2024 are just the beginning of our next phase of growth. We invested ahead of our structural growth trends and drivers that we believe will define the future of the capital markets and asset management. We have a lot of exciting work ahead of us, including the planned addition and integration of Preqin and HPS. And we entered 2025 better positioned than ever to deliver differentiating performance to our clients and value-creation for our shareholders. Everyone, have a really wonderful quarter. Enjoy. Talk to you in next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-11 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2024. Before I turn it over to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results. I'll be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. On our previous earnings call, we spoke to improving client sentiment and steadily improving organic growth. We sounded optimism about our growth trajectory in the second half of the year, and in the third quarter organic growth surged and BlackRock delivered some of the best financial results in our history. We generated $221 billion of net inflows, our highest net flows quarter ever. We delivered record levels of quarterly revenue and operating income. We expanded our margin by 350 basis points year-over-year. We generated 5% annualized organic base fee growth, our highest quarter in three years. Organic growth is accelerating as we execute on a strong pipeline and clients turn to BlackRock to move in size into public and private markets. Our structural growers, iShares, whole portfolio outsourcing in Aladdin, the structural growers all delivered strong third quarter growth and are poised to accelerate into year end. iShares, iShares leads the industry in global flows with approximately $250 billion through the third quarter and historically sees upwards of 40% of its total annual flows in Q4. Fixed income ETFs built chiefly on organic growth, iShares fixed income ETF assets now stand at over $1 trillion, nearly 40% higher than at year end 2021. And Aladdin, Aladdin logged 15% ACV growth consistent with our long-term low to mid-teens target with excellent momentum and key wins with growing clients. Finally, fixed income. Fixed income delivered across the platform with over $60 billion of net inflows. We believe a continued path of central bank normalization will support sustained inflows across bond funds, ETFs, and institutional accounts. Fixed income remains a compelling organic growth opportunity for BlackRock. Private markets are a strategic priority for BlackRock, delivering world-class private markets capabilities to more deeply-served clients across the whole portfolio. On October 1st, we closed on our acquisition of Global Infrastructure Partners. The combination triples infrastructure AUM and doubles private markets run rate management fees. We're already seeing the power of BlackRock and GIP together. Our partnership with Microsoft and NGX, It aims to realize the enormous investment potential of infrastructure to support AI innovation. And it's just the first proof point of the growth synergies we can create together. We're bringing private markets to wealth clients. BlackRock manages more than $300 billion of assets across model portfolios and separately managed accounts for wealth managers. These portfolios would benefit from increased exposure and more efficient access to the private markets. We believe the model portfolio solution we're building with Partners Group will revolutionize access to private markets for wealth managers and improve portfolio outcomes for millions of households on an even bigger scale than what's been done with Evergreen Funds. And as long observed in markets, information about capital has become almost as important as capital itself. Our planned acquisition of Preqin is accelerating this exciting private markets data and analytics journey for BlackRock and our clients. Our focus remains on delivering BlackRock's platform to clients through access to unique opportunities, expertise, and world-class client service. We're also moving swiftly and aggressively to position our firm to continue to achieve or exceed our 5% organic base fee growth target over the long term. We're building our mix towards higher secular growth areas like private markets, technology, whole portfolio mandates and model portfolios. We believe this will translate to higher and more durable organic growth, greater diversification and resilience in revenue and earnings through market cycles. Successful execution of these goals should also result in multiple expansion for our shareholders. We ended the quarter with AUM near $11.5 trillion. $11.5 trillion units of trust, clients building with BlackRock. Our business tends to be seasonally strongest in the fourth quarter and we maintain line of sight into a broad global opportunity set of new asset management and technology mandates that should fuel organic growth. BlackRock generated total net inflows of $221 billion in the third quarter, representing 8% annualized organic asset growth. Third quarter revenue of $5.2 billion was 15% higher year-over-year, driven by 5% organic base fee growth, the impact of market movements on average AUM over the last 12 months, and alpha generation in our liquid alternative strategies. Operating income of $2.1 billion was up 26% year-over-year. Earnings per share of $11.46 increased 5%, reflecting a higher tax rate compared to a year ago. Non-operating results for the quarter included $108 million of net investment gains, driven primarily by gains linked to a minority investment and unhedged seed capital investments. Our as adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 26%. The prior year quarter included $215 million of discrete tax benefits, while the third quarter of 2024 was impacted by $22 million of discrete expense. We continue to estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2024. The actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Third quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $4 billion increased 9% year-over-year, reflecting the positive impact of market beta and foreign exchange movements on average AUM and organic base fee growth, partially offset by lower securities lending revenue. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was up 4%. On an equivalent day count basis, our annualized effective fee rate was approximately four-tenths of a basis point lower compared to the second quarter. This was due to the relative outperformance of lower fee U.S. equity markets and client preferences for lower fee U.S. exposures and lower securities lending. The closing of GIP added $116 billion of client AUM and $70 billion of fee-paying AUM on October 1st. We expect GIP to add approximately $250 million of management fees in the fourth quarter of 2024. The GIP portfolios contribute competitive private markets fee levels that are typically over 100 basis points. They add primarily long dated non-redeemable assets to BlackRock's overall business, which further diversify our revenue and earnings mix. We expect these private market assets to positively impact BlackRock's overall effective fee rate by 0.5 to 1 full basis point. Performance fees of $388 million increased significantly from a year ago, primarily reflecting strong alpha generation over the last 12 months from a hedge fund with an annual lock in the third quarter. Quarterly technology services revenue was down 1% compared to a year ago due to the prior year quarter revenue impact of eFront on-premises license renewals for several large clients. Excluding this impact, technology services revenue would have increased approximately 9% year-over-year. Sequentially, technology services revenue was up 2% reflecting successful client go lives. Annual contract value or ACV increased 15% year-over-year, driven by sustained demand for our full range of Aladdin technology offerings. In the third quarter, a large U.S. asset manager selected Aladdin to unify its investment management technology platform across public market asset classes. Our ACV results include the impact of this client announcement and a number of other new client mandates. Our results highlight the power of Aladdin as a unifying technology. Aladdin provides a highly scalable operating backbone to clients that's tailored to meet their needs. It enables new capabilities to drive top line business growth for clients, while also unlocking scale and efficiency. Clients recognize a direct positive impact to the bottom line. Total expense was 8% higher year-over-year, primarily driven by higher incentive compensation, G&A, and sales, asset, and account expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 10% year-over-year, reflecting higher incentive compensation as a result of higher performance fees and operating income. G&A expense was up 8% year-over-year, primarily due to the timing of technology spend last year and higher professional services expense. Sales asset and account expense increased 6% compared to a year ago, driven by higher direct fund expense. Direct fund expense increased 7% year-over-year and 6% sequentially, primarily as a result of higher average ETF AUM. Our as adjusted operating margin of 45.8% was up 350 basis points from a year ago, reflecting the positive impact of markets on revenue, significantly higher performance fees, and organic base fee growth. As markets improve, we've executed on our financial rubric, aligning controllable expense and organic growth, adding more resilience to our operating margin through greater variabilization of expenses and driving fixed cost scale. This approach is yielding profitable growth and operating leverage. In line with our guidance in January and excluding the impact of Global Infrastructure Partners, Preqin and related transaction costs, at present we would expect our headcount to be broadly flat in 2024. And we would also expect a low to mid-single digit percentage increase in 2024 core G&A expense. In line with this outlook, we would also expect Q4 core G&A to reflect execution of planned technology investment spend at levels more consistent with Q3 and seasonal increases in marketing spend. We welcomed approximately 400 new colleagues to BlackRock following the close of the GIP transaction. Inclusive of the GIP acquisition impact, at present, we'd expect full-year core G&A expense growth to be closer to the high end of the previously communicated range of a low to mid-single digit percentage increase. Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business, to either scale strategic growth initiatives or drive operational efficiency, and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. At times, we may make inorganic investments where we see an opportunity to accelerate growth and support our strategic initiatives. At the closing of the GIP transaction, we issued and delivered approximately 6.9 million shares of BlackRock common stock, subject to a two-year lockup period. Approximately 30% of the total consideration for the transaction or 5 million shares is deferred and is expected to be issued in approximately five years based on achievement of certain performance milestones. We repurchased $375 million worth of common shares in the third quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market and other conditions, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares in the fourth quarter consistent with our previous guidance. At present, we expect our planned acquisition of Preqin to close around year-end 2024, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. BlackRock's third quarter net inflows of $221 billion were well diversified and positive across client type, product type, active and indexed and regions. Momentum in our ETFs continued to build with $97 billion of net inflows in the third quarter. Fixed income and core equity led net inflows of $48 billion and $32 billion, respectively. Precision ETFs had $20 billion net inflows as clients efficiently adjusted tactical portfolio allocations with tilts towards U.S. and international developed market equities. BlackRock's cryptocurrency ETPs continue to grow and added $5 billion of net inflows in the third quarter. Institutional clients continue to consolidate more of their portfolios with BlackRock, and our institutional franchise raised $56 billion of net inflows in the third quarter. Our institutional active franchise saw $27 billion of net inflows, primarily in fixed income and multi-asset. Flows benefited from the funding of several large insurance and pension outsourcing mandates. We also saw positive flows into systematic equity, LifePath target date offerings, and private market strategies. Institutional index net inflows of $29 billion reflected large mandate wins and client-specific asset allocation and rebalancing decisions. Retail net inflows of $7 billion were led by continued strength in Aperio inflows into U.S. active fixed income mutual funds. Fixed income flows were positive across our municipal bond, high yields, unconstrained, and total return franchises. Demand for our illiquid alternative strategies continued in the third quarter with $1.5 billion of net inflows driven by infrastructure and private credit. Net inflows also reflected the impact of successful realizations of over $3 billion, primarily from private equity and infrastructure strategies. Finally, cash management saw net inflows of $61 billion in the quarter, driven by both US government and international prime funds, and included multiple large new client mandates. Clients recognize the benefits of our scaled and integrated cash offerings, and this is contributing to sizable inflows of BlackRock. BlackRock delivered one of the strongest quarterly results in our history, and we're in an excellent position to grow with our clients, moving ahead into the end of the year and beyond. BlackRock's historically delivered outsized organic growth in periods of investor re-risking, around election cycles, and changes in central bank policy. The fourth quarter's also been historically strong for inflows, so we're staying connected with our clients. We see significant opportunity to deepen relationships and to grow our share. As clients increasingly turn to BlackRock, we believe this will result in sustained market-leading organic growth, differentiated operating leverage, and earnings and multiple expansion over time. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, Martin, and good morning, everyone. Hopefully everyone has had a good summer and a really fun fall. Last week we happened to cross two milestones on the same day. We celebrated the 25th anniversary of BlackRock becoming a public company and we closed our acquisition of Global Infrastructure Partners. We're incredibly excited to officially welcome our GIP colleagues to the BlackRock family. We've enjoyed great connectivity with Adebayo and Raj and all the GIP founding partners. And we look forward to Adebayo joining our Board of Directors this quarter. Reflecting on these milestones and those came before, I believe our relationships with clients, with corporations, and with other partners are the strongest they've ever been. The long-term connectors and our relationship span many years as holders of company debt and equity. Our position as a consistent long-term investor differentiates us from opportunistic capital. We are not transactional. We are effectively perpetual capital, particularly through our index holdings. Those longstanding relationships, underpinned by long-term ownership positions are unlocking differentiated partnerships, especially as we expand into private markets. We founded BlackRock based on our belief in the long-term growth of the capital markets and the importance of being invested in them. BlackRock has grown as the capital markets have become a bigger and bigger part of the global economy. In my conversations with clients and policymakers around the world, I hear how more and more countries recognize the power of American capital markets and would like to build their own type of capital markets. Record government deficits and tighter bank lending means people, companies, and countries will increasingly turn to markets to finance their retirements, their business, and their economies. The growth and prosperity generating power of the capital markets will remain a dominant economic trend in the coming decades. And BlackRock will be an important player in that growth. The opportunities ahead are never been better than we've seen now. We see this through unique deals and partnerships with BlackRock at the center and are an accelerating client activity. 2024 net inflows have already surpassed the full year net inflows of both 2022 and 2023. The asset we manage on behalf of our clients reached a new high, ending the third quarter at $11.5 trillion. AUM has grown $2.4 trillion or 26% over the last 12 months. In that time, clients have entrusted BlackRock with $456 billion of net assets, including a record $221 billion in the third quarter. Third quarter net inflows and corresponding organic base fee growth of 5% represents our highest level in the last three years. And 15% technology services ACV growth is also at a fresh high. On our earnings calls earlier this year, we discussed with our shareholders our visibility to a strong pipeline. We shared how this would lead to accelerating organic growth in the second half and we're seeing that in our results today. We continue to grow our pipeline across the breadth of the Aladdin investment management mandates and we expect momentum to further build into year-end in 2025. We are effectively leveraging our technology, our scale and our global footprint to deliver profitable growth. Quarterly revenues and operating income both set new records, up 15% and 26%, respectively, year-over-year. And our 45.8% operating margin is up 350 basis points. Importantly, organic growth has great breadth and is diversified across BlackRock. Above the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024, flows were positive and active and indexed across all asset classes, across all client types, and across all regions. Actives have contributed $28 billion in the third quarter, including positive results in active equities. ETFs remain a secular growth driver, adding $97 billion in net inflows in the quarter and $248 billion year-to-date. We're seeing a broadening of ETF adaptation globally, leading to increased levels of utilization which we believe will only continue. A number of significant whole portfolio institutional mandates funded in the quarter, and we continue to be chosen for large global solutions. Last month we were selected as a fiduciary manager for over $30 billion dollar Dutch pension fund with more than 30,000 members. Our performance, our technology, and our in-depth knowledge of local investment nuances increasingly make us the preferred partner for institutional clients. Many investors have large cash holdings. Money market industry assets are hitting new records in the quarter, including BlackRock's own cash position, which had $61 billion in net inflows. But investors will have to re-risk to meet their long-term return needs. And we see great opportunities in investors across a number of structural trends continue to build this. These include rapid advancements in technology and AI and rewiring of globalization and the unprecedented need for new infrastructure. BlackRock is exceptionally well positioned in front of that $9 trillion of money market funds across the industry as it makes its way into public and private markets. We are connecting our clients to opportunities and working with them in an integrated whole portfolio lens to help them deploy their capital. We know our strategy is ambitious and our strategy is working. Black market is becoming the premier long-term capital partner across public and private markets. Private markets are becoming increasingly important in the financing of the economy. Growing public deficits are only going to expand the role of private markets and powering economic growth. These dynamics are reshaping the landscape of how our clients invest and how they allocate capital within their portfolios. Throughout our history, we have never shied away from making big bets to better serve our clients. As we did when we created Aladdin, unlocking new markets through ETFs and pioneered whole portfolio advisory across active and index, we made coordinated investments to bring private market opportunities to our clients in a better way. By an enthusiasm for the planned integration of GIP and the closing of Preqin has exceeded our own high expectations. Our clients are excited to see how GIP and Preqin capabilities are amplified by being part of BlackRock. The private markets and the client's allocation to them will continue to grow. Standardized, transparent private market data and analytics will be increasingly important. As with Aladdin, we believe we can add more value to Preqin as both a user and a provider of private market data and risk analytics. Aladdin expanded into new asset classes and markets as BlackRock and our own clients evolved. And we expect the same for Preqin. The growth of private markets is underpinned by the continued rise of infrastructure. It presents a generational investment opportunity. Over the next 15 years, the world will need to invest $75 trillion to repair aging infrastructure to invest in new projects like data centers and decarbonization technology. The current cash flow inflation-protected return profile of infrastructure makes it an attractive sector for our clients, most of whom will represent investor savings for retirement. For the close of GIP, we are now offering our clients access to market-leading investment and operating expertise across infrastructure private markets. Clients will benefit from a substantial scale as the second largest private market infrastructure managers in the world, with $170 billion in client assets. We have differentiated performance. GIP brings a track record of well-timed and disciplined entries into strategic exits, having returned over $45 billion of capital to investors. With higher rates, distributions to paid-in capital are a critical measure of success in where we are an industry leader. The combination of BlackRock’s infrastructure platform with GIP is already unlocking meaningful opportunity for our clients. We recently announced our partnership with Microsoft and MGX to launch the Global AI Infrastructure Investment Partnership. We will make investments in new and expanded data centers to meet growing demand for compute power. We will also invest in energy infrastructure needed to create new sources of power for these facilities. Mobilizing private capital to build AI infrastructure like data centers and power will unlock a multi-trillion dollar long-term investment opportunity. BlackRock is uniquely positioned at the center of this opportunity through our longstanding relationships with corporates, including hyperscalers and energy suppliers and governments around the world. We look forward to be working with our stakeholders in this ecosystem to navigate opportunities and challenges while we also are delivering investment returns for our clients. This partnership is a powerful demonstration on how our expanded capabilities will enable us to do even more with our clients investing in one of the largest growth imperatives in the coming decades. In addition to infrastructure, private credit is an important component of our client's portfolio. We've grown our own broader private market -- private debt business organically and inorganically in recent years. Today we manage over $85 billion in diversified across lending, investment grade, private placement, infrastructure and real estate debt. And we've been a top 10 fundraiser over the last decade. BlackRock’s nearly $4 trillion in assets across public fixed income cash and private credit means we both provide integrated fixed income solutions for our clients and deliverable scale benefits. Our scale enhance our proprietary deal sourcing access to the execution of deal flow, deeper liquidity, lowering trading costs, all of which benefits each and every one of our clients. Private markets have mainly been accessible to institutional investors while private wealth holding underweight by comparison. For many wealth investors, the addition of private markets to the portfolio may provide diversification benefits to better returns. To help bridge this gap, we recently announced a partnership with a Partners Group to develop a first-of-its-kind private markets model portfolio solution. We believe it will transform retail access by enabling financial advisors and their clients to add broad-based exposures to the private markets, including to the BlackRock funds. We continue to innovate new investment strategies to improve private market access for our clients backed by our own investment expertise, our proprietary sourcing of deals, and our technology. As market complexities and opportunities grow, clients need to scale enablers like Aladdin. Clients use Aladdin to consolidate a patchwork of legacy technologies resulting in greater and better business agility and resilience. It combines risk management, the investment book of record, its performance, its accounting, its risk, and data all on one platform. Clients research shows that Aladdin's scalable capabilities allow clients to grow faster, operate more efficiently, better risk management with their technology spend over the long term. The power of Aladdin is resonating with both asset owners and managers. The ACV growth reflected several significant client mandates, including a large public asset manager, and one of our largest Aladdin assignments ever. Aladdin is core to the consistent performance our portfolio managers deliver for clients. We leverage our investment insights and technology to bring the performance they demand and deserve. Flows into BlackRock active strategies accelerated in the third quarter with $28 billion of net inflows, bringing our year-to-date total of $39 billion. This includes demand for active equities led by our high-performing quant strategies, where more than 90% of the AUM is above the one, three, and five year period. Across asset classes, investment performance remains strong over the long run. This is resonating in our active flows and our liquid performance fees, and performance positions us well for future growth. Index ETFs are increasingly being used with an active management and the ETF structure is being used to pair the alpha generation of leading investors with the liquidity, tax efficiency and transparency offered by ETFs. These dynamics are contributing to client demand globally for iShares ETFs. BlackRock generated in the third quarter ETF net inflows of $97 billion. ETF flows were positive across all segments and major regions, including double-digit organic growth in Europe. There's more to come with the fourth quarter, which typically brings our seasonally strongest period of the year. iShares fixing an ETF platform recently cost $1 trillion in assets, and standalone, it would be a top-five bond manager by itself. Assets have nearly doubled over the last five years. All of that growth has been organic and mostly in a flat to down fixed income beta environment. A more normalized, relatively high rate environment has the potential to encourage investors back even more into fixed income. We continue to innovate in our exchange traded products to provide better access to markets. This quarter we launched our Ethereum ETF which has garnered more than $1 billion of net inflows in the first two months of trading. It follows the successful launch of our Bitcoin product, which has now grown to $23 billion in its first nine months. And we will continue to pioneer new products to be making investing easier and more affordable. On October 1st, 1999, BlackRock listed on the New York Stock Exchange for $14 a share. Today, we're trading somewhere around $960. When we went public, it was with a belief in the importance of growth and the depth of the global capital markets. We wanted to share our success with a broader population of people investing for the future, including our employees that all still holds true today. Our relentless focus on clients, having a growth mindset and a willingness to change and evolve has generated a compounded annual total return of over 20% for our shareholders since our IPO 25 years ago. BlackRock has exceeded the total return of the S&P 500 in 19 of those 25 years, representing a business model to serve all our stakeholders. We are better positioned than ever to serve our clients and to deliver growth for our shareholders in the years to come. I've never felt more optimistic in our positioning as I do today, even after 25 years of being a public firm and 37 years of being a firm. I want to thank all the BlackRock employees for their commitment to upholding our culture and serving our clients with excellence. And again, we welcome our new colleagues and clients from GIP. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America.
Martin S. Small: Hey, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Martin. Hope everyone's doing well. So my question is on the net flow trajectory. From your broad-based client conversations and your current institutional and funded wind pipeline, do you expect the acceleration of re-risking activity continue into next year post the election? And if your long-term net flows strengthen or stay strong given that they're already pretty strong in the third quarter. Should we expect any outflows in your money market business, which I know might be somewhat protected given the institutional scale?
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Craig, for the question. So new inflows are strong, as you said, very healthy on any and all of the measures we track. No question, Craig, we're winning share with our clients. The $221 billion of Q3 flows, they showed great breadth across the business. Positive flows in U.S. active fixed income mutual funds, systematic equity, LifePath target date. Larry talked about just our long-term active business really shows resilience. Since 2019, I think we've had positive active flows in 18 of 23 quarters. So, we just continue to have a very strong flow performance, 25% higher than full year 2023, and we still have this seasonally strong Q4 ahead. So, we feel like a very healthy trajectory on asset growth. It's an affirmation for us that we're focused on the right things with clients. And I think for where we are in the cycle, BlackRock's always been a meaningful out performer in re-risking periods. So going back to previous election cycles or central bank action, if you look at BlackRock, we had outsized upside capture if that was in 2017, 2018, 2021, and we saw very strong organic asset growth as well as organic base fees growth that was over our long-term targets. So we see that the market and we think the world is lining up for that with our clients. And then with respect to money markets, our business is largely institutional. It's been very durable. The $61 billion of flows that's come there I think have been good. The trajectory has been very strong this year. I think Craig when we look at it, our money market fund business is at $850 billion today. It's nearly 70% bigger than it was five years ago. Cash is a meaningful part of client portfolios, but we're seeing that sort of return to fixed income as well, which has been good for the flow trajectory.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just add one thing is, as the global capital markets become a larger player in the economic activity here and other places in the world, the opportunity for us and our positioning for us is fantastic. And that will allow the backdrop for better flows and more exciting opportunities.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey good morning.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, congratulations on the strong quarter here. Great to see the meaningful operating leverage as well in the quarter. Just curious how you're pacing investments spent here into 2025. How is that evolving? And what are some of the levers to drive margining in the 12 to 18 months? Maybe you can update us on where you are along the journey of variablizing your expenses.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Mike. I appreciate it. It’s Martin. So just contextually, right, our approach to shareholder value creation is to generate industry-leading differentiated organic growth, to drive operating leverage and industry-leading margins and to execute on a consistent capital management strategy. We've got a strong track record at BlackRock of investing in the business for growth and scale, while also expanding profitability. It's not just about growth, it's about profitable growth over the long term. As our growth comes from being very disciplined in making and managing continued investments in our business. We've dubbed this our financial rubric, which I mentioned. We size our operating investments in line with a prudent lens on organic growth potential. We're aiming to put more flexibility in our cost base and variablizing more expenses where we can, and we've made a lot of progress there. And most importantly, we're looking to generate fixed cost scale, especially through investments in technology. We've got a consistent track record of delivering industry leading margins and improving them. And I'd say the scale indicators, they're really coming through the results. We generated 350 basis points of margin expansion year-over-year, while operating income rose 26%. And since the end of 2022, BlackRock assets under management are up $3 trillion, while headcount is broadly flat. So we're delivering the benefits of scale and productivity which showing our margin expansion. We continue to believe that technology, automation, firm foot printing are the major levers there for us to continue to drive that margin expansion. The last thing I'd say is just market movements, market movements beta, that's our highest margin item, both when markets move meaningfully up or down. And we continue to see conditions for reasonably positive growth in the markets over the near to intermediate term. So we believe we can continue to invest to accelerate organic growth and deliver margin expansion using this financial rubric that we've laid out.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, Larry. Hey, Martin. Good morning.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Alex. How are you?
Alex Blostein: I'm good, thanks. Question for you guys on private markets, there's a couple of topics, but maybe starting with GIP, helpful to maybe just to get a market to market on some of the financial elements. I know Martin, you talked about $250 million, I think, in management fees in the fourth quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how you see that evolving into 2025? What are some of the kind of fun flow dynamics on the legacy GIP side and what are some of the things that you guys are working with them together? And also if you could just remind us what the operating margin on that business is as well out of the gate as well. Thanks.
Martin S. Small: Thanks Alex. So just the closing of GIP, it's a great milestone in BlackRock's history. We're really excited to welcome over 400 new colleagues, to welcome the leadership team, Adebayo, Raj, Michael, John, everybody. Our clients are excited. The consultants that we've been working with are excited. The corporate partners are excited. So we're really eager to partner on this new platform. And the reception, as Larry mentioned, has been overwhelmingly positive. For us, this is a revenue growth story. This is about expanding capabilities. We're working to unlock substantial growth synergies across origination, capital formation, and platform scale. We're seeing excellent momentum in fundraising for -- across the platform at GIP, at BlackRock, and have, I'd say, really strong ambitions, especially around the AI Innovation Fund that Larry mentioned. As I mentioned on the call in my earlier remarks, we're consolidating $116 billion of GIP AUM, client AUM, $70 billion of fee-paying AUM. We're doubling private markets run rate management fees at BlackRock in the transaction. Think about GIP adding, as we said on the call, annualized north of $400 million of earnings at sort of 50-ish percent margins, $250 million in management fees we expect to come in the fourth quarter. So I'd model sort of a $1 billion of fees with an FRE margin north of 50% when we think about 2025 in terms of GIP.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi Dan.
Operator: Caller, your line is open. You may be on mute.
Dan Fannon: Sorry, can you hear me?
Laurence D. Fink: Yes, we can now, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Okay, great. Sorry about that. I was hoping you could discuss your appetite for additional M&A and what constraints you have financially, but more importantly as a management team to appropriately integrate the recent deals and really maximize the opportunity you have with these transactions?
Martin S. Small: All right, thanks so much for the question. As I said, we're really excited for our clients about GIP and Preqin. This is a meaningful accelerant in our private markets capabilities. And I think just, as I mentioned in the last question, it's a major financial contributor for BlackRock, but it's going to take some work to integrate well and realize the plan synergies of the transaction. So right now we're very focused on integrating GIP and closing Preqin, and we're focused on delivering a great integration experience for clients and employees. We've always thought of making organic and inorganic investments in our business. And inorganic is a tool that we have in order to optimize organic growth, but we don't need M&A to meet our organic growth targets. Look at this quarter, we've hit our 5% organic base fee growth target and we see excellent momentum. So, we'll continue to be prudent with our capital and financial position and consistent with our long-term approach. We'll evaluate inorganic opportunities that have the benefit for our clients and shareholders. We're always going to be very rigorous and selective in those criteria and entertain possibilities that have clear alignment with our culture, strategy and long-term organic growth. We have great capabilities here, Dan. So across infrastructure now, we've got $170 billion platform. We have an $85 billion private credit platform. We have a huge opportunity to grow inorganically in private credit with our insurance clients. We're the largest core fixed income manager in the world for insurance companies -- organic, we have the largest organic opportunity to grow -- organic opportunity to grow with our insurance clients. We manage $700 billion of insurance company general account assets for them. So if you think about the conversations we're having with CIOs to integrate our private credit capabilities into that GA. If we can just flip seven -- if we can flip 10% of the $700 billion into private credit strategies, that's $70 billion of opportunity sitting with existing clients with the capabilities that we have today.
Operator: We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. So I think we're all pretty impressed with the broad growth that you keep putting up and huge margins too. So, I want a high-level question. You mentioned the word multiple expansion once or twice during the conversation and it's just -- I think earnings growth needs to be part of the equation too. When you have strong growth and everything, you have big margins. I'm just curious why 5% EPS growth this quarter, should we expect these initiatives as they layer in and you consistently hit your base fee targets to actually bring the earnings growth along with it too. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Martin S. Small: Thanks so much for the question, Glenn. So we're focused on driving differentiated organic growth, meeting our 5% organic growth targets through the cycle driving operating leverage. And as you said, I think you see those results very much coming through. We think if we are able to drive 5% organic growth, continue to execute on this financial rubric I laid out. We should be able to drive industry-leading margins and margin expansion and double-digit EPS growth. I think in the quarter, I mentioned our effective tax rate was 26% in the quarter. And that's the main driver between some of that lighter EPS here was the $22 million of discreet expense that we had in this quarter versus the $215 million of benefit that we had last year from discreet.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi Brian.
Brian Bedell: Hi, good morning. Congrats on a great quarter. Maybe just back to the 5% organic base fee growth and maybe a different angle on this in terms of the fee rate. Obviously, the rate is going up with the GIP acquisition of that 0.5 to 1 basis point. Do you feel better now than you have maybe in a long time on the potential for the fee rate to either be stable or even move up sequentially in the next several years versus the fee pressure that you've seen. And I know it's all been due to mix in the past, but now the composition of your future organic growth seems to be tilted more towards the private markets, towards higher fee products versus, obviously, some of the lower mandates that you've been bringing in and also the core iSeries -- iShares, [Core Series] (ph) iShares, sorry. So bottom line is, do you feel better about that fee rate growth potential? And maybe if you can just touch on the model portfolios partnership as well in terms of the organic growth potential there.
Martin S. Small: Absolutely. Thanks so much for the question. So we generated 5% annualized organic base fee growth in the quarter. So 5% annualized organic base fee growth. We're excited about that. Continue to see great momentum just in our organic growth. We're growing revenues and operating income at double digit rates and expanding margin. Average AUM growth was 18% higher than base fee growth, and that was mainly due to relative outperformance of lower fee rate US equities, or what you all in our analyst community would call divergent beta. So spot AUM of $11.5 trillion ended the quarter about 4% higher than average AUM. And so our annualized effective fee rate was approximately four-tenths of a basis point lower sequentially. More macro just on the fee rate. On our AUM, the fee rate, it's a backward-looking output basically of the mix of the stock of assets that we manage and net new flows and net new fields on the fee rate. It's primarily affected by beta and FX and also by organic growth. And so over more recent periods, US public equity markets, which are a lower fee rate segment, They've grown faster than international equities. And that's been a driver of these fee rate trends on our platform. And in those environments of strong US equities, also the new base fee growth tends to occur at relatively lower fields to international or EM equities. Fee rate for us, it's primarily an output. It's not the basis or driver of the strategy. We're focused on meeting client needs across the whole portfolio. We're focused on technology. We're focused on driving organic growth in the most efficient way possible. But I do think you're grabbing on the point that we see, which is as we grow our private markets business, and we're going to go from $170 billion of client AUM with GIP to call it $285 of client AUM, as we grow our private markets business, we would expect to see positive leverage to base fee revenue. We'd expect to see positive leverage to average fee rates and organic growth over time. Going into Q4 ex-GIP, we'd expect the entry rate to be flat. And as I noted, consolidation of the GIP portfolios into our business is expected to lift the fee rate by about a 0.5 to 1 full basis point. So in the longer term, as we see a liquids and private markets as a bigger contributor to our business mix, we would expect that to have positive leverage on the fee rate.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much. Good morning everybody. Happy anniversary. I think I was there at the beginning. Sad to say. Indeed, I remember that meeting like it was yesterday. So question for you, I was very intrigued by your statement about revolutionizing the wealth management opportunity. I was wondering if you could maybe unpack that a little bit. I think you mentioned that the whole portfolio opportunity could be better than everything on the evergreen side to date. And just wondering if you could expand your thinking a little bit just so we get a sense of the magnitude and the opportunity and maybe any go-to-market strategy we should be thinking about as we look into the new year? Thank you.
Martin S. Small: Thank you. Thanks, Bill, very much. Very much appreciate the question. So we have strong relationships in wealth and retail markets across the globe. Our aims to help wealth managers build long-term portfolios that blend public and private markets exposures. I think if you go back to the last several investor days we've had, we've talked about building the portfolio of the future for wealth managers, which is digitally enabled, it's public-private, and this market, I think, is still very early. Retail allocation to private markets still remains in low single digits. Just on capabilities for us here, we have a great established leading franchise in retail liquid alternatives. We've got over $40 billion of assets here across merger [ARB] (ph), systematic multi-strategy commodity exposures. We've had a lot of success in bringing retail [alts] (ph) to retirement in the UK and Europe through the LTIF and LTAP for structures. We've been building out our evergreen and credit integral funds here in the United States. We have a credit strategies integral fund [CredEx] (ph). We have a non-traded credit BDC [BDET] (ph), which are combined to be over a $1 billion today. BDET's well placed for RIAs, independent broker dealers, offshore wealth. We think this can be a strong grower for us. But as you said, longer term, our aspiration is to integrate semi-liquid products into our over $300 billion of managed models and SMAs. That would be the most significant unlock and we feel competitive advantage we have. It's at the heart of the models venture that we've entered into with Partners Group. But I'd say, it's consistently, it's part of the partnerships we have with InvestNet, with GOL, with iCapital, with Case, with Vesmark. Our goal is to make model portfolios seamless in terms of public-private in the same way we've been able to do that with ETF and mutual fund active model portfolios. So we have a lot more work to do on that, but we're excited about the opportunity.
Laurence D. Fink: Bill, let me add more to that answer. As we believed when we acquired BGI that ETS would become the instrument of so much of the activity in the capital market that it's really been that way. Even in 2012 when we said ETS are going to be expanding heavily in fixed income to the surprise of so many people and we crossed $1 trillion from that. What we are seeing now in private markets of blending of public and private and that's going to continue to blend. Institutional clients are going to be looking at measurements of liquidity, and they're going to be trading in between public and private. That will become the new domain. And so, we're not going to look at private markets in the same way. Like we're not going to say there are alternatives. They're just part of the marketplace itself. And one of the reasons why we were so driven to acquire Preqin, we believe that data and analytics will accelerate that movement of making public and private ubiquitous together and what we're going to look at is liquidity as the driver of risk. And so, we're going to be blending liquidity from the public markets, the liquidity of the private markets and making risk assessments. And if through the data analytics that we could have combining Preqin, Aladdin and eFront, if we could build that platform into more transparency in privates, more opportunities for privates, this idea of the blending in public and privates will become a reality, just like the reality of how ETFs became the driving force of so many of the markets now, and we believe that will happen too, but it's going to happen with the acceleration of data and analytics. So when you think about these retail platforms that will be driving more private type of exposures, it will accelerate only when we have better data analytics transparency indexing and that is a major component of our strategy going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Budish with Barclays.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey Ben, good morning.
Ben Budish: Good morning and thank you for having me on the call. I wanted to ask about your ambitions in digital assets to maybe change it up a little bit. It seems like one way or another we're going to have a new president next year who's going to be more friendly to the industry. And while it could take some time to see new rules and regulations, I'm just wondering, what do you see as the key opportunities for BlackRock that this change in posture from Washington could unlock sort of beyond the ETF business and some of the other custody things you do? Thank you.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, first, I'm not sure if either president or other candidate would make a difference. I do believe the utilization of digital assets are going to become more and more of a reality worldwide. Conversations we’re having with institutions worldwide, conversations about how should they think about digital assets, what type of asset allocation there should be. We believe Bitcoin is asset class in itself, it is an alternative to other commodities like gold. And so I think the application of this form of investment will be expanded. Two, the role of Ethereum as a blockchain can grow dramatically. So if we can create more acceptability, more transparency, more analytics related to these assets, then it will be expanded. But I truly don't believe it's a function of regulation, of more regulation, less regulation. I think it's a function of liquidity, transparency, and then through that process, no different than when you -- years ago when we started the mortgage market, years ago when the high yield market occurred, started off very slow, but it built as we build better analytics and data and then through better analytics and data, more acceptance and a broadening of the market. And I truly believe we will see a broadening of the market of these digital assets. And then we'll see how does each and every country look at their own digital currency. That's a very different asset than a Bitcoin in itself. But I do believe what we're going to witness as we build out better analytics. And then the question is, as you mentioned, regulation. How do we see in this country the role of digitizing the dollar? And what role does that play? That's a very different question related to, let's say, Bitcoin and other items like that. But all of that is going to be under discussion. And what we're witnessing in other countries that we're seeing big success in India and Brazil in the digitization of their own currency for various different reasons. But we believe the technology of these blockchains are going to become very additive. And then it will overlay AI and having better data analytics. The applicability and the broadening of these markets will occur.
Operator: We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Curious whether you all have seen any changes in the RFP activity on the fixed income side. There's recently been some regulatory issues at a large institutional bond manager. So kind of curious about what you're seeing in the market there on the back of that?
Laurence D. Fink: So if you look at our announcement this quarter, we announced we won a $30 billion mandate from a pension fund. It is not uncommon to see big, large changes in the marketplace. I don't want to talk about one client or another client or what's happening with one manager versus another manager. There is no question, money is in motion. Rob Capito talks about this a lot. We are seeing this. There's a very large institutional mandate that are going to be up for -- there's an RFP right now. And so, I don't look at this as any different. Obviously there are some issues around that are in the press, but money in motion occurs every quarter. There are large opportunities every quarter. And I think one thing that we see consistently as OCIO mandates occur, they're occurring with more regularity and with more opportunity. And this is away from the topic that you brought up. But it's important to just note this is not uncommon seeing large blocks of business moving around. And I'll leave it at that.
Operator: At this time, this does concludes today's Q&A session. And I'd like to turn the call back to Larry Fink for any additional or closing remarks.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock over these last 25 years. Our third quarter results are possible because of the global network of relationships we've created, our data analytics that are differentiated by all imagination, and importantly our integrated technology that we built over many, many years. We have a long history of good integration, whether it is integration of BGI, Malim, Aperio, eFront, and now we're working on a successful close and integration of GIP. And we expect the same thing of a closing and integration of Preqin around year end. And I believe our position has never been better. And I believe as we look forward in delivering strong performance for our clients, we will create differentiated growth for you, our shareholders, in the coming years ahead. Everybody, thank you and have a nice and positive quarter. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-15 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been made on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, Chris. I'd like to begin by addressing what occurred over the weekend. The assassination attempt on former President Trump is abhorrent. I was very relieved he wasn't seriously injured, and I'm thinking about the victims of this shooting, especially the innocent person who was killed. As I wrote to my BlackRock colleagues in the hours immediately following the horrific event Saturday evening, we must condemn political violence of any kind, period. And as Americans, we must stand united to do our part to promote civility and unity for our country and provide hope for all Americans. I'll turn it over to Martin now.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Larry, and good morning, everyone. Before I turn it back to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results for the second quarter of 2024. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results. I'll be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. The first half and second quarter of 2024 saw some of BlackRock's strongest performance and highest growth rates of the post-pandemic period. We're growing faster than last year. We delivered double-digit operating income growth and expanded our margin by 160 basis points year-over-year. Clients entrusted us with over $80 billion of net new assets. It was $150 billion of flows excluding episodic client activity. We generated 3% annualized organic base fee growth, our highest second quarter in three years. We ended the second quarter with record AUM of over $10.6 trillion. Our business tends to be seasonally stronger in the back half of the year and we have line of sight into a broad global opportunity set of new asset management and technology mandates that should fuel premium organic growth. We're executing on the strongest opportunities we've ever seen in our core business and building for the future. We're moving swiftly and aggressively to position our firm to achieve or exceed our 5% organic base fee growth target over the long term. At the same time, we're putting the future building blocks of accelerated all-weather organic growth, that's private markets and technology. We're putting them into place with our planned acquisitions of Global Infrastructure Partners and Preqin. We're building our mix towards higher secular growth areas like private markets, technology, whole portfolio mandates, and model portfolios powered by both ETFs and active. We believe this will deliver greater diversification and resilience in revenue and earnings through market cycles. Through strong organic growth and scaling of our private markets and technology platforms, we believe we can drive compelling earnings growth and multiple expansion for our shareholders. We continue to build with our clients and more than $10.6 trillion in assets under management, $10.6 trillion units of trust, BlackRock's platform is becoming the premier long-term capital partner across public and private markets. We're connecting investors, corporates and the public sector to the power of the capital markets. Through the iShares and indexing platforms, we've developed longstanding relationships, highly aligned shareholder relationships with global corporates. Through our advisory and technology capabilities, we are a trusted partner to governments and the public sector. These relationships are creating a wealth of opportunities for unique transactions, especially in infrastructure and private markets, and they benefit our clients' portfolios, they fuel organic growth. In the second quarter, we saw equity markets power to another record high and more clients starting to re-risk. Investors waiting in cash have missed out on significant equity market returns over the last year and more investors are stepping back into risk assets. BlackRock is a [sheer] (ph) winner when there's assets in motion. Periods when investors are eager to deploy capital are historically when BlackRock's platform sees its most outsized growth. Clients are coming to BlackRock as a thought leader, as a partner as they rethink their portfolios and investment technology. We continue to execute on a strong set of large opportunities that are contracted near-funding or in late-stage contracting. And over the past few months, the slate of client mandates we've been chosen for is the most broad and diversified has been in years across active equity and fixed income, customized liquidity accounts, private markets and multi-product Aladdin assignments. BlackRock generated total net inflows of $82 billion in the second quarter, representing 3% annualized organic asset and 3% annualized organic base fee growth. Flows were impacted by an approximately $20 billion active fixed-income redemption from a large insurance client linked to M&A activity. Excluding this single client specific item and low fee institutional index equity flows, we saw nearly $150 billion of total net inflows in the quarter. Second quarter revenue of $4.8 billion was 8% higher year-over-year, driven by positive organic base fee growth and the impact of market movements on average AUM over the last 12 months. Higher performance fees and technology services revenue also contributed to revenue growth. Operating income of $1.9 billion and earnings per share of $10.36 were each up 12% year-over-year. Non-operating results for the quarter included $113 million of net investment gains, driven primarily by non-cash mark-to-market gains on our unhedged seed capital investments and minority investments. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 24%. We continue to estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2024. The actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Second quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.9 billion was up 7% year-over-year and reflected positive organic base fee growth and the impact of market appreciation on our average AUM, partially offset by lower securities lending revenue. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was up 3%, reflecting higher average AUM and 3% annualized organic base fee growth in the current quarter. Our annualized effective fee rate was flat compared to the first quarter. Ending spot AUM was 2% higher than quarterly average AUM as market sharply recovered after April declines. Performance fees of $164 million increased 39% from a year ago, driven by both liquid alternatives and long-only products. Quarterly technology services revenue was up 10% compared to a year ago and up 5% sequentially, reflecting successful client go lives. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 10% year-over-year, reflecting sustained demand for our full range of Aladdin technology offerings. 80% of new logo sales this year have come from opportunities, including multiple products. We have a strong multi-product pipeline and remain committed to low- to mid-teens ACV growth over the long term. Preqin is expected to accelerate planned technology services ACV growth within our target range. Total expense increased 5% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher incentive compensation, G&A, and sales, asset and account expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 4% year-over-year, reflecting higher incentive compensation as a result of higher operating income and performance fees. G&A expense was up 7% year-over-year, primarily due to the timing of technology spend in the prior year and higher professional services expense. Sales, asset and account expense increased 4% compared to a year ago, primarily driven by higher direct fund expense. Direct fund expense increased 4% year-over-year and 6% sequentially, primarily as a result of higher average ETF AUM. Our as-adjusted operating margin of 44.1% was up 160 basis points from a year ago, reflecting the positive impact of markets on revenue and organic growth this quarter. As markets improve, we expect execution on our financial rubric to drive profitable growth and operating leverage. In-line with our guidance in January and excluding the impact of Global Infrastructure Partners, Preqin and related transaction costs, at present, we would expect our headcount to be broadly flat in 2024 and we would also expect a low- to mid-single digit percentage increase in 2024 core G&A expense. Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business to either scale strategic growth initiatives or drive operational efficiency, and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. At times, we may make inorganic investments where we see an opportunity to accelerate growth and support our strategic initiatives. We repurchased $500 million worth of common shares in the second quarter, which exceeded our planned run rate as we saw attractive relative valuation opportunities in our stock. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year consistent with our previous guidance in January. At present, we'd expect our planned acquisition of GIP to close in the third quarter of 2024, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. And just a few weeks ago, we announced our planned acquisition of Preqin, marking both an extension of our private markets capabilities and a launching point into the adjacent fast-growing private markets data segment. We expect it will accelerate the growth and revenue contribution of technology services. The bigger longer-term opportunity is leveraging our engines in Aladdin and indexing with our capital markets expertise to build the machine for the indexing of private markets. With the creation of public benchmarks did to drive stock markets, especially visible through iShares, we believe the combination of BlackRock and Preqin can do for private markets. The momentum we spoke to last quarter is visible in our flows with $82 billion of total net inflows in the second quarter, which include the previously mentioned large outflow from one client. Excluding that single client outflow, flows were positive across product types and active in index. BlackRock led the ETF industry in flows for the first half of 2024 and the second quarter, and our flows are more diversified by product type, channel and region than any other issuer. Second quarter BlackRock ETF net inflows of $83 billion were led by fixed income and core equity ETFs, which saw $34 billion and $32 billion of net inflows, respectively. Precision ETFs added net inflows of $14 billion in the quarter, as clients reassessed their tactical portfolio allocations, adding exposures to growth equity. BlackRock's Bitcoin ETF continues to lead, gathering another $4 billion in the second quarter for $18 billion of net inflows in its first six months. Retail net inflows of $6 billion reflected continued strength in Aperio and broad-based net inflows into active fixed income. Aperio recently crossed the $100 billion AUM milestone, logging over 20% organic growth since we acquired the business a little over three years ago. As fee-based fiduciary wealth advisors grow across the world, managed model portfolios are the main way in which wealth managers are looking to scale their practices and better serve their clients. BlackRock has the leading models business and we grow through distribution of our own models, as well as through distribution of third-party models that typically include strong allocations to iShares. Our partnership with Envestnet continues to help Envestnet advisors grow and to drive assets into BlackRock products through models. In the second quarter, we saw our best net sales month on the platform in nearly three years and have generated 20% annualized organic growth in 2024. Last month, Envestnet and BlackRock announced new programs to expand personalized investment strategies on the Envestnet platform across direct indexing, models and portfolio consulting. Also in June, we announced a partnership with GeoWealth to expand our custom models offerings, which represents the fastest-growing model segment. The custom models offered through GeoWealth's platform will provide advisors with a streamlined and scalable approach that combines public and private markets in one portfolio solution. Institutional active net outflows of $2 billion were impacted by the previously mentioned single client redemption. We saw the funding of several whole portfolio assignments and strength in private markets as clients seek out and leverage our comprehensive multi-alternatives platform. Institutional index net outflows of $35 billion were concentrated in low fee index equities. Several large clients, mostly outside the United States, rebalanced their portfolios amid record levels for equity markets. Private markets generated net inflows of $2 billion. Continued demand for our infrastructure and private equity solutions were partially offset by successful realizations of about $4 billion, primarily from private equity strategies. Finally, cash management net inflows of $30 billion were driven by government and international prime funds. Flows benefited in part from clients reinvesting in cash strategies in early April after redeeming balances during the last week of March. Net inflows included multiple large new client mandates, as connectivity between our cash and capital markets teams allows us to deliver clients holistic advice and market insight. Our scale and active approach for clients around their liquidity management are driving sustained growth in our cash platform. BlackRock's strategy and platform evolution, they're rooted in our convictions about future client needs, about required investment capabilities, about technology, about scale generation. Teams across BlackRock are connected in delivering on significant client opportunities, driving product innovation and operating more nimbly and efficiently. Momentum continues to build across our platform. We're better positioned than ever to grow our share with clients and deliver profitable growth for our shareholders. I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, Martin. BlackRock's core business growth is the strongest we've seen in nearly three years, with a significant upward shift ever since our last earnings call in April. Second quarter core net inflows were approximately $150 billion, excluding lower fee episodic M&A and institutional index activities. Our structural growers areas, like ETFs, models, Aladdin and private markets, are powering steadily higher organic base fee growth. Organic base fee growth represented the best second quarter since 2021. 2024 has been our ETF strongest start in a year on record with $150 billion of net inflows and iShares' June flows were the strongest month in our history and for any other issuer. We are executing on landmark mandates across our platform and on closing our planned acquisitions of GIP and Preqin. Client and stakeholder feedback on both GIP and Preqin has been increasingly enthusiastic. We are on a differentiated path to transform our capabilities and infrastructure and to meet the growing need for private market technology, data and benchmarking. We believe this will deepen our relationships with our clients and deliver value to you, our shareholders. Our growth in private markets provides a whole new engine for premium diversified organic growth and less beta-sensitive revenues, both of which should drive future earnings and multiple expansion. We have strong conviction we are on pace to reach our 5% organic base fee growth target. And the expected third quarter closing of GIP will add on to our organic base fee growth potential, doubling our private markets base fees and adding approximately $100 billion of AUM focused on infrastructure. At BlackRock, we always intensely push ourselves to anticipate where markets are going, what clients will need and how we can deliver better outcomes in better ways to each and every client. We set the standard for buy-side risk management technology by launching Aladdin on the desktops of investors over 20 years ago. We acquired BGI and iShares to redefine whole portfolio investing by blending both active and indexing to build better outcome-oriented portfolio. iShares AUM was about $300 billion when we announced our acquisition in 2009. Today, iShares is approaching $4 trillion of client money. We recently celebrated the five year anniversary of the eFront acquisition, where ACV has now more than doubled since becoming part of BlackRock. We have never been shy about taking big, bold, strategic moves to transform ourselves and most importantly to transform our industry. Our successful business transformations are delivering our strong performance today and opening up meaningful new growth markets for our clients and for our shareholders. We continue on our mission to transform private markets. BlackRock is unique in delivering an integrated approach to help our clients across all aspects of private market investing, enabling a seamless view into investment management, into technology and data onto one single platform. With a strong common culture of serving clients with excellence, together with GIP, we will deliver for our clients a holistic global infrastructure manager across equities, debt and solutions. We will provide the full range of infrastructure sector exposures and we will offer our unique origination across developed and emerging world markets. Our recently announced agreement to acquire Preqin is another step in the transformation of our private markets and technology platform. As private markets grow, data and analytics will become increasingly more important. We believe our planned acquisition of Preqin will help to compete the whole portfolio by delivering high-quality data integrated with workflows. Ultimately, this should drive increased accessibility and efficiencies in private markets. And the combination of Preqin with Aladdin and eFront presents an opportunity to find a common language for private markets, powering the next generation of whole portfolios. We envision we could bring the principles of indexing to the private markets through standardization of data, through benchmarking and through better performance tools. BlackRock has developed a broad network of global corporate relationships through our many years of long-term investments in both their debt and equity. For companies where we are investors, they appreciate that we are long-term, consistent, always-there capital. We are not transactional. We invest early and we stay invested through cycles. Whether it's debt or equity, pre IPO, post IPO, companies recognize the uniqueness of our global relationship, our brand and our expertise across markets and industries. This makes us a valuable partner, in turn unlocks the opportunity and performance we could provide for clients. Unique deal flow and track record of successful exits create a flywheel effect, enabling future fundraising and more scaled funds. Corporates and clients increasingly want to work with BlackRock, and we are executing on the best opportunity sets we've seen in years across iShares, private markets, whole portfolio solutions and Aladdin. Importantly, our business has great breadth with organic growth diversified across our platform. In the first half of 2024, flows were positive in active and index and across all asset classes. Our active platform, including alternatives, contributed $11 billion. ETF remains a secular growth driver, processing $150 billion of net inflows, and already representing more than 70% of our total flows of last year. And our technology services revenue grew double-digit in the first half of the year. Importantly, we have notified fundings for a number of scaled institutional wealth management that we expect to fund over the coming quarters. For example, in the second quarter, we were selected to manage a $10 billion US corporate plan, a multi-billion fixed-income portfolio for a large defined benefit scheme and scientific active equity strategies for several global financial clients. These add to the global mandates which we have seen -- that we have been chosen over the last six months, including a large US RIA, a UK pension fund, a European captive asset management are just a few examples, as we look to onboard these mandates and more in future quarters and delivering the outcomes of our clients and their constituents and what they need. Growing business momentum across our scaled asset management and technology platform is driving strong financial results. BlackRock's operating income was up 12% year-over-year or 160 basis points of margin expansion. Earnings per share was up 12%, and we remain committed to delivering differentiated organic growth at a premium margin to our investors. We continue to generate leading organic growth and our operating margin of 44.1% is over 10 points above the traditional peer average. [indiscernible] 5% yields in cash have kept many investors overweight in cash and nearly $9 trillion still sits in money market funds. Those waiting in cash would have missed out on a broad stock market returns of over 26% over the last year, including 17% so far in 2024. Long-term outcomes and future liability matching needs more than a 5% return. Investors will have to re-risk, which should improve flows into equities and credit markets. BlackRock is always a sheer winner when assets are in motion and a meaningful outperformer in periods of investors re-risking. BlackRock operates from a position of strength. We have a clear path to our 5% organic base fee growth target and we're transforming ourselves to build a firm that can exceed that target. Clients increasingly see the value in the BlackRock model, a single unified platform designed for clients unmatched in breadth, powered by BlackRock and totally built on trust. And it goes beyond clients simply wanting to do more with BlackRock. They are looking for a partner that innovates and helps them grow. The world's largest asset owners want deep strategic partnerships, increased customization and innovation, approaching that might include a creative co-investment opportunities and co-development of strategies. BlackRock's Decarbonization Partners, joint venture with Temasek, is one example of this type of relationship. In the second quarter, we announced that its inaugural fund had a final close above its fundraising target raising $1.4 billion. The first-time fund attracted over 30 institutional clients representing 18 countries. The diversity and debth of the investor base is a testament to our long-standing client relationships and strength of our team. Insurers represent some of our most long-standing relationships in clients and we are leveraging our insurance expertise and diversified global platform to deliver fixed-income technology and increasingly private market solutions. BlackRock manages nearly $700 billion in long-term AUM for insurance clients. And we are the industry leader in managing core fixed income for insurance companies general accounts. Insurance CIOs are expanding their mandate with BlackRock to include private markets and structured assets. Just a few weeks ago, we awarded our first large-scale general account allocation for a private structured credit mandate. We also had success with insurers and dedicated SMAs for infrastructure debt where we have differentiated capabilities. We have deep long-standing relationships across our insurance client channel with a dedicated insurance portfolio management team. We see significant opportunity to work more closely with our insurance clients as we leverage our GA business as a potential durable source of long-term capital for our private debt franchises. The industrial logic that informed our planned acquisition of GIP has only begun even clear in the last six months. There is a generational demand for capital and infrastructure, including the finance data centers for AI and for energy transition. Private capital will be critical in the meeting these infrastructure needs both standalone and through public private partnerships. Clients' reception to GIP has been overwhelmingly positive with strong reverse inquiry from clients excited to partner with a newly scaled infrastructure platform. We see particularly strong demand for opportunities in the AI, data centers and energy transition spaces. Through BlackRock's relationships with corporates and sovereigns, BlackRock is at the center of the investment opportunity being shaped by the demand for generative AI. AI cannot truly happen without investments in infrastructure. These technologies require a new generation of upgrade data centers, which will need enormous amounts of energy to power them. With the AI fueled need to build data centers, we see great potential to monetize the 4.3 gigawatts of power production capacity of generational assets currently owned by BlackRock's infrastructure funds. When we talk to leaders in industry and governments, they express their desire to build out data centers, AI, technology, at the same time to decarbonize. Our Diversified Infrastructure fund recently invested in Mainova WebHouse, a first-of-its-kind partnership, to invest in a hyperscale data center platform in Frankfurt, run entirely on renewable energy. And our planned acquisition of GIP will add a number of global data centers assets in our portfolio. We plan to be a leader in this space, leveraging our expertise to drive capital formation and unique deal flow to generate return for our clients. For decades now, BlackRock has helped investors benefit from the growth of the capital markets, supporting their path to financial security and long-term objectives like retirement. Early in the second quarter, we successfully launched LifePath Paycheck with a subset of committed clients. We expect additional commitment plan sponsors to fund over future quarters and we have a very strong late-stage pipeline. More than half the assets we manage are related to retirement. Our growth investments to enhance our capabilities and strategies like active target date and infrastructure underpin our commitment to improving retirement outcomes. BlackRock continues to create more access and connections between long-term investors and capital markets, both in the United States and throughout the world. Early this quarter, we announced an agreement with the Public Investment Fund, the PIF, to launch an investment management platform in Riyadh, which aims to accelerate the development of our local capital markets and enable foreign investment into the region. We expanded our Jio-BlackRock joint venture in India beyond asset management to brokerage and wealth management. And just last month, we joined a new coalition to mobilize infrastructure investments in the Indo-Pacific region alongside GIP and other global investors. In the US, we announced the new opportunity for BlackRock to help expand domestic capital markets by investing in the creation of the Texas Stock Exchange. The exchange aims to facilitate greater access and increase liquidity in US equity capital markets for investors. Our investment builds on a history of investing in similar market structure opportunities for the benefit of BlackRock clients. ETFs will continue to grow as a technology that provides simple efficient access to capital markets, making investments easier for clients of all sizes. Our investments over time are driving accelerated momentum across our ETF platform. Second quarter ETF flows of $83 billion were positive across our core equity, strategic and precision categories. ETF flows of $150 billion in the first half of 2024 represents a best start to the year in iShares' history and are more than double what they were in the first half of last year. BlackRock leads the ETF industry in flows. We are also facilitating market expansion. Our Bitcoin ETF reached nearly $20 billion in its first six months and is the third highest grossing exchange-traded product in the industry this year. Three of the five top asset gathering bond ETFs are iShares and our active ETFs are growing contributors with $12 billion of net inflows in 2024. We remain focused on innovating our product offerings, particularly with active ETFs, growing bond ETFs with extending distribution partnerships to make iShares the provider of choice across all wealth platforms. In June, we expanded access to our alpha-seeking expertise through the launch of active US equities and high-yield ETFs managed by some of our leading investors. And we are partnering with a number of international banks and brokerage platform to expand distribution and access to our products. Examples include our relationship with ETF savings plan providers and our recent selection as a premier partner to Envestnet. From winning our first client to serving millions of investors today, Aladdin has been the technological foundation for how we deliver our clients across our platform. Aladdin isn't just the key technology that power BlackRock, it also powers many of our clients. We see clients increasingly using the technology investments across the fintech and data ecosystems. We're partnering with clients who are increasingly looking for comprehensive technology solutions across their entire portfolio from risk analytics, investment management and to accounting capabilities. The need for integrated investment and risk technology as well as whole portfolio views across public and private markets is driving durable ACV growth. Years ago, we anticipated that clients would benefit when alternative investments were evaluated inside a portfolio-level risk management framework. As allocation to private markets increased, we knew the ability to seamlessly manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on a single platform would be critical. BlackRock invested ahead of these clients' needs, acquiring eFront in 2019 and going on to integrate it with Aladdin to deliver a whole portfolio view. And our planned acquisition of Preqin will expand our capabilities beyond private markets, investment management and technology to data. We see a significant runway ahead as private market allocations from our clients will continue to grow alongside their need for an integrated enterprise-level investment technology, data and analytics. Much of BlackRock's success and our momentum today has come from anticipating and making calls and what our clients will need as they pursue long-term outcomes like retirement and financial security. We constantly innovate, we constantly evolve, we transform ourselves and we make sure we deliver for each and every one of our clients. We've spent decades building our global network of relationships of data and analytics, integrating technology and these are the key differentiations to deepening our relationship with clients and accessing unique investment opportunity and partnerships. With our planned acquisition of GIP and Preqin and core business strength, BlackRock's capability has never been stronger. We have the most comprehensive platform in the asset management industry integrating across public markets, private markets and our Aladdin technology, and we are creating a differentiating private markets approach. We're building what our clients need for success, a skilled private market platform encompassing investment, workflow through eFront and data and risk analytics through Preqin. By bringing together investments, tech, data across public and private markets, we have the opportunity to drive better portfolio outcomes for investors and open up a diversified higher multiple earning streams for our shareholders, you. We look forward to delivering strong performance for our clients along differentiated growth, which will be an opportunity for you, our shareholders. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning, Larry. Hello, everybody. So, lots of optimism on the firm's trajectory for organic growth, and I heard you guys, obviously, echoing maybe some of the comments from last quarter around the strong pipeline and Martin's comments around premium organic growth. So, maybe help contextualize this a little bit more. What did the pipelines look like today? What kind of the timing of some of these conversions that you anticipate? What asset classes? And ultimately, what that means for the firm's organic base fee growth for the back half of '24? Thanks.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Alex. I'll start and I think Larry will add some color. But Q2 organic base fee growth, as I mentioned, was 3%. We had that typically seasonally slow start of the year in Q1. So, 3%, it's just about at our target for where we thought we'd be in May and June. We really see excellent momentum, and I think you got that in Larry's comments. But I'd say on the measures we look at for fee growth velocity sort of last three months, last six months, last 12 months, organic base fee growth, Alex, keeps grinding up by 1 percentage point; it's 1% to 2% and now 3%. And we really feel that markets are on this precipice of a reset. Rate cuts should normalize bond markets, they should normalize fixed-income allocations, they should fuel equities, they should really drive flows. We've been a really meaningful outperformer in these re-risking periods. If I look at sort of previous election cycles, rate reductions, BlackRock had huge upside capture. In '17, '18, '21, we were well above our through-the-cycle targets for organic growth in those periods. And I think when we look at growth, it's going to come from these strong structural growers, and those things grow even faster in supportive markets, ETFs, models, Aladdin, our expanding private markets business. We're closing in and growing our AUM by over $100 billion in private markets with our planned GIP acquisition, and we see that as a huge growth opportunity. So, we'd expect those engines to really capture additional growth that hits our targets, and even on the most modest growth assumptions, I think, for beta end markets to really drive significant differentiated durable earnings and multiple expansion. We look at this all the time as a team. We've achieved our premium organic base fee growth target of 5% on average over the last five years, and BlackRock has a lot of positive leverage to re-risking periods in the market that gives us a great deal of conviction about the path to 5% in the back half of '24 and also our longer-term ambition, I think, to be at 5% or better as we grow private markets and technology.
Laurence D. Fink: Alex, let me just add a little more holistic texture. We have never had more dynamic conversations than we ever had now across the world, across products. I truly believe our positioning in iShares today has never been more robust. Our delivery now of active ETFs, our innovation in crypto, having more precision-type products when there is, I would say, more fragmentation going on in the world allows us to have more conversations with differentiated products for our clients. But the feedback now close -- over six months of feedback of our planned acquisition of GIP and the conversations we're having with some of the most sophisticated investors worldwide has never been more robust about how we could partner, how we could be trying to develop more things. And in my prepared remarks, I talked about the confluence of power and AI and data centers. And I believe this is going to be one of the world's biggest growth engines as we start trying to develop AI for everyone, AI not just for the big powerful organizations, but AI utilization for everybody, for every country in the world, and it's going to require just -- we're talking trillions of dollars of investments. And our conversations with the hyperscalers, our conversations with governments, our conversations with the chiller suppliers, the cogeneration suppliers, the opportunities we have in infrastructure is way beyond I've ever imagined even just seven months ago when we were contemplating the transaction and formalizing it. Our conversations with investors from the most sophisticated sovereign wealth funds to our conversations with the RIA channels, the need for data and analytics across the private sector is only going to be growing, and no firm right now has the position that we have with Aladdin, eFront and now with Preqin that we could assist more and more investors. So, we are taking a differentiated approach that obviously we have done that in the past. And I would just like to just say that, and I said in my prepared remarks, we do these things pretty boldly. When we bought eFront, everybody thought there was a big price and yet we've doubled ACV. Martin talked about Aperio where we crossed over $100 billion in AUM. I do believe -- we've talked about AI at BlackRock AI for Investments. One of the big opportunities I see is going to be systematic equities, where we've had now a 10-year track record of approximately 90% outperformance. And I do believe that we saw now close to about $5 billion of flows. I believe this is only going to be accelerating now. As more and more investors are looking at how can you use AI for investments, and we have one of the finest platforms utilizing AI, utilizing big data. So, I'm very excited about the high-growth potential we have in more and more high-fee products, but I'm just as excited about how we can provide better product across the board utilizing our ETF platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. So, our question is on the outlook for technology services revenue growth. With tech ACV growth at 10%, which is the low-end of your long-term target range, we want to see if you have visibility into the future trajectory given the timing of larger contract wins within your existing pipeline, in conversations with clients. And now that you have Preqin, how will that also impact the 10% to 15% target in 2025 after the deal closes?
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Craig. I'll start and I know Larry will add. Technology, it's just the main engine for investment performance, right? It's the main engine to drive operating leverage. It's what great firms, I think, are using to have great client experiences that fuel growth. And we see a very consistent growth rate in how clients are investing in more technology. I can tell you as a CFO, if I could invest in tech spend, I would. Generally in the marketplace, there's just an acceleration in tech spend across the board. But I think importantly, clients are trying to retire this kind of spaghetti patchwork of legacy systems they have. They want to leverage fewer providers. They want to do deep integrations across the fintech and data ecosystems. They want to have a whole portfolio view across public and private markets. That's always been the thesis of the Aladdin platform. It's how we use it at BlackRock and with our external clients. It was what drove the integration of eFront and Aladdin. And now with Aladdin, eFront and Preqin, we think we have even more opportunities to benefit new clients and the pipeline is very strong. Tech services revenue was up 10% year-on-year, 5% sequentially. As we continue to get the big assignments and new sales from the prior years going live, we expect those revenue numbers to stay strong. Our ACV target, Craig, it's over the long-term. We've achieved it on average since we first started disclosing ACV in 2020. And we think we have a real opportunity to apply and drive indexing principles using Preqin, Aladdin, eFront together across tech data and investments. Preqin is expected to accelerate our planned technology services ACV within our target range. It's going to increase current ACV dollars by about 15%. So, we'll continue to target low- to mid-teens growth in tech services ACV, and we'd expect bringing together Aladdin, eFront and Preqin to be the way that we can get there over the next few years.
Laurence D. Fink: Craig, but our line of sight, we are in conversations right now with probably the broadest and largest potential Aladdin assignments ever had. So, the conversations we're having are with broad deep conversations than we've ever had and much of it has to do -- the serious big giant conversation we're having right now are based on the ability that Aladdin can provide both public and private data analytics. And two, we deliver. There are many examples where people made big, broad promises, and there were years, I want to underline years, delayed in the implementation. We have a deep history of delivering on time. That doesn't mean it doesn't take long time to do it, but we are -- we have a huge reputation because of our expertise in delivering the technology platform on time. These are very big and complex, and we do it very well. And now with the combination of Preqin alongside eFront and Aladdin, we have probably the biggest opportunity we've had in 10 years or more in delivery even a more differentiated technology and analytical platform. And by doing so, it could really then expand our entire platform in towards the benchmarking and indexing. As you know, that's been a province of other organizations. Historically, asset managers were precluded the SEC to be into this business. This is why we were never in this business. Asset management firms can now be in it, as you know, and we create some type of customized index, but we look at this as a unique opportunity now for BlackRock. With our position, with our role, we are going to do this with the same, I would say, industrial fortitude as we did in the early years when we were just an asset manager needing risk analytics, so we did it ourselves and then we are so proud of what we did ourselves, we offered it in the '90s to our clients. We are going to do this in the private markets. And we're going to -- this is going to take time, but I think we have a real ability to provide a very differentiated platform in this and this is something of sheer excitement. And if we succeed, this will add a whole new revenue line on BlackRock's revenue side. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning, Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Mike.
Michael Cyprys: Hey. Just a question on the alts business and GIP with the deal expected to close in the third quarter. Can you just talk about your expectations for flows there in the infrastructure space? What strategies are you in the market raising or could be in the market raising over the next 12 months? And maybe talk about some of the steps that you may be able to take to bring some new products to the marketplace, including extending into the private wealth channel?
Laurence D. Fink: Great question. Thank you. Well, obviously, we are doing whatever we legally can in terms of making sure that we are making sure that there are two operating entities until we get legal approvals and we close. But that being said, BlackRock is having incredible conversations. GIP is having incredible conversations. We have business integration meetings, which were allowed to do. And the enthusiasm between our team and their teams have -- are way beyond our imagination. This feels so fantastic right now between our organizations and the opportunity we have. As we said, we expect this to be announced in the third quarter. Hopefully, later in the third quarter, we have other announcements of things that we could be talking about, but I'm not really permitted to talk about what are the deals, what are the things we're doing. What I need to be just showing you is our incredible enthusiasm that what we have and the opportunities we have and I do believe we will have post-closing some amazing opportunities and then therefore some amazing announcements.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thanks very much for taking the question.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Katz: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for opening comments. Just coming back to the opportunity for Preqin and you sort of think through the evolution of the private markets, how do you sort of see the product evolution? And is there a pathway here for ETFs given the underlying illiquid nature of the investments? Thank you.
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Bill. So, we're extremely excited about this Preqin transaction. We think it really unlocks a whole new segment of growth for our clients, and we think it unlocks a whole new data services segment for BlackRock. And we see really the opportunity to grow Preqin by connecting it with our complementary Aladdin and eFront capabilities, as well as obviously we have a lot of client relationships and significant distribution reach. We'll continue to offer Preqin Pro in the data products as standalones. I think there's really three things that we're focused on here in driving a successful Preqin transaction. The first is simply driving more sales, building out comprehensive fund deal level databases and really integrating data and workflow into a unified platform that better serves clients. The second is, by innovating and launching new data products. I think it's fairly remarkable when you think about the public markets, you think about this symbiotic relationship that risk models and indexes and data have done to create public market indexing, benchmarking, asset allocation, all of those opportunities are ahead of us in the private markets by bringing together risk models, benchmarks and investable indices. We think this opportunity to index the private markets is really one of the most attractive that we've had in the history of BlackRock. And last, we have the ability to drive a lot of scale. We have data factories. Preqin has data factories, not the primary rationale for the transaction, but we really think that we can drive profitable growth, increased scale and efficiency by making this a seamless operating organization. We've had a really good reaction to the transaction from GPs, from LPs, from service providers, all of which who are strong enthusiastic Preqin clients. They're excited about the opportunity to bring together the eFront and Preqin data sets. And so, we think there's a lot of great opportunities here to continue to grow and we're looking forward to closing the Preqin transaction before the end of the year.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just add one more point to that. The inquiries that we've had from big vendors, from exchanges, from different organizations about how can we take what Aladdin, Preqin and eFront has, how can we make that -- how can we -- and how are we going to be able to distribute that and utilize that is a great sign that the ecosystem sees the opportunity that we have. And I don't -- I think it was very clear that because of -- we have eFront and Aladdin, we were just in a very unique position to take this and add it to it. And I think this is one of the real strengths of BlackRock. And now we got to -- obviously, we got to close it and we got to execute upon it, but I'm -- as I said earlier, this is something that we can really be transformational and really change the whole foundation of public and private markets. And if we do what we did for public markets with Aladdin and data, what we did for public markets with ETFs and iShares, if we do that and transform more and more private products into more retail products using our data and analytics, we'll transform the capital markets and that's something that BlackRock has been proud of how we've moved the capital markets and this is just another step for us how we could be additive to the global capital markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up, you talked a lot -- about a lot of momentum across the business. Fixed income has been a topic for some time, flows have been a bit more mixed here year-to-date. I guess in the conversations you're having, do you still see that as one of the big areas of incremental growth as the interest rate environment evolves?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I think, as I said in my prepared remarks, sitting in 5% yield makes a lot of sense unless you put in the -- if your liabilities are long dated, you lost money actually because with equity markets up 24% and 17% this year alone. But that being said, we are beginning to see other clients starting to re-risk and they're re-risking other. And let's be clear, if you look at iShares fixed-income flows, the market was basically flat. If you look at the -- so all the AUM growth in iShares fixed income was really re-risking. And what -- I think this is a good statement saying, one, we're going to see more and more ownership in fixed income through ETFs. That's evolution that's going on. Obviously, you're seeing growth in private markets and private credit that continues on. We are widely bullish as more and more clients are going to be using infrastructure debt. And so, I think you're going to start seeing as all this plays out, like we've seen in equities. We used to talk about equities more of a barbelling effect, I think we're starting to see that here in the bond market where more and more people are in their core fixed-income portfolios, they may continue to just use ETFs as a foundation. And our growth in bond ETFs this year in a flat market is a great example that more and more people are getting fixed-income exposure as a core element they are using ETS more and more. And if they are starting to try to get more beta -- excuse me, more alpha in their fixed income side, excuse me, they're going to do it and they're going to do that in more the illiquid space of private credit, they're going to do that in mortgage-backed securities and they're going to do that in infrastructure debt. So, I believe we're very well positioned for that moment when people are recalibrating out of cash. And it's going to be heavily into fixed income, bond funds, it's going to be also more of the alternative ETFs -- alternative income-oriented products.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Cash management had a strong quarter. To what extent are you seeing or still seeing different and additional institutional clients migrating out of banks to money market funds to get higher yield? And where would you say the global markets are in terms of this transition to higher-yielding forms of cash management? And then to the last question, you called out re-risking a couple of times. Are you seeing re-risking coming out of cash, or is re-risking really a migration within other asset classes either extending duration or going out the risk curve in equities? What are you sort of seeing in terms of that re-risking?
Martin S. Small: Thanks, Ken. It's Martin. So, cash flows, $30 billion, as I mentioned, largely driven by government and international prime funds. We had that dynamic at the end of March and the Good Friday dynamic where clients have come out and then we saw a significant kind of return and an increase in balances in early April. We had multiple large new client mandates. I flagged that the cash platform today is about $780 billion. It's grown more than 50% over the last five years. And investors, they are earning a real return in cash. We expect that investors will re-risk. But I'd say a couple of dynamics we've definitely seen in the platform. Post Silicon Valley Bank, we saw through sort of Cachematrix, we saw in our institutional business, I think clients just being more mindful, tactical and kind of operationally flexible in how they manage cash. We think that largely for an institutional manager like BlackRock that's been a good trend of being able to put together technology and customized liquidity accounts in a way that we can grow. And then, ultimately, we have seen this business grow, but I'd also flag that bond ETFs have been a real surrogate, I think for kind of how clients are managing cash. And as Larry mentioned, over the last year we've seen $100 billion basically of organic growth in bond ETFs, which I think have been used as cash or cash proxies along the way as clients manage their liquidity dynamically across money funds, separate accounts and traded instruments like ETFs.
Laurence D. Fink: But let me add a little more towards the asset allocation into more re-risking. I think it's a mixed bag, Ken, as we said in our prepared remarks. We're seeing a lot of pension funds who are saying, "I'm at my liability. My assets reached my liability level. I don't need to own as much equities." That's going to be persistent if we continue to have rising equity markets. And on top of that, if -- with rates staying higher longer, that gave those pension funds the liability rate that's set, but obviously if interest rates go back down, the liabilities will go out a little bit. And so, we're seeing some clients actually derisking because they can, but where are they derisking? A lot of clients are not just derisking going from out of equities into cash, they're going into equities into other fixed-income instruments. This is where I believe you're going to see more and more investments into infrastructure where you have less volatility in the investments, higher probable returns, high fixed coupon. So, we're seeing clients around the world recalibrate their risk. There are some clients who were sitting in way excess -- too much cash, and they're obviously paying for that, and we'll see how they re-risk. But overall, I think probably if I had to say the headlines for the first six months, the clients that are overweighted in illiquid strategies like private equity where they had liquidity issues, you saw them keeping more cash balances. If and when the private equity markets unlock itself and there's a little more distribution, maybe you could see some of that cash going out and re-risking. So, you're seeing a whole mixed bag. But I do believe the macro trends towards more bond allocation because of the extensive equity rally over the last 10 years, deeper allocation towards private, especially private credit and infrastructure is going to continue. And I do believe the tools of using ETFs as a core component of portfolios is going to become a larger and larger component of how investors invest. They're going to use more core fixed-income ETFs, more equity ETFs and then barbell against using more -- I would say, more diversified, maybe more illiquid strategies across the board. And I do believe BlackRock is as well positioned for that as any firm in the world.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink: I do, operator. Thank you. And thank you for all joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our second quarter results are possible because of our deep partnerships with our clients around the world and our One BlackRock approach in everything we do. We are well-positioned to execute on our landmark mandates across our platform and we're closing in on our planned acquisitions of GIP and Preqin. We see unbelievable growth opportunities for our clients and our shareholders for the rest of 2024 and beyond. Everyone, please stay safe, stay cool, have a lovely summer as best you can. Enjoy our political conversations over the next few weeks. Be active, and have a great quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-12 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Katie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2024 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been made on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Chris Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Small: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2024. Before I turn it over to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I'll be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. BlackRock's first quarter results reflect sustained momentum across our entire platform. We ended the quarter with record AUM of nearly $10.5 trillion and one of the strongest opportunity sets ahead across multiple growth engines, including technology, outsource solutions and private markets. Momentum is accelerating and we have line of sight into a breadth of significant mandates in investment management and technology, spanning client channels and geographies. Teams across BlackRock are energized and organized to execute on these opportunities and deliver BlackRock's platform to clients through world-class client service. We've built BlackRock to be a structural grower with industry leadership in secular growth areas like ETFs, private markets, model portfolios and technology. With supportive markets and more optimistic sentiment from clients, we're confident in our ability to both grow assets on behalf of clients and drive profitable growth for our shareholders. First quarter long-term net inflows of $76 billion continue to lead the industry, driving positive organic base fee growth alongside double-digit growth year-over-year in revenue and earnings, as well as 180 basis points of margin expansion. Excluding low fee institutional index equity flows, we saw a $100 billion of long-term net inflows in the quarter. As equity markets powered to record highs in the first quarter, investors who were waiting in cash missed out on significant returns across broader markets. With long-term investing time in the markets is often more important than market timing. Although cash remains an attractive safe haven with the prospect of fewer rate cuts for 2024, the nearly 30% increase in equities over the last year continues to propel clients towards re-risking into stocks and bonds. Clients choose BlackRock for performance. They continue to consolidate more of their portfolios with us, which is driving our growth premium. With more clarity on interest rates and a supportive market backdrop, the assets we manage on behalf of our clients, our units of trust, ended the quarter up $1.4 trillion from a year ago, an increase of 15%. Organic asset and basic fee growth, again, accelerated into the end of the quarter and we see broad base momentum growing across client channels and regions. In the first quarter, BlackRock generated long-term net inflows of $76 billion partially offset by seasonal outflows from institutional money market funds. Total annualized organic base fee growth of 1% reflected seasonally softer flows earlier in the quarter before coming back to target in March. First quarter revenue of $4.7 billion increased 11% year-over-year, driven by the impact of market appreciation over the last 12 months on average AUM and higher performance fees and technology services revenue. Operating income of $1.8 billion was up 17% and earnings per share of $9.81 was 24% higher versus a year ago, also reflecting higher non-operating income. Non-operating results for the quarter included $90 million of net investment gains, driven primarily by mark-to-market non-cash gains on our unhedged sheet capital investments and minority investment [in invest debt] (ph). Our as adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 23% and included discrete tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards that vest in the first quarter of each year. We continue to estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2024, though the actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. First quarter base fee in securities lending revenue of $3.8 billion was up 8% year-over-year and up 5% sequentially driven by the positive impact of market beta on average AUM and positive organic base fee growth. On an equivalent day count basis, our annualized effective fee rate was 3/10 of a basis point lower compared to the fourth quarter. This was mainly due to the relative outperformance of lower fee U.S. equity markets, client preferences for lower fee U.S. exposures and lower securities lending revenue. Performance fees of $204 million increased from a year ago, primarily reflecting higher revenue from alternatives. Quarterly technology services revenue was up 11% compared to a year ago, reflecting sustained demand for our Aladdin technology offerings. Annual contract value or ACV increased 9% year-over-year. Beginning in the first quarter of 2024, earnings recognized from minority investments accounted for under equity method will be presented as part of our non-operating results. Advisory and other revenue increased from a year ago, primarily reflecting this change. In addition, as many of you know, we updated the presentation of expense line items by including a new sales asset and account income statement caption. This category includes distribution and servicing costs, direct fund expense and sub-advisory and other sales asset and account-based expense. Sub-advisory and other expense, which are variable non-compensation expenses associated with asset and revenue growth was previously reported within general and administration expense. We believe this change provides investors a clearer view of both BlackRock's variable non-compensation expense and G&A, which represents more fixed costs. It represents how we'll execute on our financial rubric of aligning investment spend with our highest conviction growth areas, variabilizing more of our expense base and generating fixed cost scale. Total expense increased 8% year-over-year, reflecting higher compensation, G&A and sales asset and account expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 11%, primarily reflecting higher incentive compensation as a result of higher operating income and performance fees. G&A expense increased 6% due to the timing of technology investment spend in the prior year. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased 12%, reflecting timing of technology investment spend and seasonally higher marketing and promotional expense in the fourth quarter. While one quarter's results can be impacted by timing of spend, we expect technology to be one of our primary areas of investment within G&A. Sales asset and account expense increased 5% compared to a year ago, primarily driven by higher direct fund expense. Direct fund expense was up 7% year-over-year, mainly due to higher average index AUM. Sequentially, direct fund expense increased due to higher average index AUM in the current quarter and higher rebates that seasonally occurred in the fourth quarter. Our first quarter as adjusted operating margin of 42.2% was up 180 basis points from a year ago. As markets improve, we remain committed to driving operating leverage and profitable growth. BlackRock's industry leading organic growth is a direct result of the disciplined investments we've made consistently through market cycles. Looking forward, we'll continue to prioritize investments with differentiated organic growth potential or that will expand operating leverage through enhanced scale. In line with our guidance in January and excluding the impact of global infrastructure partners and related transaction costs, at present, we would expect our headcount to be broadly flat in 2024 and we would also expect a low to mid-single-digits percentage increase in 2024 core G&A expense. Our capital management strategy remains consistent. We invest first, either to scale strategic growth initiatives or drive operational efficiency and then return excess cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. At times, we may make inorganic investments, where we see an opportunity to accelerate organic growth and support our strategic initiatives. Last month, we announced our agreement to acquire the remaining equity interest in SpiderRock Advisors, a leading provider of customized option overlay strategies in the U.S. wealth market. This transaction expands on BlackRock's minority investment in SpiderRock Advisors made in 2021 and builds on BlackRock's strong growth in personalized separately managed accounts via Aperio and ETF model portfolios. At present, we expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of this year, subject to customary closing conditions. In March, we issued $3 billion of debt to fund a portion of the cash consideration for our planned acquisition of GIP. Our offering consisted of three tranches of senior unsecured notes across 5, 10 and 30 year maturities. The offering was well received by fixed income investors, especially our inaugural 30 year bond. We currently have invested the proceeds of the offering at substantially the same rate as the cost of borrowing, effectively eliminating incremental cost of carrying additional debt prior to the close of the GIP transaction. We continue to target the third quarter of 2024 for the closing of the GIP transaction, which remains subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We repurchase $375 million worth of common shares in the first quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year consistent with our January guidance. More positive sentiment from clients and markets persisted into the first quarter. Clients increasingly turned to BlackRock to reposition and redeploy across their portfolios. First quarter long-term net inflows of $76 billion were positive across active and index strategies as well as each of our client and product types. ETF net inflows of $67 billion were led by core equity and fixed income ETFs with net inflows of $37 billion and $18 billion respectively. These inflows were partially offset by seasonal tax trading related outflows from our U.S. style box exposure and precision ETFs. As you will hear from Larry, our Bitcoin IBIT saw surging demand after launching in January, gathering $14 billion of net inflows in the quarter. This is just the latest example of BlackRock’s innovating to provide better access and transparency to a wider range of investment exposures. Retail net inflows of $7 billion were led by continued growth in Aperio as well as renewed demand for active fixed income. Financial advisors are increasingly looking to customize whole portfolios at scale, driving growth across our SMA and managed model platforms. Our partnership with in Envestnet is one channel powering flows through model portfolios. We saw our best growth sales month ever on the platform and year-to-date organic asset and revenue growth has more than doubled compared to this time last year. Sales on the platform aren't just accelerating, they are diversifying. We similarly saw record growth flows and custom models and record AUM and our global allocation models both of which have larger active components. Within SMAs, our previously mentioned acquisition of SpiderRock Advisors will further enhance our product offerings and provide even greater personalization across our wealth segments. Institutional active net inflows of $15 billion were driven by our LifePath target date franchise and outsourcing mandates. We see significant momentum across our whole portfolio capabilities. Our pipeline remains strong as more and more clients turn to BlackRock for outsourcing outflows of $13 billion were concentrated in low fee index equities, as several large clients rebalanced their portfolios amid significant equity market appreciation in the last six months. Our private markets franchise saw $1 billion of net inflows continued demand for our liquid offerings was offset by alpha generation for our clients, reflected in over $3 billion of fund monetization and LP distributions or change in fee basis, primarily for more seasoned private equity solutions programs. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform saw $19 billion of net outflows in the first quarter in line with institutional money market industry trends. Our cash business can experience seasonal rotations in the first quarter as many institutional clients withdraw these liquid assets for operational purposes, including tax and bonus payments. Cash management flows were impacted by approximately $14 billion of net redemptions during the last week of March ahead of the Good Friday holiday. Outflows were driven by clients redeeming balances to have cash on hand during a time when many businesses are open, but the financial markets are closed. This phenomenon is not uncommon or unique to BlackRock. Balance has largely returned with approximately $20 billion of money market net inflows in the first week of April. BlackRock's differentiated business model has enabled us to continue to grow with our clients driving industry leading organic growth and margins. Looking ahead as markets trend to be more supportive and clients re-risk, we see significant opportunity to expand our market share and consolidate our position with clients. We've set ourselves up to be a structural grower with the diversified platform that we've built. Enthusiasm is growing, momentum's building across the platform. All of us at BlackRock are excited about our future and the growing opportunities for BlackRock, for our clients, for our employees and, of course, for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Martin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call. BlackRock is partnering with clients to navigate structural and secular changes in business models, technology, monetary and fiscal policies, always staying focused on each and every client goal. Through this connectivity, we are having richer conversations with clients than ever before about their whole portfolio and in many cases deepening our relationships with them. This is driving accelerating momentum with a strong pipeline that has some of the best breadth of opportunities across all our client channels and regions that we've ever seen. BlackRock's integrated investment technology advisory platform and durable performance are resonating. In my conversations with clients around the world, I'm hearing about how they want to put their money to work. But they want to do it differently than they did in the past. They want their portfolios to be more holistically blending public and private markets active in an index. They want their portfolios to be nimble, customized, text-enabled. They want to work with fewer providers or maybe just with one provider. BlackRock is the only asset manager that can partner in this way having the most diverse, integrated investment and technology platform in the industry. Clients around the world are choosing to do more with BlackRock and this is resonating in our results. But I'm actually more excited about the building momentum we're seeing across our entire platform. BlackRock's AUM ended the first quarter at a new record of nearly $10.5 trillion, up $1.4 trillion or 15% over the last 12 months. Also, at that time, BlackRock has entrusted BlackRock with than $236 billion of net new assets. BlackRock generated positive net flows across active and index and across all client types. And we grew our technology service revenues and ACV as clients leverage Aladdin to support investments, processes and in their entire platform. We've had a number of real large marquee wins in Aladdin and are working on a number of significant new opportunities. Momentum remains strong as we grow with new and existing clients. We continue to deliver sustained asset and technology services growth at scale. BlackRock's operating income was up 17% year-over-year and we increased our margin by 180 basis points. Earnings per share were up 24%. Activity is notably accelerating. As Martin said, we generated $76 billion of long-term net flows in the first quarter, which represents nearly 40% of last year's long-term flows in just the first three months of this year. And long-term net inflows across retail and ETFs and institutional active was actually $100 billion, which excludes the episodic institutional equity activity Martin mentioned. Some of these are public, some aren't, but over the last few months, we've been chosen for a breadth of mandate from both wealth and institutional clients across regions that will fund over future quarters and we're in active conversations on a number of unique broad-based opportunities, including several large mandates for Aladdin. There is still a record amount of cash on the sidelines and money market fund balances are now approaching $9 trillion. I think this stems from fear and uncertainty, but it's hard to achieve retirement or long-dated objectives by holding cash. Clients worldwide are coming to BlackRock for advice on where and how to deploy their capital and in many ways how to help them reduce that fear and putting that money to work. Being a growth company requires continued innovation, lots of investments and intense client focus. BlackRock has invested ahead of these themes, we believe will define the next decade of asset management. I see the greatest opportunities I've ever seen for BlackRock for our clients and for our shareholders and I'm very optimistic about the momentum into the rest of 2024 and beyond. The uncertain backdrop does not mean a lack of opportunities. Instead, we see great opportunities for investors across a number of structural trends with near-term catalysts. These include rapid advancements in technology and AI, the rewiring of globalization, accelerated economic growth in certain emerging markets and an unprecedented need for new infrastructure. BlackRock is connecting with clients to these opportunities and providing them the confidence to continually investing in the long run. In a world where clients are looking for more certainty, the higher coupon, longer duration returns of infrastructure private markets are increasingly becoming more attractive. Demand for all forms of infrastructure is surging around the world from telecom networks to power generation to transport hubs for data centers and new ways of securing energy. Over the last 12 months, BlackRock's infrastructure platform has delivered 19% organic asset growth. BlackRock's infrastructure franchise and our private markets business more broadly benefited from the firm's global footprint, our deep network of clients and distribution relationships and access to high-quality deal flow. As we spoke in January, we believe the planned combination of BlackRock's infrastructure platform with GIP will provide clients with access to market-leading investments and operating expertise across infrastructure private markets. We have a deep conviction that this planned combination will be another transformational moment for BlackRock. It will be another example in our long-term history of staying ahead of client needs, positioning ourselves against accelerated macro trends. I believe this structured private markets are approaching the upward trajectory of their J curve just as ETF did when we announced our acquisition of BGI and iShares nearly 15 years ago. We always viewed ETF as a technology that facilitated investing. Since our acquisition of iShares, BlackRock has led in expanding the market of ETFs by making them more accessible by delivering new asset classes like bonds, investment strategies like actives. As a result of that success, the ETFs evolved beyond what started as an indexing concept. It is recognized as an efficient structure for a range of all investment solutions. First quarter ETF net inflows of $67 billion reflected sustained demand across our client categories, led by core equity and bond ETFs. ETF flows demonstrated accelerating activity with March accounting for more than half of the quarterly net inflows and our flows in the month were 80% higher than the next largest issuer. We continue to innovate across our ETF platform to give our clients better access to the most diverse range of exposures in the industry. Our Bitcoin fund, which was launched in January was the fastest growing ETF in history and already has nearly $20 billion in AUM. Our active ETF drove $9 billion of net inflows in the first quarter led by our equity factor rotation and flexible income ETFs. These products offer alpha generation with some of our leading investors at BlackRock in a more efficient, more transparent ETF wrapper. Across BlackRock, we continue to scale our product offerings to democratize access to new strategies, increase transparency and drive cost efficiency. To that end, last month, we announced the launch of our first tokenize fund as well as our minority investment in Securitize, a blockchain-based tokenization platform. This builds on our existing digital asset strategy and we'll continue to innovate in new products and wrappers all with the aim of providing greater access and customization to each and every of our clients. We continue to see demand for customization with our own wealth business as financial advisers and their clients they serve increasingly turn to SMAs to personalize their portfolios. We acquired Aperio three years ago in anticipation of this trend and organic growth in that business has been over 20% since our acquisition. To further booster our SMA capabilities, we announced our planned acquisition of the remaining equity interest of SpiderRock, as Martin discussed. Among wealth clients, we are also seeking the renewed demand for our high-performing active fixed income strategies with particularly strength in high-yield and unconstrained bond funds. In the post-QE market, we see more opportunity ahead for active management with greater potential for selective risk taking to generate superior returns. Quarterly active net inflows of $15 billion reflects strength in systematic equity and fundamental fixed income, including the funding of several institutional outsourcing mandates. Across our active franchise, BlackRock has delivered durable investment performance with 82%, 90% and 93% of our fundamental equity, systematic equity and taxable fixed income AUM above benchmarks or peer medium for the last five years. Our active investment insights, our strong investment performance, our integrated Aladdin technology differentiates BlackRock and ultimately drives better outcomes for our clients. We first built Aladdin as a risk management enabler, empowering investors to better understand their portfolios through technology. Today, Aladdin is much more than that. Our clients are leveraging Aladdin as a whole enterprise operating system, connecting multiple asset classes, data, technology partners and a single platform. Aladdin's integrated offering continues to resonate with the majority of our sales this quarter, spanning multiple Aladdin products. We are in the late-stage conversation with several large potential Aladdin clients and we look forward to executing on more opportunities ahead to be bringing the benefits of Aladdin to new clients and by expanding relationships with our existing clients. From the early days of developing Aladdin to now managing nearly $10.5 trillion across our platform, our ambition has always been to help investors benefit from the growth of the capital markets and achieve financial futures that they seek. More than half of the assets we manage are related to retirement, making this an outcome central to many of our client conversations. BlackRock has been at the forefront of innovation and advocacy for retirement solutions for years. In fact, we pioneered the first target date fund called LifePath back in 1993, when we introduced the concept. It was a revolutionary, eliminating some of the guesswork for retirement savings by automatically adjusting their investment mix over the time frame. Fast forward 30 years, Target Date funds have become the most common default investment option in defined contribution plans in the United States, where we're entrusted to manage the retirement assets of 35 million Americans. We continue to evolve LifePath to help deliver the retirement outcome participants need. That has meant introducing LifePath options in new countries and in new wrappers such as LifePath, Target Date ETFs we launched last year. Our LifePath Target Date franchise now has nearly $470 billion in assets and has risen over $115 billion in assets just over the last five years. In addition to helping people save for retirement, we also work to expand the LifePath solution to help people spend throughout their increasingly longer retirement. Society focuses a tremendous amount on helping people live longer and healthier lives, but spend just a fraction of that time and effort on helping them afford those extra wonderful years. The shift from pension to defined contribution models have put the large ask the large burden on individual savers. They have to first build up the retirement estate, which in and itself is a formidable challenge. Then even as they have this sizable savings at retirement, there's not much guidance about how to spend and or not -- and how not to overspend these savings. We've been working for years to address this de-accumulation challenge and we believe this will help increase hope in America. In 2020, we announced the LifePath Paycheck, the next generation of Target Date solutions. It will include an option to purchase a lifetime income stream from insurers selected by BlackRock and is expected to go live towards the end of the month. We are partnering on implementing LifePath Paycheck right now with 14 planned sponsors, representing over $25 billion in Target Date AUM and now have 0.5 million participants. We'll pair the flexibility of a 401(k) investment with a potential for a predictable paycheck life income stream similar to a pension. I believe it will be in one day, the most used investment strategy in defined contribution plans. This pioneering structure can help address global gaps in funding retirement security, improve the quality of life and retirement for millions of Americans and bring back hope for those who were retiring. It's been four years since the start of the pandemic and the subsequent geopolitical upheavals. Leaders of countries, leaders of companies need to create hope for the future for all of their stakeholders. That's certainly what we're doing at BlackRock. I've spoken before about the fear we see today, some is stoked by increasingly political polarization in the world. Our industry and BlackRock have been a subject of political dialogue mostly in the United States. We recognize some of this with being the industry leader. We have done a better job now of telling our story so that people can make decisions based on facts, not on lies and not on misinformation or politicization by others. Unfortunately, there are still others out there who put short-term politics, who continuously lie about these issues. They are putting those issues above the long-term fiduciary responsibilities. As a fiduciary, politics should never outweigh performance. I do believe that with the vast majority of our clients, our long-term fiduciary approach and performance are resonating. We heard it in our dialogue with them, and we see it in our flows and I know all of you as shareholders see it in our flows. Over the last past five years, clients have entrusted BlackRock with an aggregate of $1.9 trillion of total net inflows, $1 trillion over the last three years and nearly $300 billion last year. It has been in the United States where client led inflows in every one of these areas. It is true also in the first quarter of this year. This is in all is in the environment where the industry has experienced flat or negative flows, BlackRock saw inflows. Our sustained growth, our accelerating momentum are made possible by the trust of our clients and shareholders and the dedication of all the BlackRock people. Across our firm, we're delivering BlackRock to meet all our clients' individual needs, we're helping each and every client unlock their new opportunities and the power of BlackRock's integrated platform has enabled us to drive better outcomes for each and every client and providing them a differentiated growth for them, which then entails providing differentiating growth for you, our shareholders. I believe at this time, our momentum has never been stronger. The opportunity we have in front of us has never been stronger. And I look forward at BlackRock to be delivering on a significant broad base of opportunities across the world, across our platform, across all of our products and delivering the responsible fiduciary responsibilities that we provide to each and every client. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler : So my question is on your commentary around building momentum and line of sight into significant fundings, so if we exclude fee rate issues like divergent beta, when do you think BlackRock can get back to 5% base fee organic growth? And with the law of large numbers as a factor, what is your confidence that this objective is still achievable at your current $10 trillion AUM size?
Laurence Fink : Martin?
MartinSmall : It's Martin. Listen, I'd start by like Q1 net flows were solid at $76 billion. And on a more granular look, we just see durable growth in that flows mix. We had about $100 billion across ETFs, retail, institutional active, institutional fixed income. Of course, we saw some of these $19 billion redemptions from cash with the Good Friday quarter-end dynamic and the $26 billion rebalanced away in institutional index equities. You know those institutional index equities happen from time to time. They're not meaningful revenue impacts or fee rate detractors, but they weigh on kind of the long-term flow totals. When we look at this core momentum on flows, excluding the episodic index redemptions, Q1 flows were $100 billion. It's a healthy trajectory. It's an affirmation for us that we're focused on the right things to grow with clients. And on base fees, the management team here, we really feel like we've turned a corner. Over the last two quarters, we see really solid trends in organic fee growth. They're really some of the best since the end of 2021. We saw excellent momentum to finish the fourth quarter, which we talked about on the last call. We closed out in November and December higher than target. And this quarter, March new base fees annualized at target after we had a slower start. So over the last six months, we see organic base fee growth ticking up and trending more halfway or halfway plus to our long-term targets. It's not a straight line, but we're moving to target. And I say this because we see key positive trends in this sort of critical base fee growers for us. Retail posted $7 billion of flows in that 40 basis point to 50 basis point bucket. Money is going back to work, redemption rates are moderating. We see really excellent momentum in active overall with $15 billion of flows and good velocity in institutional and retail active fixed income, in particular, at $9 billion. And I think what Larry is getting at, we've been selected for a breadth of mandates across investment management and technology that we see supporting 5% organic growth and will fund over future quarters. Our planned acquisition of GIP will help us build and bump from there. So we look forward to closing that transaction, executing on these mandates and keeping you guys posted on our progress.
Laurence Fink : I would just add, the breadth of conversations we're having with clients worldwide. Rob Kapito right now is in Asia, the type of conversations we had there. The opportunities we see in Europe, in the U.K., Middle East. These are just very large opportunities, large mandates, big opportunities. And if you then overlay the opportunities and you overlay what infrastructure can do related to the build-out of power with all the AI promise and the need for data centers and the need for power is going to be extraordinary. And all of this is going to lead to much bigger opportunities. And then more importantly, more and more clients are going to be seeking those organizations who deliver the proprietary differentiated products.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys : Just wanted to ask about balancing investment spend with margin expansion. In the past, we've heard BlackRock talked about being margin aware. So, just curious how the thinking of that has evolved. What does that mean in today's environment? And how might you quantify the opportunity for margin expansion over time? How do you see some of the levers to achieve that?
Martin Small : Our approach to shareholder value creation is obviously to generate differentiated organic growth, it's to drive operating leverage in a premium margin and it's to execute on a consistent capital management strategy. We have a strong track record of investing in our business for growth and scale and expanding profitability. And I want to emphasize, it's not just about growth. It's about profitable growth over the long-term. And that growth comes from making continued investments in our business. And I've talked a lot about on the last several calls and obviously, some of the other meetings we've had, we're looking to size our operating investments in line with the prudent lens on organic growth potential. We're aiming to put more flexibility in our cost base and variabilize expenses where we can. And most importantly, we're looking to generate fixed cost scale, especially through investments in technology. We're consistently delivering industry leading margins, which is a goal and we've expanded our margin in six out of the last 10 years. And I think those scale indicators are coming through in our results. We're delivering profitable growth. We generated 180 bps of margin expansion year-on-year, while revenue op income and EPS all rose double-digits. And we delivered 60 basis points of sequential margin improvement. Over the last 18 months, AUM is up $2.5 trillion, while headcount is actually flat or slightly lower. So I feel like we're delivering benefits of scale and productivity, which is showing in margin expansion. As I mentioned, we're planning for full year low to mid-single digits core G&A growth, flat headcount both excluding the GIP transaction. So you've heard on our last few calls and I hope today and some of Larry's color, we're looking to drive more fixed cost scale. That comes from technology. It comes from automation. It can come from AI. It comes from organizational design, global foot printing using some of our innovation hubs around the world. We see those as our major levers to drive margin expansion. And in the end, we're just looking to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible, deliver growth for clients and shareholders and ultimately expand our margin over time.
Laurence Fink : Michael, I would just add, as we continue to be investing in AI, our most recent experience of having $2.5 trillion more assets with the same headcount is a real good indication of how we are trying to drive more efficiencies, more productivity. I think this is critical. We're going to bring down an inflation in America. This is how it's going to have to be done, driven through technology and which will increase more productivity. And overall and actually through that process, we continue to drive more productivity. What it also means is rising wages. So people do more and the whole organization is doing more with less people as a percent of the overall organization. That is really our ambition.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Kenneth Worthington : Fixed income flows have picked up for U.S. -- the U.S. mutual fund industry so far this year, but the same data services that track the industry don't show a proportionate pickup for BlackRock. Your fixed income ETF sales were solid at $18 billion but below levels seen last year. Can you talk about the competitive landscape for fixed income retail and fixed income ETFs, both inside and outside the U.S.? And to what extent do you think investor appetite may have changed in 2024?
Robert Kapito : So, Rob here. The conversations that we're having across all of the distribution systems are about a new allocation into fixed income. It's been very much clouded by all the noise around inflation and the Fed. So the yield curve remains inverted and investors are currently getting paid to wait. And a more balanced term structure of interest rates is going to be the indicator to watch and that's where we'll start to see demand for intermediate and longer-term fixed income. So the first quarter for us flows of $42 billion, which I think is considerable, we saw the strength in the bond ETFs from immunization activity in institutional and about 25% of the flows were into active strategies. So we're seeing renewed demand for active fixed income and that's led to flows into the high yield, the unconstrained and the total return strategies and the fact that our longer term performance has about 93% of our taxable active fixed income AUM above the benchmark or peer medium in the last five years are really set up to capture this. But I do think the noise that's out there focused on inflation and the fact that you can still earn 5%, which is very attractive right now is causing the delay in more allocations to fixed income. The other part of why I'm more encouraged is we are finding a growing interest in high-performing active fixed income strategies alongside private market strategies. So I think that we stand to bode very well once you see some changes in the yield curve.
Laurence Fink : Let me just add, operator to Ken's question. Ken, I do believe as an industry, the large pension funds that have an over allocation of private equity and the rotation of money in the private equity area has slowed down precipitously. We are also seeing evidence that more and more clients are keeping a higher balance of cash to meet their liability discharges. And so without the momentum and the velocity of money in private equity, they actually have to keep higher cash balances, too. So I think that is something to be watched to. If there is an unlock in the movement of private equity, I do believe you would see a factor allocation for the industry in fixed income and other income-producing products.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein : My question is related to private markets and GIP. Larry, you referred to it again this morning as a transformational deal for BlackRock maybe similar to some of the other large ones you've done. Does this give you enough in terms of what you're trying to accomplish in the private markets broadly? Or do you expect to pursue more acquisitions that are related in this area? And I guess somewhat related to that, growth in private markets, retail products has been quite significant and still early days. Maybe just remind us on how BlackRock is pursuing that opportunity.
Martin Small : It's Martin. I'll offer a few thoughts and then Larry will jump in. Let's say, look, all of our clients continue to increase their allocations to private markets. That's what drove our acquisition of eFront. It's what drove our planned acquisition of GIP. And it's also a great focus of the organic investments we've made to build in a liquid alternatives business of size. There are sort of liquid alternatives business, we've reached $167 billion of assets, roughly $140 billion fee paying. We had a good quarter there. Infrastructure and private credit deployment added $1 billion of inflows offset by a return of capital that I talked about. We're getting close on our final closes for our BlackRock Infrastructure IV Fund for decarbonization partners, which has been a great first time funded vintage. We've got $30 billion of committed but uninvested capital. So there's good dry powder in the system. As Larry mentioned, we're originating really strong unique transactions there. So we think our capabilities are expanding in a way that's going to plan. Just yesterday, we announced an infrastructure debt deal with Santander where we're going to be financing about $600 million of infrastructure loans in a structured transaction. And we just see good fundraising momentum, which we think we can kick into next year with GIP. Since 2021, we've had $140 billion of gross capital across the platform continue to see good momentum with clients. And to the topic you mentioned, we've been building out our semi-liquid products for retail with credit strategies. Our credit strategy is interval funds and our non-traded credit BDC, BDEAT have a combined $1 billion plus of AUM. We received a really important placement for BDEAT as a National Wirehouse, so we think that will be a strong accelerant for organic growth. And then finally, that planned acquisition with GIP is going to really extend our capabilities. We think the business can be a much stronger platform for capital formation of scale and build on this philosophy we have in illiquid alternatives. We also think there's a great opportunity to bring GIP's capabilities to private wealth globally, retail retirement platforms in the U.K. and Europe with the LTIP and LTAP structures. And obviously, we'll keep you updated on our progress.
Laurence Fink : I would just add that the feedback we're having from clients, including a dinner I had with a major energy company last night. The opportunity we have for driving more unique proprietary origination is going to be driving accelerated growth for us in the private markets, especially in infrastructure. I do believe the combinations of our two organization is going to open up so many more avenues. Avenues with companies but also avenues with countries. And that being said, look, we're always in the market and are looking for different opportunities and we're not slowing down, looking at different opportunities. We're not here to suggest we're doing anything that is forthcoming because the number one through five things to do is to close GIP. But the doors are knocking at BlackRock to see if there's other opportunities we want to pursue. And if it makes sense one day, we will continue to be open minded to pursue more private market opportunities.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon : Martin for your comments on improving trends throughout the quarter for flows, can you put in context what that means for maybe exit fee rate? And also on this pipeline of activity that's building, can you talk about the mix of fees and products more specifically and how that might inform your base fee outlook going forward?
Martin Small : As I mentioned, we see good base momentum. At the end of Q4, we were running at higher than target. At the end of this quarter, we're at target. And as I mentioned, when we look at the trends over months, not days, we feel like we're half or halfway plus to our target growth. So we've got good base fee momentum. First quarter base fees, excluding securities lending were $3.6 billion, which is up 9% year-on-year, which is largely due to the impact of market movements on AUM and organic growth. And if -- the Q2 entry fee rate ex-fee lending is pretty much flat compared to the Q1 fee rate on a day count equivalent basis. But overall, I think as we see good flows into active with the $15 billion we've had, as I mentioned, retail flows of $7 billion coming in. We see good fee rate trends, which we think are about -- mostly about mix. We focus really on driving organic base fee growth in the most efficient way possible, focusing on the clients, focusing on the investments they want to make. We don't focus on a specific fee rate or product. We focus on the clients and the fee rate is more of an output. But the trends in terms of where we're raising assets on the fee rates we think are good. But as I mentioned, Q2 fee rate -- Q2 entry fee rate excess funding is flat compared to the Q1 fee rate on the same day count.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
William Katz : Appreciate the update. Maybe a different vein. Your performance fees continue to run pretty high. And just sort of wondering, are we reaching a new level of normalized performance fees? And how might that translate into sort of the comp ratio as we look ahead, particularly as you continue to migrate to a bigger pool of private markets post-GIP?
Martin Small : So on the performance fees of $204 million in the quarter, obviously, they're up about 4x year-on-year. If you could put yourself in a time machine and think back to that first quarter in '23, it was a really difficult market. We had SVB, we had some volume in the rate markets, et cetera. So I think it was a tough time. This quarter, we've really seen good performance coming through on our teams, which has been very, very strong and I think reflected in those performance fees. Rough just is about half of that performance fee is coming from kind of our private equity funds and private equity programs where we had some very successful realizations that Larry talked about last year, which was created in some of the distributions associated with that. And the other half is more in illiquid hedge funds in our strategic equity hedge funds and some of our systematic strategies as well. Ultimately, our goal is to deliver long-term performance with clients and where we see performance fee revenues picking up, obviously, there's healthy alignment there and more supportive markets and stronger markets and strong performance, we'd expect a lot of that leverage to drop to a lower comp to revenue ratio. But ultimately, talent is one of our key investments and we'd expect it to be on a go-forward basis.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell : Maybe just to focus on the multi-asset category and a couple of areas within that. I think Martin, you were talking about obviously the build of the organic growth pipeline and also in conjunction with Larry, with your comments about the conversation pipeline. Can you talk about two areas, in particular, as that developed throughout the year. That would be OCIO deals and then also, as we start up LifePath Paycheck, how you anticipate that contributing to organic growth, I guess, as the year unfolds, obviously very early, but even over the next couple of years?
Martin Small : Sure. I guess maybe I can start with a little color on the multi-asset flows and then Larry can comment on LifePath Paycheck. So, multi-asset strategy saw inflows in the quarter of about $5 billion after we had a really strong 2023 with $83 billion. Those strong inflows were driven by the continued demand for our LifePath Target Date offerings. And obviously, we see significant growth ahead in that core business but also in the upcoming launch of LifePath Paycheck. Our LifePath Target Date franchise has about $470 billion in assets, generated $9 billion of flows in the first quarter, thanks to the funding of several large mandates. We have about an organic growth rate of 8%. So we're leading the market there in terms of growth and we continue to outperform relative to the industry. Again, we're building on a strong core business there. We had $25 billion of flows in '23, which was about 7% growth. We're the number one DC investment-only, DCIO firm. We have 70,000 DC plans and we're the only provider, I think that's really global. Most of the assets at BlackRock are investing to finance retirement, and we've been at the forefront of innovation and advocacy for retirement solutions throughout our history. It's a key part of our growth. And the innovation that we're doing in LifePath Paycheck, we think is exciting and a significant area of our future organic growth.
Laurence Fink : As I said in my prepared remarks, we have 14 corporations that are preparing to transform their defined contribution plan to LifePath Paycheck. So the conversations we're having with so many other clients is enormous. Many clients wanted to see actual implementation of these plans. As we said in the prepared remarks, the first implementation of the first plan is going to be in the next few weeks. We'll have many announcements about that and we plan to really make that a big issue for us going forward. We believe, as I said before, this is going to change retirement. The movement away from defined benefits to defined contributions have left many, many individuals stranded in making the decisions of their own retirement by themselves. And this eliminates some of the uncertainty for retirement. The Target Date has eliminated a lot of the variability of retirement, but there has been no transformation in terms of bringing -- once you are retired, how do you know what you have. And through this innovation of integrating investment strategies around insurance wrappers can really narrow the outcomes that the individual can have a very narrow corridor of what the dollar amount that they're going to be earning each month. And as I said in my letter, with growing longevity, retirement is going to become a bigger and bigger issue. And having this type of certainty really will alleviate some of the fear. As I said, our conversations are broad. And let me be clear, the conversations are also now beginning in Europe and other places, too. So we look at this as a major component of our future growth rates over the next three to five years. Obviously, it's not the highest fee-based product. It is like a Target Date product. But -- so it's -- but it can generate more connectivity with more clients, deeper relationships with all our clients. And so this is something that I'm very proud of what the firm has created and I do believe it's going to transform BlackRock as a leader in retirement benefits.
Operator: We'll go back to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt : My question is on Europe ETFs. Obviously, the active to passive equity flow mix continues to track more like the U.S. and Europe so far this year. So firstly, could you update us on the defensibility of your positioning around that theme? And to what extent you're seeing more aggressive price competition? And finally, higher level, to what extent you're seeing a real change in how ETFs are bought and sold in Europe that could portend this so called trend continuing more indefinitely?
Martin Small : As we mentioned, we had about $67 billion of iShares inflows in the first quarter, led by core fixed income. I bet the business is running in a very strong way, high single-digit asset growth, mid-single-digit base fee growth. All the trends globally are very strong. But we have been stressing and I'm glad for the question, just the real strength and competitive position of the iShares business in Europe. European iShares continues to lead the market with about 30% market share of inflows that's 2x the inflows of the number two player. And our inflows exceed the two and three players combined. Our iShares franchise in Europe is $850 billion AUM that's bigger than next five players combined. So we think we have a real outsized opportunity to grow ETFs in the U.K. and Europe. And obviously, the competitive dynamics there, I think are very, very different than they are here in the United States in terms of the buying units, how buying units are sold. This is largely a private banking market that uses exchange traded funds through discretionary private management programs and iShares is really a very strong and preferred provider. I want you to think about it this way. The United States built trillions and trillions of dollars ETF business with a national best bid, best offer system, a unified securities regulator, national exchange. Europe has more fragmented markets and has been growing, growing and growing. So we really see, obviously, regulation is trending favorable in Europe, the buying dynamics as very favorable and iShares is in a great market leadership position there, we think to post outsized growth.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Yes, operator, one last comment. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our performance is a direct result of our steadfast commitment to serving our clients -- and each and every client and evolving for the long-term trends ahead of their needs. We started 2024 with great momentum, and I strongly believe that there are more opportunities ahead for BlackRock more than any other time before. Thank you, everyone and have a great quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Teleconference. Participants for today's call will include Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade and Global Infrastructure Partners, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Adebayo Ogunlesi. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Chris, and good morning to everybody, and Happy New Year. Thank you for joining us today to discuss BlackRock's fourth quarter and full year results. We're also very excited to announce our agreement to acquire Global Infrastructure Partners, and I'd like to welcome all our new partners from GIP and their Chairman and my friend and founder Bayo Ogunlesi is here with me, alongside with Rob and Martin, we're all here today to answer your questions after our prepared remarks.
Adebayo Ogunlesi: Thank you, Larry. My fellow founders and colleagues across GIP and I are very excited about the opportunity to join BlackRock. Our combination will drive even better opportunities for our clients. All of us at GIP sharing the vision of delivering better outcomes with clients and leading critical global investments that drive economic growth. Thank you.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Bayo. This is another truly transformational moment for BlackRock. Our firm is what it is today because we've taken a long-term view on what market forces will drive outsized growth for our clients and for our firm. We're doing that again today, guiding us always by the needs of our clients. Growing public deficits, a modernizing digital world, advancing energy independence and the energy transition are driving the mobilization of private capital to fund critical infrastructure. Infrastructure investment is a fast-growing market. In a higher rate environment, the ability to drive operational enhancements will be critical to investment performance. Today, we are announcing two transformational changes in anticipation of the evolution we see ahead for the asset management industry and for the entire global capital markets. Our strategic re-architecture of our organization will simplify and improve how we work and deliver for our clients. And the acquisition of GIP will propel our leadership in a fast-growing market for a hard asset infrastructure. These transformations in total are the largest at BlackRock since we acquired BGI nearly 15 years ago. The planned combination of BlackRock's infrastructure platform in GIP will provide clients access to market-leading investments and operating expertise across infrastructure, private markets. The integrated platform will deliver clients substantial scale as the second largest private markets infrastructure manager in the world with over $150 billion in client assets. In addition, GIP will bring dedicated investment in operational improvement teams with track records of delivering deep value enhancements, which have led to impressive returns throughout its existence. With a strong common culture of serving clients with excellence together, we will deliver for our clients or holistic global infrastructure manager across equity, debt and solutions. We will provide the full range of infrastructure sector exposures and will offer unique originations across developed and the emerging markets. BlackRock has developed a broad network of global corporate relationships through many years of long-term investments in both debt and equity. These long-term relationships will help us lead critical investments in infrastructure that will improve outcomes for communities around the globe and generate long-term investment benefits for our clients. I know I speak for the entire BlackRock Board of Directors, BlackRock's leadership team and all of our employees when I say we could not be more excited about the prospects of a BlackRock family with our colleagues from GIP. We similarly look forward to welcoming our new clients and deepening our relationships with those clients who already worked with both of us. BlackRock's industry leadership comes from delivering sustained performance innovating and staying ahead of the needs of our clients. Today, we announced several organizational changes to simplify and improve how we work and how we deliver for clients. In anticipation of the major calls we are making on the future of the capital markets and the entire asset management industry. The strong senior leaders taking on new and expanded roles will keep us more tightly connected, stimulate fresh thinking and help us better deliver for all our clients. Let me now turn on to Martin to cover our 2023 results and take you through the specifics of the transaction, our quarter before I offer further context.
Martin Small: Thanks, Larry. Good morning, and happy New Year to everyone. Before I pass it back to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. and provide more detail on the GIP transaction. We plan for a longer call today so that we have plenty of time for questions. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I'll be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. The last two years have been a character building an inspiring time for investors, for clients and certainly for us at BlackRock. The monetary policy shock of a rapid rate rising campaign upended 10 years of asset allocation practices and spurred repositioning of portfolios into cash and money market funds at the expense of risk assets. At BlackRock, our business is to serve clients with excellence and help them design portfolios for the future. We built BlackRock to be a structural grower by having a platform of investment, technology and product capabilities that go beyond investment outcomes. They deliver client scale, they deliver clients' business efficiency. Whether clients are making wholesale portfolio allocation changes or just executing on tactical adjustments, they're doing it all within the BlackRock platform. We've spoken throughout the year about what conditions we'd expect to bring investors out of cash and into risk assets. It's generally unfolding as we described, with greater clarity on terminal rates in the fourth quarter we saw evidence of portfolio re-risking and we expect this trend to accelerate in 2024. BlackRock is a share winner when there’s an asset in motion and clients continue to consolidate more of their portfolios with us. In 2023, BlackRock generated $289 billion of total net inflows and delivered 1% organic base fee growth. Importantly, we finished the year with significant momentum in the fourth quarter generating approximately $96 billion of total net inflows. In November and December, we saw surge in flows resulting in 6% annualized organic base fee growth for the last two full months of the year. Full year revenue of $17.9 billion was relatively flat year-over-year. Operating income of $6.6 billion declined 2% from 2022, while earnings per share of $37.77 increased by 7%. For the fourth quarter, revenue of $4.6 billion was 7% higher year-over-year, driven by the impact of higher markets on average AUM and higher performance fees. Quarterly operating income of $1.7 billion was up 9%, while earnings per share of $9.66 was 8% higher versus a year ago, also reflecting higher non-operating income in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter included $122 million of net investment income, driven primarily by mark-to-market gains in our private equity co-investment portfolios. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 24%, driven in part by discrete items. We currently estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for 2024, though the actual effective tax rate may differ because of nonrecurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Fourth quarter base fees and securities lending revenue of $3.6 billion was up 6% year-over-year, driven by the positive impact of market beta on average AUM, 2% organic base fee growth and higher securities lending revenue. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was down 2%. On an equivalent day count basis, our annualized effective fee rate was approximately three-tenths of a basis point lower compared to the third quarter. This was primarily due to lower securities lending revenue, underperformance of non-U.S. equity markets and client preferences favoring lower fee fixed income and cash. As a result of accelerating organic growth and global equity and bond market appreciation toward the end of the quarter, we entered the first quarter with an estimated base fee run rate approximately 6% higher than our total base fees for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter and full year performance fees of $311 million and $554 million, respectively, increased from a year ago, reflecting higher revenue from liquid alternatives and long-only mandates. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 7% year-over-year, and full year revenue of $1.5 billion increased 9% and reflecting the successful on-boarding of new clients and large e-Front on-premises licenses renewals in the third quarter. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 10% year-over-year as clients increasingly partnered with BlackRock for integrated technology solutions to drive business transformation and scale. We remain committed to low to mid-teens ACV growth over the long term. Total expense increased 1% in 2023, reflecting higher compensation, G&A and direct fund expense. We effectively managed our discretionary spend in 2023 and we'll continue to be disciplined in focusing our resources in areas with the greatest opportunity. Our fourth quarter operating margin of 41.6% increased by 40 basis points year-on-year as we continue to drive operating leverage and profitable growth after the market shock of 2022. Our full year as-adjusted operating margin of 41.7% was down 110 basis points from a year ago. The decline primarily reflected the negative impact of markets and foreign exchange movements on our 2023 entry rate revenue as well as critical investments in our people and technology. During the year, we reorganized two of our fastest-growing businesses, private markets in Aladdin to stay ahead of our clients' evolving needs and build on our past successes in these areas. These specific groups further simplified their structures, resulting in a fourth quarter restructuring charge of $61 million, comprised of severance and accelerated amortization of previously granted deferred compensation awards. This charge appears as a single line expense item on our 2023 GAAP income statement and has been excluded from our as-adjusted results to enhance comparison to prior periods. In addition, we made resourcing decisions to free up investment capacity for our most important growth initiatives. This resulted in a onetime compensation expense of $28 million in the fourth quarter, which is included in our as-adjusted results. Overall, these two actions impacted approximately 3% of our workforce by taking a targeted and disciplined approach to how we shape our teams and evolve our skill sets to meet changing market and technology environments, we increased investment capacity, we enhance organizational expertise, and we create opportunities for operating leverage and career growth. Looking forward, we're prioritizing investments to propel our differentiated organic growth and operating leverage. We'll aim to align investment spend with our highest conviction structural growth areas, find additional ways to variabilize expenses and generate fixed cost scale through technology, automation and optimization of our footprint through our innovation hubs. Excluding the impact of the GIP transaction at present, we'd expect our headcount to be broadly flat in 2024. Also excluding the impact of GIP and related transaction costs, we'd expect a low to mid-single-digit percentage increase in 2024 core G&A expense. Most core G&A growth should come from continued investment in technology as we look to operate more efficiently and better serve our clients. One of our biggest long-term advantages has been scale. Our ability to add significant assets managed with excellence without growing expenses linearly. Our platform strategy has delivered scale and operating leverage over time and we're committed to delivering a premium operating margin. Our capital management strategy remains consistent. We invest first either to scale strategic growth initiatives or drive operational efficiency and then return excess cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. In 2023, we returned over $4.5 billion to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. Share repurchases have been a consistent element of our capital management strategy. Since 2013, we've repurchased close to $15 billion of BlackRock stock, which generated an unlevered compound annual return of 14% for our shareholders. Over this time period, we reduced our share count by nearly 23 million shares or 13%. For the trailing five years, we've lowered our share count by 10 million shares completing $7.8 billion of share repurchases at an average price of $563 for an IRR of over 15%. BlackRock's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $5.10 per share, representing an increase of 2% over the 2023 level. At present, based on capital spending plans for the year, and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we're targeting the purchase of $1.5 billion of shares during 2024. Full year total net inflows of $289 billion were positive across active and index as well as regions, led by $156 billion of net inflows from clients in the United States, and we had 70 products across our ETF and mutual fund ranges with over $1 billion in net inflows. BlackRock generated industry-leading ETF net inflows of $186 billion in 2023, representing 6% organic asset growth led by $112 billion of net inflows into our bond ETFs. Fourth quarter ETF net inflows of $88 billion reflected significant momentum into year-end helped by seasonal tax trades and portfolio reallocations. We saw $28 billion of net inflows into precision exposures as institutional clients use these highly liquid instruments to re-risk in the quarter. With Safe-Haven cash providing positive returns. Full year and fourth quarter retail net outflows of $8 billion and $9 billion, respectively, were primarily due to allocations out of rising rate sensitive strategies namely liquid alternatives and flexible bond funds. This was partially offset by strength in Aperio, which saw record net inflows of $12 billion in 2023. Aperio AUM since acquisition has grown 95% to $80 billion. BlackRock's institutional business generated net inflows of $32 billion in 2023, led by active net inflows of $87 billion including the funding of several significant outsourcing mandates throughout the year. Index net outflows of $55 billion were driven by redemptions from our low fee equity strategies as several large clients adjusted their allocations or redeemed for cash needs. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform saw $33 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter and $79 billion of net inflows in 2023. We're pleased with the continued strong growth in our cash and liquidity business with year-end AUM up 14% or over $90 billion year-on-year. We're leveraging our scale and integrated cash offerings to engage with clients who are using these products not only to manage liquidity, but also to earn attractive returns. Demand for private markets remain strong, with $14 billion of net inflows into BlackRock illiquid strategies during the year driven by infrastructure and private credit. We continue to expect these categories to be our primary growth drivers in the coming years. Turning to our planned acquisition of GIP this is an exciting day for us, our new partners, our clients and our shareholders. The combination will mark a transformational change in our private market scale and growth. GIP is the world's leading independent infrastructure manager with current client AUM of over $100 billion and fee-based AUM of over $60 billion. The acquisition will create a highly complementary pro forma $150 billion infrastructure platform post-closing tripling BlackRock's infrastructure client assets. The integration will nearly double our private markets management fees to over $1.5 billion and add over $400 million in post-tax annual FRE with FRE margins above 50%. Since its founding in 2006, GIP has successfully scaled its equity flagship series from its $5.6 billion Fund I to $20-plus billion in the most recent vintages. GIP's current team of approximately 400 employees across 11 global offices has delivered strong long-term performance for clients and is expected to generate approximately $760 million of management fee revenue in 2023. Turning to the financial terms of the transaction, we are acquiring 100% of the business and assets of GIP for total consideration of $3 billion in cash and approximately 12 million shares of BlackRock stock. seven million shares will be paid at closing and five million shares to be paid in approximately five years, subject to certain performance measures. BlackRock will fund the cash consideration through $3 billion of additional debt which will not meaningfully change its leverage profile. Primarily through growth synergies from proprietary deal origination, larger transaction sizes, capital formation scale and multi-asset class infrastructure investment innovation we see opportunities to drive significant value creation for BlackRock shareholders. The terms of this transaction ensure long-term continuity and strong alignment of interest among GIP and BlackRock to best serve clients employees and shareholders. A substantial majority of the consideration paid at closing and approximately 75% of nominal total transaction consideration will be paid in BlackRock common stock. GIP leadership will become meaningful shareholders of BlackRock with a shared ambition of driving One BlackRock outcomes for our clients and shareholders. 100% of carried interest and capital commitments from all existing GIP funds will continue to be owned by the GIP owners and employees. These are not economically included in the transaction perimeter and support long-term retention and incentives of GIP employees. After closing, GIP's management team will lead our combined infrastructure platform, working with BlackRock's strong investment teams in equity debt and solutions. The GIP team will bring a talented group of investment and operational improvement professionals with a proven track record of building and running high-performing private markets businesses. Each of the GIP founders will become party to a shareholder's agreement that requires shares to be voted in accordance with the recommendation of BlackRock's independent Board at any meeting of BlackRock shareholders. We've provided additional detail on the transaction structure and terms in a supplement posted to the BlackRock Investor Relations website this morning. We expect the transaction to be modestly accretive to as-adjusted EPS and operating margin in the first full year post close, which will exclude transaction-related costs. Given the structural growth trends of the private infrastructure market, and what we see as a best-in-class whole portfolio infrastructure investing capability, we believe the transaction will be accretive to long-term organic asset and base fee growth. These abilities can be a key source of earnings diversification and growth acceleration to meet or exceed our through-the-cycle 5% or better organic growth ambitions. Building on strong structural growth trends over this past year, and the over $1.9 trillion of organic asset growth over the last five years, we're investing to deliver the industry's only comprehensive platform across public markets, private markets and investment technology. Having delivered differentiated organic growth and operating margin across the weakest markets in decades, we believe markets are trending to be strong for 2024 with a more risk on tone. BlackRock's a share winner when assets are in motion. We see the pent-up demand behind over $1 trillion in money market fund flows this year poised to deliver significant opportunities across risk assets. Our combination with GIP will put BlackRock in the leadership position to drive great outcomes for clients and deliver new engines of earnings growth for our shareholders. We've built an industry leader in structural growers like ETFs, model portfolios, outsourcing and investment technology with Aladdin. We're building a private markets leader at new levels of scale and we see the best opportunities we've had in years to get closer with clients and raise significant private capital. We enter 2024 in a stronger position than ever, and all of us at BlackRock are excited about the opportunities ahead for our clients, the firm and our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Martin. We'll leave plenty of time for your questions later on, but I want to describe how we evaluated bringing our firms together with GIP. Why we think the timing is so opportune and how infrastructure private markets can be so beneficial to all our clients, employees and to you, our shareholders.  Infrastructure is a $1 trillion market forecasted to be one of the fastest-growing segments of private markets in the years ahead. A number of long-term structural trends support an acceleration in the infrastructure investments. These include increasingly growing global demand and upgrading digital infrastructure like fiber broadband, cell towers and data centers. Renewed investments to logistical hubs such as airports, railroads, shipping ports as supply chains are rewired, and a movement towards increased energy independence in many parts of the world, supported by de-carbonization infrastructure. In the United States and around the world, there's a public need for greater investment in infrastructure. This growing needs creates significant investment opportunity for clients. The unprecedented need for new infrastructure, coupled with the record high government deficits means that private capital will be needed like never before. That supply-demand imbalance creates compelling investment opportunities for our clients. At the same time, corporates are looking to engage partners in new projects or partially de-risking the existing ones. These dynamics offer clients, especially those investing for retirement the high coupon inflation-protected long duration investments they need, and we believe it will define the future of asset management for the next 20 years. Our acquisition philosophy has always been about growth, not about cost takeouts and or consolidations. Consistently, these combinations have resulted in reaching heights that neither BlackRock nor a merged partners could ever reach on their own. I truly believe that this will be the case again with the integration of BlackRock infrastructure and GIP. Transformational transactions have strengthened our firm, have strengthened our culture and bringing top talent, new skills and experience into our organization. Our culture has evolved as we welcome new teams and colleagues to BlackRock. Today, it represents a blending of the best parts of the cultures that have come together over the years. What's made our acquisition so successful was our steadfast commitment to One BlackRock culture totally connecting to our clients with one platform, shared goals, a common Aladdin technology. And as a result, BlackRock is greater than the sum of any one part, and then that drives BlackRock's differentiating growth model. Reaching this moment is quite personal and emotional for me. Our firm's BlackRock and GIP have similar origin stories. We founded BlackRock on understanding investment risks and the factors and forces driving returns initially in fixed income and then across the equity markets and then globally. We wanted to help long-term investors better manage their risk in their portfolios in a scaled way through technology. That is what drove our early investments in Aladdin and all the investments we made since to enhance our understanding of risk factors to deliver superior outcomes for our clients. GIP started with a similar focus in the infrastructure space. Understanding operational risks and the factors and forces driving business efficiencies like BlackRock's focused on understanding risk and fixed income GIP built an active approach to analyzing and addressing operational risk. My partners and I had the privilege of pioneering the mortgage-backed securities market. Bayo and his GIP partners, in my opinion, pioneered modern infrastructure investing in private markets. And many of the BlackRock and GIP founders grew up in the same firms early in their careers, where we created common routes from shared experiences, most of them good, sometimes bad, and close flight relationships. The integration of BlackRock's existing infrastructure platform with GIP will result in a market-leading comprehensive infrastructure business with truly differentiated origination and asset management capabilities. GIP will be highly complementary and has limited overlap by client and investment programs for BlackRock's existing leading franchises. These include diversified infrastructure, Infradebt, Infra solutions, climate infrastructure and decarbonization partners. BlackRock has invested originally and has invested organically and inorganically growing our infrastructure platform, which has $50 billion in AUM, having tripled since our acquisition of First Reserve in 2017. BlackRock has already demonstrated our access to some of the largest pools of capital in the world. We're winning deals like ADNOC pipeline transaction and being chosen to partner with sovereign wealth funds and governments on significant climate infrastructure strategy. We have the sourcing capabilities, but greater AUM scale will enable us to have more sizable positions. The planned combination of GIP with BlackRock will accelerate investment scale enabling us to grow faster. BlackRock's deep relationships with clients, corporates, governments and sovereign wealth funds can accelerate investment opportunities. GIP's own lending proprietary deal flow -- leading proprietary deal flow has been supported by investment sizes, relationships and strong track record including a long history of successful JVs with large industrial partners. GIP's deals span the world and sectors. Their investments include Gatwick Airport, Edinburgh Airport and Sydney Airport. And Cypress One Data Center in the Port of Melbourne and several other major renewable platforms. Through the future combination of BlackRock and GIP will be able to connect our clients with bigger and better opportunities while also accelerating growth, diversifying revenues and generating earnings for our shareholders. Like Rob and I, Bayo and his partners are all founders. We're excited about the opportunity to have new partners and new colleagues. I'm proud that the consideration of this transaction consists of approximately 75% of BlackRock stock. GIP founders will become among the largest shareholders of BlackRock, and we plan to have Bayo join our Board of Directors post closing of our transaction. There is no question spiritually or financially about whether we are long-term partners. We have the same interest as significant shareholders alongside our broader shareholder base. Our One BlackRock culture has been central to our success over the last 35 years and cultural alignment has been core throughout our history of successful M&A. Here are founding to today, our firm is purpose-driven, focused on clients, focus on risk management and powered by data and technology, bringing our two businesses together result in an influx of top senior private market talent to BlackRock. GIP founders will lead our combined infrastructure platform with teams of talented investors and business builders. They bring with them a strong investment and performance culture and a commitment to working across One BlackRock. I'm confident we'll be looking back on today as another transformational moment in the BlackRock history. In a similar way, when we could look back at our acquisition of BGI, Merrill Lynch Investment Management and our early days building Aladdin. Our ability to adapt and to evolve and to grow has generated a total return of 9,000% for our shareholders since our IPO in 1999. That is well in excess of our S&P return of 490% and representative of a business model serving all our stakeholders. I truly believe we're better positioned than ever before in our history, and I'm very optimistic on the coming years ahead and the opportunities ahead for all of us. BlackRock was built on optimism. When we founded BlackRock, we knew clients would be at the center of everything we do. We had a deep conviction in the long-term growth and the importance of the capital markets in principle and practice, those beliefs remain core to BlackRock today. We are more connected to our clients as ever, thousands of clients on behalf of millions of individuals around the world have entrusted BlackRock with $1.9 trillion of net new business over the last five years. Thousands more use our technology to support the growth and commercial agility of their own business, years of organic growth alongside a long-term growth of the capital markets underpins our $10 trillion of client assets, which grew in 2023 by over $1.4 trillion. In good times and bad times, whether investors are adding or reducing risk, our consistent industry-leading organic growth demonstrates that clients are consolidating more of their portfolios with BlackRock. In 2023, our clients awarded us with $289 billion of net new assets during this period of rapid change and significant portfolio de-risking. BlackRock's differentiated business model has enabled us to continue to grow with our clients and maintain positive organic base fee growth. We've grown regardless of the market backdrop and even if most of the industry has experienced outflows. I think back to 2016 and 2018 when uncertainty and cautious sentiment impacted investment behaviors among institutional and individuals. Many clients de-risked and move to cash. BlackRock stayed connected with our clients. We stayed rigorous in driving investment performance, innovating new products, technologies and providing advice on portfolio design. Once clients were ready to move more actively step back in to stepping back into the markets, they did it with BlackRock, leading to new record flows for client flows and organic base growth at or above our targets. As we've seen before, when investors were ready to put money back to work, they did it with BlackRock. Flows and organic base fee growth accelerated at the end of the year. We generated $96 billion of total net inflows in the fourth quarter, and we entered 2024 with great momentum. I spent much of 2023 on the road, meeting with clients around the world, and I plan to do the same thing in 2024 starting this month. Our partnership approach and the performance we deliver is resonating both in markets where we have a long-standing presence and those where our profile is just beginning and strengthening. Companies and clients increasingly want to work with BlackRock. For companies where we are investors, they appreciate that we are a long-term consistent capital. We invest early and stay invested through cycles, whether it's debt or equity, pre-IPO or post IPO. Companies recognize the uniqueness of our global relationships, our brand and our expertise across businesses, markets and industries. This makes us a very valuable partner and in turn it enables us to be involved in their sourcing and in performance that we provide for our clients. For example, in November, our diversified infrastructure franchise invested $550 million in Stratos, a commercially scaled direct air capture facility in Texas which is expected to be the largest in the world upon completion. Through our funds joint venture partner, Occidental Petroleum, we are providing our clients with investment access to a bespoke energy infrastructure project. This is just a latest example of our sourcing and execution on numerous distinctive deals for clients over the last 18 months. In the United States, we partnered with AT&T and GigaPower JV and invested in Jupiter Power. Beyond the U.S., examples include such investments of Brazeau in Brazil, First Air in South Korea, Acacia Energy in Australia, like Takata Wind Farm in Kenya, just to name a few. Last month, we announced an innovative partnership with Altera that we will see a $2 billion investment in the climate opportunities across BlackRock's private debt and infrastructure equity strategies. This is one of our largest ever private markets mandates. It adds on to our very strong track record investing in the transition, including in emerging markets and extend our over $100 billion transition investment platform. BlackRock's global network of relationships, data, analytics and flexible, adaptable capital means we could source unique deals for our clients and mobilize assets and accelerate innovation and economic growth. Our active investment insights, our expertise, our strong investment performance, similarly differentiating BlackRock to the markets. We saw nearly $60 billion of active net inflows in 2023 compared to an industry outflows. Across our active franchise, BlackRock has delivered durable investment performance with 87% and 92% of fundamental equity and taxable fixed income AUM above benchmarks or peer medium for the past 5-year period. In ETF, BlackRock generated an industry-leading $186 billion of net inflows for 2023. Our long-term leadership of the ETF industry is another testament to our global platform and our deep connectivity with our clients. BlackRock is the most scaled, diversified ETF provider in the U.S. and globally. We are bringing the ETF benefits of liquidity, of price discovery and market efficiencies and access to investors around the world. Nearly half of the 2023 iShares net inflows were from ETFs listed internationally in local markets, led by our European iShares net inflows of $70 billion. BlackRock has the #1 share of the European ETF market where industry flows were up 70% in 2023. Catalyst trends that we saw in the U.S. years ago, like the growth of the fee-based advisory and model controllers are just beginning to take root in Europe. BlackRock takes a client-first approach to product innovation, and we continue to develop products that are suited for the new investment regime. For example, we launched 19 active ETFs in 2023, leveraging the benefits of the ETF structure to help clients reach the outcomes they seek. Some of these strategies provide access to the insights of our active portfolio managers such as Reader and Tony DeSpirito, other use an option strategy to generate income or provide greater downside protection, such as our buy right and buffer ETFs. And in the fourth quarter, we launched a series of LightPath Target Date ETF to provide an easier way to save for retirement, especially for the many Americans who lack access to a workplace retirement plan. Just yesterday, the iShares Bitcoin ETF began trading in another landmark moment that advances ETF innovation and expand access to Bitcoin for investors. We will continue to provide more convenient and cost-effective investment access across asset classes through innovation, through risk management and technology. Aladdin is the operating system united all of BlackRock and its fundamental and foundational to how we serve our clients across our platform. It is the key technology that powers BlackRock and it also powers many of our clients. The need for integrated data, integrated risk analytics and the whole portfolio views across public and private markets is driving the ACV growth of Aladdin. In 2023, we generated $1.5 billion in technology service revenues. Clients are looking to grow and expand with Aladdin, reflecting in strong harvesting activities with over 50% of the Aladdin sales being multiproduct. Through its dynamic ecosystem of over 130,000 users, the Aladdin platform is constantly in the state of innovation. Investments in Aladdin AI copilots, enhancements and openness supporting ecosystem partnerships and advancing whole portfolio solutions, including private markets and digital assets are going to further augment the value of Aladdin for our clients. We led our industry by both being an agent for and adapting to change. Our best years have followed tough years. And just as we continue to innovate and evolve our business to stay ahead of our clients, we are also evolving our organization and evolving our leadership team. As Martin mentioned, we undertook restructuring efforts that were designed to ensure we are aligning resources to our greatest growth opportunities and client needs. As part of this, a number of valued clients, valued colleagues and friends to part of the firm. We truly appreciate the contributions that they made to BlackRock and wish all of them well. We are continuing to anticipate with clients' needs and shaping BlackRock so they could be getting our insights, our solutions and the outcomes that they expect from us. As we look ahead, the rerisking of client portfolios will create tremendous prospects for both our public and private market franchises. These are the times where investors are making wholesale changes to the way they build portfolios, and BlackRock is leading the way in helping investors build the portfolio of the future, one that integrates public markets and private markets, and it's digitally enabled. We view that these changes are a big catalyst for BlackRock, we set ourselves up to be a structural grower in the years ahead with the diversified platform we built. And the need for integration data, technology and risk management will continue to drive demand for Aladdin. BlackRock was founded on the belief in the long-term growth of the capital markets. Our success has been shaped by a number of those calls and how we would evolve. Our client needs have always been our compass as we listen to them today, we have our eyes on themes we believe that will define the next decade of asset management. The continuum of blurring the lines across product structure, the unprecedented need for new infrastructure driving inflation protected current cash flow long-duration returns, the accelerating capital markets and asset management industry around the world. We are positioning ourselves ahead of these transformations by making three major changes in how we work and how we deliver for each and one of our clients. First, we're creating a new strategic global product and solution business that will work across all their investment strategies, asset classes, fund structures while enabling our ETF and index business across the firm. We have always viewed ETFs as a technology that facilitates investing and just as Aladdin technologies has become core to asset management, so has have ETFs. That's why we believe embedding our ETFs and index businesses across the entire firm, and that will accelerate further growth of iShares and every investment strategy within BlackRock. We are looking to the future, and we believe that ETF revolution that iShares lead will only continue to accelerate as BlackRock turns -- as our clients turn at BlackRock for ETFs as a preferred vehicle for investing in strategic and strategies of all types. If you can make an ETF or a Bitcoin, my Gosh, you can make an ETF or anything. Second, we are creating a new international business structure to provide a unified leadership to allow us to be simultaneously more global, but much deeper local in a fast-growing international markets. BlackRock has been a central player in the growth of the global capital markets, and this is including the developing of retirement solutions in every market around the world and bringing the benefits of ETFs to every market to assist them in growing their markets. And third, we are realigning our private markets business to further leverage the potential of GIP and to meet the growing needs of our clients for infrastructure and other private market investments. All of us at BlackRock have a lot of hard work and a lot of exciting work ahead of us. We have a track record of quick, intense and successful integrations. We'll be more naval and aligned with clients through our new architecture and with the aim to be delivering better experiences, better performance, better outcomes for all of our clients worldwide. I see excitement and incredible amount of energy in our offices. While there's a lot of hard work to come, there really is a bright future for all of us ahead of us. Over the past few months, we've seen decidingly more positive sentiment and tone in markets and among clients that are very optimistic will carry into 2024. And once again, we look forward to beginning this next BlackRock chapter with our new partners and colleagues at GIP. We entered 2024 with $10 trillion of our client money, we entered the year with strong growth momentum, and we entered 2024 as an organization positioned in the future for growth and prosperity. At BlackRock, we are energized by a never done attitude. And today, I really feel that we're just getting started. I see greater opportunity for BlackRock I see greater opportunity for our clients, and I see great opportunities for our shareholders today, tomorrow and stronger than ever before. Let me open it up for questions. As I mentioned, Bayo will also participate in the Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Craig. Happy New Year.
Craig Siegenthaler: I hope everyone is doing well, and congrats on the deal.
Laurence Fink: Thank you.
Craig Siegenthaler: My question is actually on the GIP deal. So this is a high-quality business, strong track record. It's big enough to go public, stay independent, but they chose BlackRock, and they decided to take stock. So I imagine gross synergies were a driver. So my question is really on the strategic rationale. How can BlackRock's global distribution platform accelerate their growth? And do you see specific client segments, and I'm thinking private wealth, where you see low-hanging fruit?
Laurence Fink: Great question. I think it will be answered by me and Bayo. So let me once again go over the strategic rationale. As I said in my prepared speeches, and I think Bayo would echo everything I'm going to be saying. We're just beginning, I would say, a very bright investment horizon for infrastructure. And as I said, deficits matter. More and more governments are going to have more difficulties to do deficit financing. And in turn, more and more governments are even focusing on doing more public, private. I think GIP's success in the U.K. and Australia are very good examples of working with governments in terms of helping them sell assets. But at the same time, using the private sector to improve the quality of services and GIP has been a leader in that. I believe that a lot of capital that it could be needed as we digitize everything, the need for upgrading our electrical power grids worldwide is a must. The capital associated with that is going to be enormous. In my travels around the world, more governmental leaders are talking about the need for energy independence. And they look -- if they have some form of energy, they're going to be trying to be doing more of that, but more importantly or just as importantly, the amount of capital they need to provide -- to develop more decarbonizing investments in wind and solar, to provide broader energy for their growth in their economies is very important. If we are going to decarbonize the world, the amount of capital and infrastructure is going to be very necessary. If we are going to be more and more reliant on interconnectivity worldwide, the need for the upgrading of ports is vital. As more and more human beings grow into a middle-class lifestyle, the demand for air travel grows dramatically, the need for high-quality airports grows dramatically. And so that's just one segment. And then when you think about corporations. Corporations historically disposed of divisions to private equity. We see more corporations instead of disposing divisions, selling portions of those divisions maybe keeping a major part of that, selling parts of their infrastructure or partnering with companies in their infrastructure, like the deal we did with Occidental Petroleum for Air Capture, the transaction BlackRock did with AT&T on 5G build-out across the United States. These are just a few examples, pipelines in the Gulf region. And so the industrial logic is pretty large in our opinion, that the next 10 years is going to be greatly about the expansion of the global capital markets and infrastructure. And so we believe the demand for capital in infrastructure will only to grow larger than larger. And as I said a few times in my prepared remarks. Having a long duration, high coupon inflation-protected asset is a very strong asset class for all of retirement funds. But importantly, as you mentioned wealth, we believe a great opportunity to providing to the wealth management products, these types of products so they can enjoy these type of long-duration assets. They're going to throw off these above what I would say, public market returns. And so I believe across the board, sovereign funds, both retirements, both in the defined contribution space and the defined benefit space, across the board, these are the preferred instruments. In my calls with clients today, I can tell you more and more sovereign wealth funds, see infrastructure as a major growth area in their asset allocation. I'm going to let Bayo talk about BlackRock and us. I would only just say at Black -- from the BlackRock side, we only had one target. We only had one organization where we believe in their business model. It was only one organization where we believe we had such complementary skill sets. And then most importantly, it's a team of leaders under Bayo that we believed in. And we believe that will create real opportunities for BlackRock, and I'm pleased that Bayo will be joining the BlackRock board post closing. And importantly, we look forward to having the intellectual capital that GIP is bringing alongside our superb team and infrastructure.
Adebayo Ogunlesi: What I'll add to that is I think Larry is exactly right. We are about leading the golden age of infrastructure investment. And so the question for us at GIP was always how do we accelerate what we do. We're going to keep trying to do what we are doing by ourselves, but we thought that looking at it from both point of view, from the point of view of infrastructure investing, Larry is right. We have tremendous tailwinds that are going to drive the demand for private capital infrastructure investing. On our client side, the pension funds are sovereign well funds the asset managers, infrastructure is what they want to invest in. They like the fact that infrastructure has very high yields, the average yield on our mature funds over the last 15 years annually is 8%, okay? That's in a world of zero interest rates. We generated 8% yield. They like the fact that these assets are uncorrelated to other asset classes. Think about what's going on today. Infrastructure assets are doing very well. We have 19 companies in our flagship funds, 12 of them had double-digit asset EBITDA growth last year, five of them, single-digit EBITDA growth. The only one that didn't was because it sold assets. Compare that to the other real asset class, commercial real estate, okay? So investors love the fact that these asset classes are not correlated. They like the fact there's a lot of downside protection, right? Because they provide essential services, okay? And so these are all sort of congruence that we thought how do we accelerate what we're doing. And the marriage with BlackRock is a marriage made in heaven. Rob Kapito said this is a deal where one plus one equals four. I'm not sure whether it's three or four, but I know Rob is directionally correct, okay? When we look at the two businesses, they're very complementary. BlackRock has built a terrific infrastructure business. They've tripled the size of it over the last years that they've owned it. But they make mid-market or mid-cup investments. We make large cup investments. We have a terrific infrastructure debt business. It's mostly investment grade, ours is mostly below investment grade. We have capital solutions business that we don't have. So if you put these two businesses together, we can go to clients, large cap clients, mid-cap clients, offer them a complete array of solutions. You want investment-grade debt, we've got. You want high method investment grade debt, we've got it, okay? And so we think this will allow us to accelerate the rate at which we can provide investment opportunities for our clients. And look, it's always nice to think you're right. The proof of the pudding is what people say when you call them. And as Larry mentioned, he and I have been on the phone with our clients. And this is what they've said. This is a fantastic transaction. One, for us as clients two, for BlackRock and three for GIP. Now I wish I have known that put BlackRock ahead of GIP because then going to ask for a higher price, but it's all worked out very well. And I think the other thing people should recall is -- and I hope Martin and Larry don't mind me saying this. We are taking 75% of the consideration in stock. The initial offer from BlackRock was actually a low model stuff, okay? We like the fact that BlackRock thinks their stock is undervalued. And the fact that we are taking 75% in BlackRock stock tells us we also think it's undervalue. And the final thing I'd say is we actually looked at -- Larry talked about how the call will be very different. I think that's absolutely true. But we've also looked at what BlackRock has actually done when it has acquired businesses. Interesting congruent, iShares or BGI, three trillion assets when they bought it today, 10 billion. Okay. So now it's 3.5 okay. Okay. So that's actually a little bit scary. Infrastructure, they triple the sites. So it's clear to me the supplemental message is we have to at least double the size of our infrastructure portfolio going forward. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Go next to Michael Cyprus with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Happy New Year. Congratulations on the transaction. Just curious what are the plans for integration. If you could talk about that a bit? And any particular lessons that you take away from other private market transactions, acquisitions that we've seen across the industry as you think about driving success here?
Martin Small: Thanks, Mike. Happy New Year. We have a really strong track record of successful integrations at BlackRock. And we believe this transaction will prove to be another success. I think Larry and Bayo spoke very much about the common cultures, the shared vision, the opportunities, the growth with clients. We know that GIP shares the same laser focus on clients and values that we do rigorous investment process in us and the structuring of the transaction was also done to reduce strain on teams and help facilitate the transition into new leadership in a more diversified platform. Some of the organizational changes that we also announced today are going to help us be more nimble and aligned with our clients. We've reorganized businesses for the future with the aim of delivering better experience performance and outcomes for clients. The thing I'd add is Larry talked about in his prepared remarks, our integrated operating platform, track record and integrations. We have built our private markets business with substantial inorganic activity going back all the way to the early 2000s and we built a lot of the existing infrastructure business that we have today, also through inorganic transactions that have been successfully integrated. So we've been doing this for 10 years in the infrastructure space and look forward to accelerating it with Bayo and his partners and the entire GIP team who have substantial experience in business building and alternatives. And the last thing I'll say just about integration is I think in many ways, this is a less complex integration in that these are highly complementary platforms that Bayo just talked you through in terms of some of the differences in investing acumen and solutions on the equity side, on the debt side. And so in many ways, we have limited amounts of overlap, both in clients as well as in the characteristic of our investment solutions. In many ways, that makes the integration, I think, nimble and easier to position with clients and more agile for us to bring the platforms together.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add one thing. Bayo and I are going to be on the road a lot. And we are going to -- with the combined organization, we have an amazing story. And we are going to be telling everyone the story from the corporation sides to governments. I just got an e-mail from a big government and saying, okay, there are things we could do more. So that was a nice e-mail that I just received. But I do believe our key is making sure our clients and the investors that have invested in BlackRock and GIP that they understand the merits of the combination and that they think this is even better for them. And our job is to make sure that everybody sees it and we execute that way. But we are very excited about this, and I look forward to being on the road with Bayo.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Brown with KBW.
Michael Brown: Maybe I'll just condition to the organic growth outlook here as we think about 2024. Obviously, there's been a lot of optimism around the acceleration of the fixed income flows and with what seems to be a more visible interest rate trajectory. So I had to hear about maybe some of your early conversations you're having with institutional clients regarding allocations and what they're -- and how you expect that to progress through 2024? And when you think about the fixed income inflows, where should we think about where that money will kind of shift from? Is it from the money market funds? Or is it kind of the ownership of direct securities moving into funds or from bank deposits? Just love some commentary on that.
Martin Small: Great, Mike, it's Martin. I'll start just on some of the organic growth outlook and then Rob will talk a little bit about your specific fixed income. In 2023, obviously, we delivered $289 billion of total net inflows and 1% organic base fee growth. We continue to have conviction here in our 5% base fee target over the long term. We've reached it on average over the last five years and met or exceeded it in six of the last 10. And importantly, I think the way our shareholders evaluate us, years marked by significant market volatility, 2016, 2018, '22, '23, we generated positive organic base fee growth. And these last two years, no doubt have been more challenged on base fee growth through tough markets, but we've continued to generate positive growth while the industry has seen decay. We don't aim, as you know, to be the fastest grower in any quarter or any year. We aim to deliver more consistent and durable organic growth through market and over the long term. I would note we saw excellent momentum to finish the fourth quarter. As I mentioned in my remarks, in November and December, we generated an annualized 6% organic base fee growth rate, and that, to me, suggests that we can trend towards our 5% through the cycle target as rates stabilize and the market is more constructive. This is some of the best organic base fee growth momentum we've seen since 2021. I do want to flag two things. The first of which is I'd particularly flagged that iShares in Europe is really well positioned, and I think it's going to be a bigger part of the organic base fee growth story over time. European ETF industry flows are up 70% year-on-year. European iShares had almost 50% flow market share. And a lot of the long-term trends that propelled the U.S. industry to high growth rates are taking hold in Europe. So I think it's just the beginning. We also see this combination with GIP and the potential for higher management fee growth in illiquid alternatives as bolstering, diversifying our overall organic base fee growth trajectory. So I'll give it to Rob on fixed income.
Robert Kapito: Yes. So I'll just add just two things, Mike. I wake up every morning salivating about the $7 trillion that's sitting in money market accounts that's waiting to move. And in order for it to move, you have to have a wide plate of products. That's what we have been developing in client solutions. A lot of this is going to come from money that's flowing into model portfolios, which we are the leader in. And a lot of it is going to come from digital wealth, which is a $17 billion global market. It's growing at 15% and ETFs are becoming the investors' preferred vehicle with access to investments. And then lastly, as we blend the active and passive business together, we're going to see a lot of active fixed income portfolios move into an ETF wrapper. We're the leader in ETF wrappers as well. So I think there's a huge, huge runway for fixed income and really the wind is right behind our back for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Happy New Year. Maybe just to ask about the infrastructure, another angle of this. Just your outlook for fundraising over the next one to two years, given your -- the products that you have and your thoughts around the growth in that $760 million of fee-related revenue. And maybe just the timing of it, I think you have -- you said it a successful fund of 2019, that was a $22 billion fund. So are you in the market now for a fund or will soon be and do you expect to exceed that? And then also just the -- in that retail channel, the desire to create democratized infrastructure products for retail investors that have some liquidity features?
Martin Small: Thanks. I'll start, and then I'm sure there'll be some additional color. First of all, clients continue very much to increase their allocations to illiquid alternatives in private markets. These are the client needs that drove our acquisition of eFront. They're the moves that bring us here today with GIP. And the moves that we've made organically and inorganically to build market-leading alternatives capabilities. At BlackRock, our alternatives client assets now total $330 billion, including liquid credit. Our private market to liquid alternatives have reached $166 billion in assets with about $140 billion in fee-paying AUM. And private credit, private equity solutions and infrastructure were the main drivers of Q4 and full year flows with $4 billion and about $14 billion, respectively. Since 2021, we've had excellent momentum in our private markets fundraising. We've raised approximately $96 billion of gross capital across our platform, and we continue to see good momentum with clients. We're building on vintages and strong track records, so we can scale successor funds. We expect our primary growth drivers, as I said, over the next three to five years to be infrastructure and credit private equity solutions, where we've built great franchises. We continue to see terrific opportunities. Larry and Bayo have really talked about what some of these are. But I do think BlackRock has a durable competitive advantage that's been built through our public markets, relationships with global corporates, our advisory work with sovereigns in the public sector around the world as well as our technology capabilities of the year and bringing together a lot of this public and private sector long-term objectives, officially moving capital to key drivers of industrial transformation. That's often when BlackRock at its best. So we're very optimistic and energized by our capital formation opportunities. particularly with our new partners at GIP. And I think as Larry and Bayo said, they're both going to be traveling a lot. So I'm looking forward to how those sessions, I think, will help us grow together. But importantly, I think really bring innovative solutions to corporates, through partnerships and unique public-private opportunities for us that will help grow our illiquid alternatives base and assets.
Laurence Fink: GIP is in the final stages of raising a very large fund, which because it's in the stages of raising the money that we cannot talk about it. So stand by. But it's in the late stages of fundraising.
Robert Kapito: The other thing is that we are very good at structuring product for the individual investor, the wealth investor, and I'm looking forward to working with Bayo's team to figure out how our teams can get together and democratize those investments because, as Larry mentioned before, this is such a perfect retirement product long duration, good yield, equity upside, it's going to open up new areas of growth that we have not tapped yet.
Operator: Next question comes from Brennan Hawken of UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Happy New Year. So curious, a question on the deal here. is this a deal that you would consider transformational? Or is this more indicative of a desire to continue to add more all its capabilities going forward? And then one, just sort of a little bit more granular, the roughly $400 million in FRE is based on 2024 forecast from what I can understand. Can you give maybe an indication about where GIP's FRE was for 2023?
Martin Small: Thanks, Brennan, for the question. It's Martin. First of all, this is unassailably a transaction that we consider transformational. Most definitely, our clients feel its transformation. The volume of e-mails, I can see on Larry screen suggests to me that it's transformational. And it's what we've talked about is transformational transactions. It's transformational in terms of the capabilities that BlackRock has and can offer to clients and it's transformational in terms of the financial and earnings impact to the firm. So those two axes are how we've always measured transformational in terms of our capabilities and in terms of the financial impact, and on both fronts, this is definitely a transformational transaction. GIP has generated really strong performance as well as FRE growth. I'm not going to comment on the 2023, it will let the 2024 speak for itself. But we continue to see great growth opportunities in terms of being able to expand fee paying AUM across the illiquid alternatives platform with the infrastructure as a priority as well as growing base fees in a way that adds to our 5% organic growth objective through the cycle.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add on some of our small and large transformational deals. Transformational deals could be as large as a BGI transaction. But if you remember, everyone, when we did that transaction, most people hated it. They did not see the merits, did not see the marriage of active and passive, did not think cultures can merge, did not understand ETFs as a technology. And as Bayo was saying earlier, what we bought BGI was under $300 billion in iShares assets, and now it's over $3.5 trillion. In the past 10 years, we acquired First Reserve when it had about $3 billion, and it's more than tripled its assets in a number of years in terms of infrastructure. Just recently, we acquired Aperio and the assets are up 95% since we acquired Aperio. And then just as importantly, in technology buying EBITDA-Front, we made a statement that good portfolio analytics are going to become very important, not just public market analytics. And we are now the leading technology platform, both in privates and publics. And you dovetail all of this is it's all wrapped around our global view of where the global capital markets are doing. The technology needs for markets and the movement. And I do believe all of this is going to be playing out. As I said in my prepared remarks, I truly believe infrastructure and Bayo reconfirm that infrastructure is at the very beginnings as the great need of capital and because of the type of asset it is, the demand for this type of investment is really going to be strong. And we believe, and this is what our statement is, we believe the next 10 years is going to be a lot about infrastructure. And this will become more and more of a major component of the entire private markets ecosystem.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, good morning, everyone. Happy New Year. How's it going? You guys have been pushing this idea that the $7 trillion in money funds will start to rotate into risk assets for a while now. But the historical data we can see from past Fed cycle does not really show that, at least from what we can see. And it looks like last year's flows maybe came more from the bank deposits than risk positions. So what are you seeing maybe that we can't see that suggest this cycle will be different? And if rates really are higher for longer, can't both money funds and bonds win with $17 trillion still sitting in bank deposits?
Robert Kapito: Yes. So it's Rob here. So the answer is it's going to be dependent upon rates and alternative investments. So I think history shows when the cycle stops, that's when people first start to re-risk. We saw about $40 billion come out of money market funds to us as people re-risk and then there's market volatility and it stops. So I think we have to get to what people will feel is the end of the cycle in rates, and then people will look. The benefit for us is then when they re-risk, they usually come into more precision investments, which are higher fee type investments and yield really matters. So I think if you look at it, there's a blurring between the bank deposits and the money markets, all dependent upon rates. But once that cycle stops and it's been a start and stop over the last year, at least, especially in the fourth quarter, but that's how we look at it.
Operator: Your next will be our last question comes from Bill Katz from TD Cowen.
William Katz: Good morning, everybody. Thank you, Larry. Happy New Year to you and the team. Congrats on the transaction. Sorry, my phone cut out a little earlier today, the hazards of working from home. So I missed a little bit of the Q&A earlier on. Maybe for Martin, perhaps just a little technical question at this point. As you sort of model out the modest accretion as you look forward, I was just sort of wondering, how do the economics on the performance fees work? It looks like you're keeping about 40% of the incremental opportunity. Wonder if you could just give us a sense of what kind of returns GIP has put up over time? And how does that flow down to performance fees? And then I would presume that as part of the guidance that this new fund that they're in the market for now that Larry is so intimate is going to be coming shortly would be part of the economics. And then when you say greater than the 50% FRE margin, can you sort of give us a little more sense on that? Can you [indiscernible] to back into the fee rate as well as the absolute margin?
Martin Small: Thanks, Bill. I'm sorry, your phone wasn't working. So it's great to hear from you. Happy New Year. So as we said, we expect the transaction to be modestly accretive to EPS and operating margin in the first full year post close. We expect it to be accretive to long-term organic asset and base fee growth over time. We are adding -- we expect to be adding pro forma $400 million plus of post-tax margin accretive FRE as a result of the transaction. The transaction is structured so that we're crying 100% of the assets and business of GIP. So all of the future management base fees will be within the transaction perimeter. And that's where we derive our estimates for the 2024 and beyond FRE growth in the business. In terms of thinking about the fee rates, the fee rates are relatively comparable overall to the BlackRock illiquid alternatives, but think north of 100 basis points in terms of how you're modeling that out. As you noted in the deck that we posted to the Investor Relations website, the transaction is that GIP owners and employees are keeping 100% of the carried interest for existing GIP funds and future funds will be 60% to the GIP teams and 40% to BlackRock. I'm not going to talk about fundraising or future funds, but we would expect those performance fees to come on in later years, not in the near term, given the trajectory for how vintages come on. And we'd expect improvement in the fee-related earnings growth over the next two years.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining our -- joining us this morning and for your interest in BlackRock. Our fourth quarter and full year performance is a direct result of our steadfast commitment to serving clients and evolving for our long-term needs of our clients. Our acquisition of GIP and the organizational changes will be transformational and accelerating our growth ambitions and delivering value for our clients and for our shareholders. Hopefully, everyone could hear that we are incredibly excited about the opportunities ahead of us. the opportunity of having partners like Bayo and his team, and we believe we have never been in a stronger position to grow with the global capital markets and to grow and being a very large client serving firm and helping our clients meet their future needs. Everyone, have a very good quarter and try to enjoy it as much as possible. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-13 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Small: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2023. Before I turn it over to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I'll be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. Rate hikes over the last 18 months mean that for the first time in nearly 20 years, clients can earn a real return in cash. In the short-term, this has benefited many portfolios. Investors have been able to generate positive returns while waiting for inflation to cool and for more policy certainty from central bankers. This weighting has weighed on industry flows, including here at BlackRock, consistent with prior periods of policy uncertainty like 2013, 2016 and 2018. At September's Federal Reserve meeting, central bankers decided to pause, keeping the policy rate steady, but communicated forward guidance that interest rates will stay higher for longer. We think this is good news. It begins to offer investors more clarity about time frames and entry points into fixed income and equities and a path to re-risking global investment portfolios. At BlackRock, we never pause. We've used this period of investor portfolio redesign to stay close to our clients. We're providing insights, advice, and solutions to help clients prepare to deploy assets following greater certainty on markets, terminal rates, and the shape of the yield curve. Clients entrusted BlackRock with $193 billion of total net inflows in the first nine months of 2023, representing 3% annualized organic asset growth. While our clients' decisions to take advantage of safe haven cash as they redesign portfolios are reflected in our third quarter flows, clients are actively engaging to do more with BlackRock. We believe the long-term trend of clients consolidating business with fewer managers will be accelerated as a result of this period. Third quarter gross fund sales were 95% of average levels over the last 12 months, and flows would have been meaningfully positive excluding a $19 billion single client index redemption and $13 billion of market-related precision ETF net outflows, so client momentum remains strong. Today, we manage $9.1 trillion in assets for our clients. These units of trust are $1.1 trillion higher than a year ago. Revenue is 5% higher, operating income is up 7%, and earnings per share increased 14% over this time period. Powering these numbers are clients' increasing use of BlackRock as a platform and staying within our ecosystem of capabilities, combining investment, technology, and portfolio servicing to meet their specific business needs. This platform approach is driving our industry-leading organic growth over the long-term. Market fluctuations and client risk appetite may temporarily lift or lower our AUM and revenues. But our focus remains on delivering BlackRock's platform to clients, through access to unique opportunities, expertise, and world-class client service. Our strategy is working, and clients are choosing to build bigger relationships with BlackRock. We've grown our asset base over the long-term with over $1 trillion of net inflows since the start of 2021 and over $300 billion of that in just the last 12 months. We know our shareholders and clients have high expectations of BlackRock. We believe in our 5% organic base fee growth target over the long-term, and we challenge ourselves to envision what it takes to rise above that target. We've said before that we don't strive to be the fastest grower in any given quarter, but we continue to drive durable, consistent organic growth, well above our peer group over the long-term. Third quarter total net inflows were $3 billion and included $49 billion of lower fee institutional index equity redemptions driven by client-specific index allocation changes. Institutional index equity represents less than 3% of BlackRock's total base fees. These lower fee strategies are often only a portion of our clients' overall relationships with BlackRock. For example, results included in the $19 billion redemption from a single client, but the clients working with us to extend its mandates and active strategies. Total quarterly annualized organic base fee decay of 2% reflected net outflows from higher fee precision ETFs and redemptions in active equity and retail liquid alternatives offerings. Third quarter revenue of $4.5 billion was 5% higher year-over-year driven by organic growth, the impact of market and foreign exchange movements over the last 12 months on average AUM, and higher technology services revenue. Operating income of $1.7 billion was up 7% year-over-year. Earnings per share of $10.91, increased 14%, also reflecting a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by lower non-operating income compared to a year ago. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 12%, reflecting $215 million of discrete tax benefits associated with the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters. We continue to estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2023. The actual effective tax rate may differ because of nonrecurring or discrete items, or potential changes in tax legislation. Non-operating results for the quarter included $127 million of net investment gains, driven primarily by non-cash mark-to-market gains in the value of our private equity co-investment portfolio. Third quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.7 billion increased 4% year-over-year, reflecting the positive impact of market beta and foreign exchange movements on average AUM, positive organic base fee growth, and higher securities lending revenue. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was up 2%. On an equivalent day count basis, our annualized effective fee rate was approximately two-tenths of one basis point lower compared to the second quarter. This was due to lower securities lending revenue, underperformance of non-US equity markets, and changing client risk preferences favoring risk off lower fee exposures. As a result of continued global equity and bond market depreciation toward the end of the third quarter, including the impact of FX-related dollar appreciation, we entered the fourth quarter with an estimated base fee run rate, approximately 3% lower than our total base fees for the third quarter. Performance fees of $70 million decreased from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower revenue from liquid alternatives. Quarterly technology services revenue was up 20% compared to a year ago, driven by sustained demand for our technology offerings. Current quarter technology services revenue also benefited from the impact of several large client renewals of their eFront on-premises licenses, for which accounting treatment recognizes a majority of the revenue at time of renewal. Approximately half of the year-over-year technology services revenue increase resulted from these eFront contract renewals. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 10% year-over-year. We remain committed to low- to mid-teens ACV growth over the long-term, driven by demand for Aladdin's broadening technology capabilities and the growing value proposition it presents for clients. Total expense was 4% higher year-over-year. Higher compensation and direct fund expenses were partially offset by lower distribution and servicing costs and G&A. At present, we expect full year 2023 core G&A to fall on the low end of our previously communicated guidance of a mid- to high-single-digit percentage increase. In line with this outlook, we would also expect fourth quarter core G&A to reflect seasonal increases in marketing spend and execution of planned technology investment spend. Our third quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 42.3% was up 30 basis points from a year ago, benefiting in part from the favorable impact of market movements on quarterly revenue over the last year. Our platform strategy has delivered scale and operating leverage through time, and we aim to be disciplined in driving profitable growth. We're prioritizing investments to propel our differentiated organic growth and drive operating leverage. We'll look to find more opportunities to variabilize expenses, generate fixed cost scale through technology and automation, and align investment spend with organic revenue growth potential. Our capital management strategy remains consistent. We invest first, either to scale strategic growth initiatives or drive operational efficiency, and then return excess cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. During the third quarter, we closed our acquisition of Kreos Capital, adding venture debt capabilities to our credit and private markets franchises. And earlier this week, we announced a minority investment as part of a strategic partnership with Upvest. Our M&A focus is on extending our capabilities in technology and private markets, tapping into revenue pools of adjacent industries, and building scale. We repurchased $375 million worth of common shares in the third quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares in the fourth quarter, consistent with our previous guidance in January. BlackRock had $3 billion of total net inflows in the third quarter, which were impacted by $49 billion of low fee institutional index equity redemptions. BlackRock was not immune to an overall slowing of investor activity, but we once again outperformed in what has been a challenging industry environment. Momentum in our ETF business continued with $29 billion of net inflows in the third quarter, led by core equity and fixed income ETF net inflows of $34 billion and $12 billion, respectively. Overall, ETF flows were impacted by redemptions concentrated in certain market-driven precision and fixed income products. The fourth quarter has historically been the strongest quarter of ETF flows for BlackRock when we've seen on average 35% of our annual ETF net inflows. BlackRock typically has been a large beneficiary of ETF industry seasonality related to year-end rebalancing and tax planning. In line with these historical results, we'd expect to see an acceleration in iShares ETF flows as we get closer to the end of 2023. With safe haven cash providing positive returns, retail net outflows of $4 billion primarily reflected industry pressure in active equities and liquid alternatives, partially offset by continued strength in SMAs through Aperio. Institutional index net outflows of $36 billion reflected the previously mentioned low fee index equity redemptions. Our institutional active franchise experienced $1 billion of net outflows, primarily from active fixed income, which was impacted by a handful of client-specific partial redemptions, including reinsurance activity. These outflows were partially offset by continued demand for our target date, illiquid alternatives, and outsourcing capabilities We've built our private markets capabilities across multiple years and we continue to see strong demand for our illiquid alternative strategies. We generated nearly $3 billion of net inflows in the third quarter, driven by infrastructure and private credit. We're only seeing bigger and better private markets opportunities for BlackRock and for our clients. BlackRock's relationships across the world drive our differentiated deal flow. Deal flow alongside great teams with great tech and great data mean we can deliver differentiated investment performance and grow vintage over vintage. We're investing as we scale our private markets platform by using our financial strength to bridge successor funds, facilitate growing co-investments activity and seeding new fund launches. These investments can unlock future revenue and earnings potential for our shareholders. Finally, cash management net inflows were $15 billion in the quarter. Money market funds have returned to earning yields not seen in nearly two decades. We're leveraging our scale and integrated cash offerings to engage with clients who are using cash not only to manage liquidity, but also to earn attractive returns. The current macro environment is causing some clients to pause, slowing overall activity in the asset management industry. Nevertheless, BlackRock has delivered positive organic asset and base fee growth over the last 12 months. We see significant opportunity to deepen relationships and consolidate our share with clients as they resume actively allocating assets. We're staying connected with our clients and positioning for what we believe can be massive growth unlocks. Looking ahead, we believe our platform strategy will continue to deliver for both our clients and shareholders, resulting in sustained market-leading organic growth, differentiated operating leverage and earnings and multiple expansion over time. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Martin. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining the call. I'd like to begin saying that our thoughts are with everyone who has friends, family, or loved ones impacted by terrorist acts in Israel. The violence and the loss of innocent lives has been shocking and truly heartbreaking. We at BlackRock will continue to do everything we can to support our colleagues and all our clients in the region. Turning to our results. Clients have always been at the center of BlackRock's growth strategy. I believe that BlackRock is better positioned today than ever before to help our clients achieve the long-term outcomes they need. We are having comprehensive conversations with clients globally on how we can partner with them to navigate on a new market regime and capitalize on investment opportunities. BlackRock is uniquely positioned in this environment to serve our clients with an integrated advisory, investment management and technology expertise, something no other asset manager can provide. Sustained organic growth and market appreciation has led to a $1.1 trillion increase in BlackRock's AUM, alongside margin improvement and 14% growth in earnings per share over the last 12 months. Clients have entrusted us with over $300 billion in net inflows over the same time period. Technology service revenues increased 20% year-over-year, reflecting sustained demand for Aladdin and eFront renewals from several large clients. We remain committed to delivering differentiated organic growth and margin. We've invested ahead of major opportunities for BlackRock in private markets, technology and whole portfolio solutions. Through disciplined execution, we aim to both grow client assets and drive profitable growth, unleashing financial success for our clients alongside revenue and earnings power for our shareholders. Structural and secular changes in business models, technology and most of all monetary and fiscal policy have made the last two years extremely challenging for traditional asset management, with a majority of industry players seeing outflows. BlackRock's differentiated business model has enabled us to grow consistently with our clients and maintain positive organic base fee growth since 2022. Investors face continued uncertainty. The S&P saw its best start to July in 26 years, but retreated in August and September. Central banks are being forced to keep policies tight as they lean against inflationary pressures. Two and 10-year treasuries climbed to 16-year highs as investors anticipated rates remaining higher for longer. Rapid advancements in technology and artificial intelligence, the rewiring of globalization, the transition to a low-carbon economy, aging populations, and a fast-evolving financial system are all macro trends clients are evaluating. As market dynamics shift and uncertainty increases, clients are pausing to think about the future, assessing their options, and seeking out BlackRock to take action. BlackRock's quarterly net inflows were not immune to an overall industry slowdown, as Martin discussed. Of course, I'm disappointed when we have softer flow quarters, but the long-term trends of clients consolidating more of their portfolio of BlackRock is only accelerating. Rate hikes over the past year and a half, the fastest in the US since the early 1980s, have made cash not just a safe place, but now a very profitable place for investors to wait for the time being. In short, investors are being paid to wait, something we haven't seen to this degree in years. Investors can earn 5% to 7% from conservative cash and bond portfolios. This dynamic reduces the near-term incentive to implement portfolio changes, resulting in temporarily slower client activity inflows. The degree to which investors have hunkered down in cash is shown by nearly $7 trillion in money market funds AUM across the industry. Investors will eventually put that money to work. We've seen this dynamic before, as recently as 2016 and 2018, when policy uncertainty and the ability to earn yields and cash resulted in temporarily slowing in activity. Through these times, BlackRock stayed connected with our clients, connected across our businesses, and what immediately followed those periods in the past were new records for BlackRock client flows and organic base fee growth at or above 5% target. We expect that investors will begin redeploying assets once there's a conviction in a terminal rate and the shape of the yield curve. We've seen that effect play out in prior cycles, most recently following the Fed pause in 2019, when flows rebounded, particularly in fixed income. BlackRock's integrated platform and deep, long standing relationships with clients position us to be a major beneficiary once flows return. We are the only asset manager delivering our platform as a service. Clients entrust us with $9.1 trillion in assets and we are serving them with excellence. We lead our industry in delivering accessibility, affordability and innovation. Times of uncertainty are often when transformational opportunities emerge. Moments in our history like this have led to new ideas, led to new partnerships and acquisitions. BlackRock has a strong track record of successful transformational M&A. Most people think of BGI and MLM when I say that, but I also think of acquisitions like eFront and Aperio. They have been smaller in size, but were also transformational in their own way. In both, we anticipated and delivered on our clients' needs. We scaled strong existing technologies and built new revenue streams for our shareholders. Organic growth in Aperio has been over 20% since our acquisition, and eFront revenues have grown nearly 50%, while also strengthening our value proposition and positioning in Aladdin and private markets. BlackRock has been a successful acquirer and today advancements in tech and AI, scaling of private markets and more attractive valuations means BlackRock is once again becoming increasingly engaged in M&A trend discussions. What made our acquisition so successful was our enduring commitment to fuse the best of the acquired companies into a stronger and faster-growing one BlackRock, fully connecting all parts of the firm to our clients. We have a proven history of realizing long-term benefits in areas of expansion. Today, we're similarly connecting with our partners across markets to lay the groundwork for future growth. In July, we announced an agreement to form Jio BlackRock, a 50-50 joint venture with Jio Financial Services, an entity carved out of Reliance Industries. India has been an integral part of the global platform and BlackRock is one of the largest international investors in India today. And almost 15% of our colleagues are located across multiple offices in the country. India offers enormous opportunities. Jio BlackRock represents a powerful new partnership in a fast-growing market where we see the potential to revolutionize India's asset management industry. We look forward to expanding our footprint with the ambition to improve the financial futures for millions of investors in India. BlackRock is working in India and markets around the world to lower the barriers to investing through accessible, affordable and transparent solutions. Another example of the new growth opportunities is our partnership and agreement we announced last month for BlackRock to be the asset manager partner of Monzo. Monzo is the UK's leading digital bank and we are launching a new investment offering for their eight million customers. Since launch, more than 250,000 Monzo clients have joined the waiting list for this new offering. And just earlier this week, we announced our partnership with Upvest to drive innovation in how Europeans access markets and make it cheaper and simpler to start investing. What we have seen in the markets after markets is that we can make investing easier and more affordable and we could quickly attract new clients. For first-time investors, the preferred way of investing is often through ETFs, and specifically iShares. Through investment and innovation, we've evolved our iShares ETF franchise to meaningfully increase access to global markets. This includes access for tens of millions of new investors. It also includes access for our most seasoned clients to use our ETF technology to actively allocate across all types of markets. BlackRock's ETF platform delivers industry-leading performance, choice and scale. With growing use cases, diversification and customization, ETFs and indexes are often and increasingly an important component of active management. Across our ETFs, BlackRock generated net inflows of $29 billion in the third quarter and nearly $100 billion year-to-date. Flows in core equity and fixing ETFs were partially offset by redemptions in precision ETFs in August and September, something we expect and have seen before in risk-off environments as clients use our ETF to actively manage their portfolios. These tactical allocation tools are unique to BlackRock, and their high utilization reinforces the value proposition associated with iShares' strong secondary market liquidity, its unique options, and lending markets. BlackRock's market-driven, long-duration fixed income product were also an important tool for investors to rotate at a longer duration position. The breadth of our ETF platform enables us to capture changes in client demand, keeping investors within BlackRock. For example, iShares treasury funds were three of the top-five grossing bond ETFs in the industry as investors shifted duration preferences in the quarter. Our market-leading levels of performance and liquidity helped our clients nimbly reposition as market conditions evolved. As we approach peak interest rates, we expect a resurgence in fixed-income flows, with clients capitalizing on higher yields. BlackRock is well-positioned to benefit from this reallocation with our comprehensive $2.6 trillion fixed-income platform. Going back to the periods immediately following the taper tantrum in 2013, or the Fed pause in early 2019, the industry saw a quick rebound in fixed income flows following rate stability. Both BlackRock ETFs and our active fixed income funds were large beneficiaries at that time. Our conversations with clients aren't about just active and just index, we work with clients to understand their investment challenges, helping them shape and execute strategic portfolio construction decisions. BlackRock is the only asset manager that can deliver outcomes in the context of clients' whole portfolios across market classes, asset classes, investment styles and in public and in private markets. Organizations are turning to the private markets with greater frequency for their capital and financing needs, leading to bigger and better investment opportunities for BlackRock and our clients. BlackRock's worldwide network of relationships with corporations and governments sourcing capabilities and a rigorous selection process helps us deliver unique solutions and drive performance for our clients across private market asset classes. In the third quarter, we announced that BlackRock is partnering with the New Zealand government to launch an over $1 billion climate infrastructure strategy. BlackRock's Decarbonization Partners joint venture also reached $1 billion in committed capital for its first round and has now invested in five portfolio companies. These initiatives are a real example of BlackRock's long-standing relationship with clients and how we deliver the entirety of our platform to pioneer solutions and meet our clients' evolving needs. We're also effectively scaling successor funds in private markets, delivering larger funds through raises of subsequent fund vintages. For example, we're on the 10th vintage of our flagship US Private Lending Fund. And we're in the market with a fourth vintage of our global diversified infrastructure equity fund series. Infra IV already raised $4.5 billion in initial investor commitments at close -- at the first close last year, achieving over half its targeted size. This is the next phase of successful scaling of the franchise. In 2020, our third fund in the series raised a total of $5 billion, surpassing the total assets of vintages one and two combined. Strong investment performance is critical to this momentum. Our flagship private equity fund currently stands at more than a 35% net IRR. We've seen double-digit net returns this year in our flagship private credit strategies. BlackRock's proprietary differentiated deal flow is what drives long-term investment performance and outcomes for clients. BlackRock's global network of relationships, data and analytics, and flexible, adaptable capital needs we get sourced a unique deal for our clients, and we are increasingly finding that opportunity seek us as much as we seek opportunities. Companies want BlackRock as an investor and a partner, recognizing the uniqueness of our global reach, our brand, and our expertise across markets and industries. Our growing profile from investments around the world in the US and Europe and Asia is leading to more and larger deal opportunities. BlackRock's global relationships and expertise in sourcing and underwriting, portfolio and risk management and technology and analytics allow us to unlock unique deals for clients. At the same time, our growing momentum in private markets is delivering value for our shareholders through organic growth and less beta-sensitive revenues. Years ago, we anticipated how clients would benefit from alternative investments being evaluated inside a portfolio level of risk management framework. This led to the combination of eFront and Aladdin, which has set a new standard in investment and risk management technology. The acquisition of eFront opened up a new segment of alternative GPs and asset services, and most importantly, enabled us to help clients across their whole portfolio. Our acquisition and integration of eFront continues to be transformational for clients. And we're seeing strong demand both as a stand-alone basis and for whole portfolio solutions across public and private assets. We now have a data platform and business that covers 13,000 funds and over 150,000 assets, a significant portion of the private market fund universe. We're redefining the industry expectations of transparency in private markets. Nearly half of Aladdin's clients are leveraging our newer offerings, including eFront, which is a true competitive advantage in the tech market. And as Martin spoke to, you saw eFront's contribution reflecting in this quarter's tech results. Investors and advisors are increasingly choosing a small number of scale technology platforms that offer everything in their ecosystem in one place. Aladdin worked seamlessly alongside other aspects of client investment processes and tech stack, serving as a foundation while enabling clients to create custom solutions to meet their specific needs. To get here, we also have developed deep integration with custodial banks, with fund accountants, broker-dealers, and other leading ecosystem partners. This flexibility and choice are just some of the reasons clients are entrusting us with the growing numbers of their portfolios. Going forward, we are confident that clients will continue to turn to Aladdin to unify their investment management process. BlackRock's willingness to reimagine our business, our ambition to partner comprehensively with our clients, and our drive to innovate ahead of their needs is translating into broader, into deeper relationships, and we see an incredible opportunity for us in front of us. We remain intensely focused on staying close to our clients, especially, during periods of market volatility and rising uncertainty. Clients are coming to us for advice, for solutions tailored to this macroeconomic environment, wanting to do more with BlackRock. Horizontal connectivity is critical. And our leadership team and an entire organization are coming together to differentiate ourselves in delivering for clients today and preparing to capture the money in motion we anticipate in the near future. As I've always done, I'm challenging our teams to continue to innovate and stay perpetually neurotic about staying in front of our clients. BlackRock will continue to lead in creating more access and connections between long-term investors, capital markets and the real economy. I'm incredibly excited about the opportunities I see for our clients, and especially for BlackRock, which will then lead especially for you, our stakeholders. Let us now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Hello, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. Hope everyone is doing well.
Laurence Fink: Absolutely.
Craig Siegenthaler: So my question is on the organic growth outlook. There were several low fee redemptions in the quarter. And also given that we're in year three of a bond bear market, your flows are arguably depressed versus a longer-term run rate. So, how do you think about the four organic growth trajectory and the potential money in motion? And specifically, do you expect to see a pickup in fixed income flows once the Fed is done raising, which could be very soon here?
Martin Small: Thanks, Craig. It's Martin. Let me just say a few things about organic growth and the outlook. So, just last 12 months, we've delivered positive organic asset and revenue growth, $300 billion in flows over the last year, $193 billion year-to-date. We, as I mentioned, have conviction in our 5% base fee target over the long-term. We've reached it on average over the last five years and met or exceeded it in seven out of the last 10. Our 5% organic growth target is better than 3% industry estimates. And we still feel we underwrite that number all the time together. We feel it's reasonable, it's attainable based on our product breadth, our solutions orientation, our technology capabilities. And when the management team looks at our client engagement and sales measures, we really do -- we see good momentum. As I mentioned in my comments, our Q3 gross fund sales were at 95% at average levels over the last 12 months. So we see those as good measures of engagement and our activity with clients. On the flows, we see them as just marked by this offsetting activity across our platform with some very specific client moves. The way I look at it, Craig, is, on the one hand, we had a combined $60 billion in net inflows. That's $29 billion from ETFs, it's over $13 billion in institutional multi-asset and target date in OCIO and it's $50 billion of cash. That right there, I think, is sort of right at a lot of the consensus or higher numbers. On the other hand, this was offset by the $50 billion of institutional index equity redemptions, with $19 billion from one non-US client. So, just in assessing how we're doing, the conversations with our clients, the momentum we have, we think the flows would have obviously been very positive, but for these re-balancings. As Larry mentioned, they happen from time to time, and they have very little impact to base fees. It's a low-single-digit point basis business. It's sub-3% of our revenue. But what I'd say is we managed close to $2 trillion of institutional index equity. We think it's a good business. These large AUM index relationships, they have meaningful franchise value for us beyond fee rates. A large mandate of index assets, Larry mentioned, it's typically only part of our overall relationship with a client, which has active alternatives, ETFs or advisory. And you've got to be a scaled player to be in this large index market. So, this is the business we're in, and from time to time, it can impact the flow number, and that's something that we don't manage quarter-to-quarter. We look at over the long-term. On organic base fee growth, I also think it's good to simplify this, Craig. Q3 base fees were impacted by mix. And I think those really come from two areas. We had $13 billion of redemptions from precision ETFs, which Larry mentioned, are unique to BlackRock and important vehicles for clients and also part of our platform strategy in terms of how clients stay with iShares and move from EM to DM to high yield to treasuries, and we had $2.5 billion of outflows from retail liquid alternatives. And you'll remember, Craig, because I know you love the page, from our Investor Day that we showed the average fee rates across different segments of our products and services. And if you were to take those average fee rates and the fee rates available on our public website for '40 Act alternatives, just for illustration purposes, the order of magnitude of base fee decay would be $60-plus million. So, I hope that gives you a sense of what weighed on base fee growth this quarter. It's largely in those things that we know have long-term franchise value, have grown over time and added to earnings. But in any quarter-to-quarter, they may weigh on the fee rate and on the base fee growth. Over a cycle, Craig, we still see a really clear path to 5% plus organic base fee growth with our platform strategy. We keep growing and scaling private markets, the re-risking of global investment portfolios. We're continuing to see high-teens growth in tax-managed direct indexing with Aperio. Rob will talk a little bit, hopefully, when I'm done, about the generational opportunity in active fixed income and bond ETFs, model portfolios and iShares, where we think half our ETF growth will come through models. So, we still see big opportunities to continue to hit those targets and beyond. Rob, do you want to say a couple of things about fixed income?
Robert Kapito: So I think most of the questions are going to concern the why, the where, and the when. And so, the yield curve is the most inverted that it's been since the 1980s. So, maybe, Larry and I can add a little value since we were there at that time. And investors are really getting paid to wait. And money market funds have nearly $7 trillion in assets under management. So that's $7 trillion. And as we approach the peak in interest rates, we expect that there are going to be some very, very large allocations to fixed income. And I'm sure someone will call it the great reallocation. And the reason is, today, there are better opportunities to invest in bonds than have been in the years. Over 80% of the bond market is yielding over 40%, enabling investors to derive a large part of their liability needs from owning bonds and access returns with less risk. So, as Martin just said, we are so well-positioned to benefit from this reallocation with our comprehensive $2.6 trillion fixed income platform, which spans unconstrained total return, municipals, and actually the entire yield curve. So with more money in motion, and it will be in motion, BlackRock will benefit as clients build fixed income allocations with higher-performing active, alongside of ETFs and private market strategies. In particular, right now, clients are focusing their opportunity in the short end of the curve, and of course, in private credit. So when? Well, we have historically seen a rebound in fixed income following rate stability. And this year's yield spikes have been mostly from market re-pricing and policy rate expectations. There is a lot of concern over US debt levels and large treasury issuance, and investors are demanding a higher premium. So, if we go back to the periods immediately following the taper tantrum in 2013 that Larry mentioned, or the Fed pause in early 2019, the industry saw a very quick rebound in fixed income flows. Both ETFs and active fixed income funds were the beneficiaries. So when? Well, once there's more certainty on a terminal rate and the shape of the yield curve, then we expect more deployment into fixed income. And I'll recap it. A slowdown in short-term issuance and more balanced term structure of interest rates are the indicators we're looking for in anticipation of accelerating demand for immediate and longer duration fixed income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Question on M&A. Larry, you've suggested that you're open to large transformational M&A. I was just hoping you can articulate why that is the case. What's changed versus a couple of years ago, as I don't recall you mentioning large transformational M&A couple of years ago? Maybe you could talk about some of your objectives and aspirations there. And if you could help clarify what might be the focus area versus maybe what's off the list completely.
Laurence Fink: So, obviously, the foundation of the firm and the -- was Milliman, the BGI transaction. But we've been quite active in deals and partnerships, whether it's Jio BlackRock partnership that we're working on, which I think will be transformational. That's not an M&A deal. But our Aperio deal, our eFront deal, are great examples of execution, precision, with 20% and 50%, respectively, increase in revenues in both those businesses. I would look back and say, we spent about $4 billion on M&A over the last five years. And I'm now challenging all of us, including myself, about what are the ecosystem changes that are around today. And I -- if you look back when we did the big transactions, there was a lot of market on settlement, and I think there is quite a bit going on now, big shifts. And so, we are looking at different opportunities related to technology, private markets. We're always engaged in conversations. But I'm challenging the team and myself to really -- to think more broadly and more openly about the opportunities we have. And we're engaged. We're engaged in a large way across the world, across the opportunities. That is not going to be displacing the opportunities of partnerships like the partnership with Monzo, the partnership with Reliance Industries and Jio Financial. We see those going to be additive. They inform us. They help us be more connected. We see different opportunities. And so, we're challenging ourselves. We are engaged in a lot of conversations right now, probably more than we have been in many, many years. And we'll see how this all plays out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blostein: Hi. Good morning, Larry. I appreciate the comments earlier. Maybe just another one around M&A. So, it sounds like you have a pretty wide lens through which you're considering different targets or partnerships. Can you remind us about financial targets for a potential deal for BlackRock from an EPS accretion? And any other kind of framework you could put around what a potential deal could look like? Thanks.
Laurence Fink: I'm going to hand it off to Martin.
Martin Small: Hi, Alex. It's Martin. How are you? So, the centerpiece and hallmark of the M&A strategy here has always been about accelerating organic growth. It's been about developing capabilities that we don't have and or de-risking capabilities that we're building. And I'd say when you look at eFront, when you look at Aperio, when you look at many of the transactions Larry has talked about, that's really been the center of the strategy. It's about accelerating organic growth and delivering for clients. And as Larry said, in the last five years, we've spent about $4 billion on M&A. We're not capital-constrained. We have ample debt capacity. And so our goal is to be able to drive earnings acceleration and also deliver more for our clients through M&A.
Laurence Fink: I would just add one more thing related to that. Martin, I just want to double-down. We have a lot of debt capacity. We have a lot of opportunities. And we're really refocusing on where can we be additive. The one thing that I could tell you, when we do integrations of firms, we are not going to be a boutique. We are going to be organizing it and building it out. We love the opportunity of having Aperio, but it's a part of a big organized firm. We love eFront. It's organized around the whole Aladdin ecosystem. But it is not -- we're not building a boutique of different fragments. We're building a unified organization. As Martin said, to be additive in revenues, additive in client connectivity, and additive in reach, reach in technology and reach in product.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Dan.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Hi. Another question on flows, active equities and alternatives, both higher fee segments and, I think, key contributors to you hitting your long-term base fee target. Can you talk about the trends in those businesses outside of maybe just the seasonal stuff for 3Q? But really, as we think about the next 12 months, 24 months, the kind of funds and growth outlook you think for both, obviously, alternatives, but then also the active equity segment?
Martin Small: Thanks very much for the question. So, when I think about the active equities business at BlackRock, we had continued to see a very strong active equity business over the last three years. We've generated over $30 billion in active equity net inflows, while our average AUM has grown by 34%. And so, while, again, quarter-to-quarter and year-on-year, we'd fully expect to see, particularly in this environment, some rotations out of equities and into cash, which has been the main theme, I think, of this call and the many others, we still see really strong growth in the business. And we think it's fundamentally a big part of client portfolios. I do think over time, in our product strategy, you've seen we've been adding, for example, transparent active ETFs, through which we'll be growing our active equity business and our other active businesses. And so, we think about these over time as being delivered through multiple rampers and an integral part of our base fee growth strategy.
Robert Kapito: And let me just add to that. Because we have to be a little bit careful about what we call active, because people are active with both their index and their ETFs through models and I would prefer to say it's active as we originally knew the definition alongside of all of our ETF products. And when is active going to continue to have more flows? When you can add outflow? And we're going into an environment where I believe active flows will be greater because there are now more opportunities to add alpha than there has been before. So we've seen $65 billion of active net inflows in 2023 year-to-date, which compares to industry outflows. And part of that is coming from some of the different pockets that we have created that require more active than passive management. So, we continue to see strong demand in the private markets and in LifePath. These are the strength in income-oriented equities total return in core bond strategies. So just to give you an idea, since 2019, positive active flows have been in 16 out of the 19 quarters. And a lot of that also depends upon performance. And that's what we've been able to keep our promise to with our clients and will drive active inflows going forward.
Laurence Fink: One more last thing on this, Dan, I would just say, we have committed enlarging our iShares platform globally. I think that's going to be an integral part of what we're doing in India. But if you look at the trends of ETFs in the year-to-date, in Europe, ETF flows are up 70%. In the US, the ETF flows are actually a little lower than they were last year. But as we continue to build out our platform globally, we become a very large beneficiary. And what is happening in Europe, the rise of its capital markets and the utilization of ETFs as an instrument of active and an instrument of exposures and an instrument of passives, we're winning big market share in that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe, Rob, if we could just go back to institutional fixed income, a different angle of this being the prospect of pension plans immunizing their portfolios given how much longer-term bond yields have improved. What do you sense as sort of, I guess, first of all, the potential magnitude of that switch, of that reallocation to immunizing the plans as you talk with your clients and then sort of the timing of that? Are they also waiting for yields to peak to do that or is it more seasonal or something that might actually do by year end?
Laurence Fink: Great question. I mean we've consistently large-scale immunization in the UK pension fund world, a major component of the entire UK market, to find benefit plans have been immunized already. Over the last five years, about another $4 billion to $6 billion that have moved out and been -- and more and more immunized. I don't see that happening yet at a 5% or a 4.5% environment yet. But if we peak long rates at 5.5%, 6%, if the yield curve becomes more steep instead of flat or inverted, that's when you're going to see it. I think it's more of the shape of the yield curve where you're going to start seeing more and more people thinking about immunization. Unquestionably, on the margin, you're going to see some pension funds immunize. And it will -- depending on that type of flow, it is going to put some pressure on the equity market as money moves out of equities and permanently go into long-dated bonds. We're having conversations with a lot of organizations on that. And so I can tell you there are a lot of -- there are quite a few pension funds now because our liability rate has been reset at a higher rate. They are getting closer to their -- to matching. This is more corporate plans, not state plans. And that occurs you're going to see a significant de-risking. Instead of that, we are actually seeing more and more companies looking to earn higher returns in credit and infrastructure right now. They're trying to lock at higher returns that way. But we haven't seen a major shift of duration extension in the treasury market. And I think that's very evident right now. And that's why I think the yield curve is flattening out right now. But we are seeing significant interest level with a lot of pension funds to take -- bring down their -- I would say, their exposure in equities, to bring down their exposure in some components of alternatives and focus on income-oriented alternatives to really get an 8%, 9%, 10% type of coupon return. Rob, do you want to follow up on that?
Robert Kapito: Yeah, I'd just add a couple of things. That's a really great question, because I think I'd speak for Larry. We haven't heard the word immunization for a very, very long time and we've been visited by several pension plans to talk about that. Obviously, it's rate-driven. I think the number is going to be 7% plus that they're going to have to get. And if you want to do a little history, in 1995, you can have a portfolio of all bonds and get a 7.5% return. So when you add that together with the environment I described before that might be coming. Now, there's a step before that. And we have been the beneficiary of a lot of these plans, finding that it's too complicated, they were very barbelled. They're not sure what the reallocation could be. It's hard to find the people to do this in the locations that they are and they don't have the technology. So we've been the beneficiary through what we call the OCIO business. And we have had a significant amount of large wins in that business to help them with the appropriate reallocation. I think the next stage of that in the future might be more institutions may be going into immunizing the portfolio. But as Larry said, it's really rate-driven. We're not that far away. But a lot of things have to happen before then. And a lot of that, of course, will be done in the bond market, which, in my previous answers, really adds fuel to the fire where we could be a very big participant in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please, go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Brennan. How are you?
Brennan Hawken: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just kind of curious about -- thinking about expenses here. Martin, you spoke to coming into the low end of the range on the core G&A, which is certainly encouraging. But right now, it's probably a time when you all are beginning to sharpen your pencils on the budgets here into next year. The environment -- BlackRock is incredibly well-positioned, as you all have hit on several times here today, but the environment is challenging. And so how are you thinking about 2024? And how should we be thinking about that as we refine our models today? Thanks.
Martin Small: Thanks, Brennan. Just -- I will reiterate, we expect full year G&A to fall on the low end of our previously communicated -- committed guidance of mid to high-single-digit percentage increase, still accept to keep our headcount broadly flat for this year, as we've said in the last two quarters. And just on outlook for expense, and I suppose, margin, again, our strategy for driving values to deliver organic growth, differentiated in premium operating margin and consistent capital management policy. We're focused on investing for profitable growth. When I think about operating leverage in a higher for longer rate environment, you've heard on our last few calls that we're looking to make more concentrated investments in places that can drive higher organic growth, deliver more operating efficiency, but we're also looking to add flexibility to the cost base. But most importantly, Brennan, we're looking to drive more fixed cost scale that comes through technology, automation, organizational design and foot-printing. There are so many exciting things happening at BlackRock on that front. We launched our BlackRock AI Lab back in 2018. We've been using artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing in our systematic business going back 20 years. And we have teams all over these things for how we can scale trading, pricing, operations, client service and even automation to make our software engineers most productive. So if you ask me where are we going to focus investments going forward with a particular sharp eye, I look at our total annual operating expense of about $11 billion and our largest fixed investments by dollars and importance, that's our really talented BlackRock employees. So giving them more tools to enhance productivity, from large language models to better CRM, tools that help clients customize and self-service, like our BlackRock Advisor Center, those are going to be some of our best opportunities to deliver, I think, long-term profitable growth and where we'd be looking towards our expenses. But also, we've got great investments that I think Larry alluded to that are in commercial partnerships. Those are with TAMPs, neo brokers, digital wealth platforms, other distribution venues. So we'd invest some of that. It will be fixed M&P. Some of it will be variable distribution and servicing, which gives us some more resilience. That's some of the variablizing of expenses that I've talked about. But they all have the potential to accelerate outsized growth for iShares and other BlackRock investments. And our budget for 2024 is going to look to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible and expanding our premium margin over time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and your continued interest in the organization. BlackRock's underlying business momentum remains incredibly strong. And we believe there are more money being put to work as investors glean clarity on the path, the path of rate movements, related to geopolitical issues and more people are seeking opportunities with BlackRock. I do see great opportunities ahead for our clients and look forward to delivering more opportunity for you, our shareholders, our investors. And I want to thank you for your continued interest. Have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-14 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Katie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time. I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Martin.
Martin Small: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the second quarter of 2023. Before I turn it over to Larry, I will review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results. I'll be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. As a reminder, beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we updated our definitions of as adjusted operating income, operating margin, nonoperating income, and net income. The adjustments exclude the compensation expense impact of mark-to-market volatility associated with certain deferred cash compensation plans and the non-operating impact of an economic hedge, which the company began in 2023. Clients entrusted BlackRock with an industry-leading $190 billion of net inflows in the first half of 2023. Our $9.4 trillion in assets, 9.4 trillion units of trust are up over $830 billion since year end. This increase reflects continued strong organic growth and ongoing client confidence in the work that BlackRock is doing on their behalf as markets evolve. Clients choose BlackRock for performance. We delivered durable long-term investment performance by executing on alpha opportunities, sourcing unique deals and managing risk. The foundation of a market-leading asset management platform is comprehensive, high-quality investment products, with strong long-term investment performance. Investors and asset owners choose portfolio goals and BlackRock enables them through our investment products and solutions. This is BlackRock's platform as a service and action. We bring together the entire firm to combine investment technology and portfolio servicing capabilities to meet client's specific business needs. Our diversified platform strategy backed by strong performance is powering our differentiated industry-leading organic growth. It's widening our gross premium as clients choose to do more with BlackRock, while much of the Asset Management sector faces continued outflows. Clients are coming to BlackRock for performance in scale, using our platform as a service to streamline and support the growth and commercial agility of their own businesses. This is leading to clients consolidating more of their portfolios with BlackRock and both first half and second quarter net inflows were positive across regions, client types, and active and index. In the second quarter, BlackRock generated total net inflows of $80 billion, representing 4% annualized organic asset growth and 2% annualized organic base fee growth. Second quarter revenue of $4.5 billion was 1% lower year-over-year, primarily driven by the impact of market movements over the last 12 months on average AUM mix. Operating income of $1.7 billion was down 3% year-over-year, while earnings per share of $9.28 was up 26%, reflecting meaningfully higher non-operating income compared to a year ago. Non-operating results for the quarter included $158 million of net investment gains, driven primarily by non-cash mark-to-market gains in the value of our private-equity co-investment portfolio. Our as adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 25%. We continue to estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2023. The actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Second quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.6 billion was down 2% year-over-year and reflected the impact of underperformance on non-U.S. equity markets and fixed income market movements on our average AUM, partially offset by higher securities lending revenue. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was up 3%, reflecting higher average AUM and securities lending revenue and the impact of one additional day in the second quarter. On an equivalent day count basis, our annualized effective fee rate was 0.2 basis points lower compared to the first quarter, mainly due to divergent equity beta and changing client risk preferences. Performance fees of $118 million increased from a year ago, primarily reflecting higher revenue from illiquid alternatives. Business momentum remains strong across our technology platform with clients turning to Aladdin for business transformation and scale enablement. Clients are increasingly partnering with BlackRock for integrated technology solutions and approximately half of our year-to-date mandates have been across multiple technology offerings such as combining eFront with core Aladdin. Quarterly technology services revenue was up 8% compared to a year ago, reflecting this demand but also the impact of negative fixed income market movements over the last 12 months on client positions on Aladdin. Sequential Technology revenue reflected the successful completion of integrations for several large clients that went live on Aladdin in the second quarter. Annual Contract Value or ACV increased 8% year-over-year. We remain committed to low-to-mid-teens ACV growth over the long-term driven by demand for Aladdin's broadening technology capabilities and the growing value proposition it represents for clients. Total expense was modestly lower year-over-year. Lower incentive compensation and distribution and servicing costs were partially offset by higher direct fund expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was flat year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower incentive compensation due to lower operating income, offset by higher base compensation. Direct fund expense increased 13% year-over-year and 9% sequentially as a result of higher rebates in the prior year quarter and higher average index AUM. G&A expense was flat year-over-year, partially due to timing of planned investment spend. Our second quarter as adjusted operating margin of 42.5% was down 120 basis points from a year ago, reflecting the negative impact of market movements on quarterly revenue. Our platform strategy has delivered scale and operating leverage through time with 240 basis points of margin expansion in the last 10 years. Markets have improved since the end of 2022 and we aim to be disciplined in driving profitable growth by prioritizing investments to propel our differentiated organic growth and operating leverage. In line with our guidance in January at present, we would expect our headcount to be broadly flat in 2023. We would also expect a mid-to-high single-digit percentage increase in 2023 core G&A expense. Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We continue to invest through prudent use of our balance sheet to best position BlackRock for sustained success, primarily through seed and co-investments to support organic growth. At times, we may make inorganic investments where we see an opportunity to accelerate growth and support our strategic initiatives. Consistent with this inorganic strategy last month, we announced the private markets acquisition and a minority investment as part of a technology partnership. We expect our acquisition of Kreos Capital to close in the third quarter of this year, adding venture debt capabilities and further bolstering BlackRock's Global Credit franchise. Through our technology partnership with Avaloq, we aim to link Aladdin Wealth and Avaloq's core banking system, which will ultimately scale both businesses and better serve joint clients. We repurchased $375 million worth of common shares in the second quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year, consistent with our previous guidance in January. In May, we capitalized on the improved conditions for debt issuance, issuing $1.25 billion of 10-year debt at a coupon of 4.75%. We expect to invest the proceeds of the offering at substantially the same rate as the cost of borrowing, effectively eliminating incremental cost of carrying additional debt in 2023. Our ambition is to be the cloud of investment management and technology We organized around three key principles, access, expertise, and service, to deliver value to our clients. Our platform strategy backed by these three principles drove $80 billion of total net inflows in the second quarter. Broadening adoption of iShares ETFs by asset managers, insurance companies, and wealth managers fueled net inflows of $48 billion in the second quarter, led by fixed income ETF net inflows of $35 billion. Our iShares range to unlocking client demand by providing efficient and expanded access to broad swaths and finer slices of the bond market. Retail net inflows of $4 billion were led by strength in index SMAs through Aperio and broad-based net inflows into active fixed income. BlackRock's institutional franchise generated $5 billion of net inflows in the second quarter. We're partnering with clients across their whole portfolio and our clients are leveraging our scaled advisory asset allocation, OCIO, and technology services. Institutional active net inflows of $9 billion included demand for customized LifePath Target-date mandates and illiquid alternatives. Private markets continue to scale in the quarter. Net inflows of $3 billion represented 10% annualized organic asset growth and were led by private credit and infrastructure. We have approximately $30 billion of non-fee paying committed capital to deploy in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. Finally, cash management net inflows of $23 billion in the second quarter were led by U.S. government money market funds. We're actively working with clients on their liquidity management strategy, providing technology, market and operational insights, and of course, a full range of cash management capabilities. Looking ahead, we see significant opportunity to grow our market share and consolidate our position with clients as they choose to do more with BlackRock. We're the only asset manager delivering platform as a service. We believe our platform strategy will continue to deliver for both our clients and shareholders resulting in sustained market-leading organic growth and differentiated operating leverage over time. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Martin, and good morning to everyone, and thanks for joining the call. Throughout our history BlackRock has been serving clients, we listen to them, we deliver to them as a fiduciary, and we evolve our capabilities to help them achieve their long-term outcomes across market regimes. We bring together the entire firm as a platform to deliver client outcomes. That's the defining factor of BlackRock's differentiated and industry-leading leadership. As many of you have heard at our Investor Day last month, we are building the sole platform strategy in asset management that brings together product, services, and technology to solve our clients' investment in technology needs. We envision BlackRock to be the Investment Manager Cloud for asset managers and for asset owners. BlackRock's industry-leading results reflect our clients continued confidence in our long-term performance. We are delivering sustained organic growth and base fee growth even as the traditional asset management industry logs persistent outflows. BlackRock generated $190 billion of total net inflows in the first half of 2023, including $80 billion in the second quarter, reflecting positive flows from wealth and institutional clients across regions. We grew technology services revenues and ACV as clients leverage Aladdin to support our investment processes fees. And we again delivered strong margin for our shareholders. Our scaled platform and technology allows us to invest for future growth, while maintaining a differentiated margin, which we expanded in seven of the last 10 years. Organic growth combined with positive markets and foreign exchange movements had led to an over $830 billion increase in BlackRock's AUM in the first six months of 2023. And as I speak with clients, I hear all their expectations of asset managers are expanding. It's why clients are doing more business with fewer managers. Clients are seeking a broad range of integrated services alongside a strong performance track record to help them achieve their desired outcomes. Clients value BlackRock's unparalleled breadth and investment strategies, which span regions, index, and active in both public and private markets, and are confident in our ability to deliver the investment performance they need through durable alpha and active proprietary deal flow in private markets or proper index tracking of ETFs. Through our diversification and strong performance, we can help clients better match their long-dated liabilities, achieve their operational objectives, and streamline their processes. This better enables them to address the needs of their own stakeholders. Today, client conversations more often move beyond products, they're about portfolios, they're about business transformation, and how they could benefit from BlackRock's platform scale. That evolution from product to portfolio to platform creates enormous growth potential for BlackRock and we are intentionally organizing ourselves around our clients, which helps ensure the one BlackRock we deliver is greater than any one part of the organization. Investors are facing a complex landscape of competing fiscal and monetary policies, with a number of structural forces shaping returns now and over the long-term, these forces include a fragmented geopolitical landscape, causing rewiring supply chains, a transition to a lower carbon economy, and the aging population in the developed world, all of which are likely to be inflationary over time. This year U.S. equity market rally has been fueled by just a few technology firms and hope that artificial intelligence will gain widespread adoption. I believe AI has a huge potential to enhance productivity and transform margins across sectors. It may be a technology that could bring down inflation, but in the meantime, potential banks continue to face a sharp tradeoff between living with some inflation and/or damaging economic activity. Against this backdrop, clients are turning to BlackRock to provide insights to help them manage risks, to capture new opportunities, and to implement enterprise technologies. Clients are choosing BlackRock for our platform, combination of technology, and advisory alongside ETF, active investing, and private market capabilities. Our ETF platform and franchise cuts horizontally across client's products in the market ecosystem to provide access to the expanding world of investments. BlackRock captured the number one share of ETF industry flows in the second quarter of 2023, generating $48 billion of net inflows. These industry-leading net inflows was led by continued demand for iShares bond ETFs and we aim for our bond ETF AUM to more than triple to $2.5 trillion by 2030. This is not just because of the generational opportunities in fixed income, but because bond ETFs are also delivering benefits such as access, transparency, and liquidity to both institutional and wealth clients at an accelerating pace. BlackRock will continue to drive bond ETF innovation and growth as the bond market modernizes and as investors moved to capture significant opportunities in fixed income. Our ETF business is evolving to increase access to all kinds of markets more efficiently with more transparency and more conveniently than ever before. We recently completed the largest global ETF launch in history with two transition focus ETFs. The launch is another example of our commitment to provide choice and access to our clients through the breadth of our leading transition and ETF capabilities. The ETF launch was nearly $3 billion in seed capital as we connected with BlackRock to execute on innovative client solution. Our clients are also focused on outcomes and this manifests in the portfolio blending active index private markets and cash. We often talk about how index ETFs are being used actively by all types of investors and active managers are increasingly leveraging the many benefits of ETF wrapper. In May, we launched two active ETFs led by Rick Rieder and Tony DeSpirito. These ETFs will be great tools for clients and to advisors to gain access to our active insights within our ETF structure. Clients choose BlackRock for performance. This is across multiple dimensions, including investment performance, client service and operational excellence. Across our active franchise, BlackRock has delivered durable investment performance with 81% and 90% of our fundamental equities and taxable fixed income AUM above benchmark or peer medium for the last five years. Our global connectivity, our scale, our technology, our market access position, possesses us to deliver the alpha our clients need. Our expertise in portfolio construction and asset allocation, combined with strong investment performance has as differentiated BlackRock in the market. We saw $73 billion of active net inflows in the first half of 2023 compared to active industry outflows. We're also unlocking opportunities for clients in private markets, where we have $30 billion of committed capital and we're growing in private markets organically through new launches, scaling of our successor funds, and at times, we will execute our inorganic transactions to further expand our capabilities and global reach. To this end, we recently announced our planned acquisition of Kreos Capital, a leading provider of venture debt financing in Europe. When we talk to clients about their private market allocations, the number one thing they're looking for is, they select the manager's proprietary differentiated deal flow. BlackRock's global network of relationships, our data and analytics, and flexible adaptable capital means we could source unique deals for our clients. In doing so, we deliver value for our clients and our fund portfolio companies. Our long-term private capital team acquisition of Creed in May 2020 is excellent example of the outcomes that can be achieved due to the strength of our proprietary sourcing, our proprietary underwriting, and value-creation capabilities. LTPC acquired Creed during the depths of the COVID lockdown, and last month we announced that they had entered in agreement to sell the company to a strategic buyer, Kering Beaute. The LTPC team had the conviction that Creed was an extraordinary business with multiple levers for value-creation that would help accelerate growth even during the pandemic. And with the last month's agreement, the fund is expected to realize significant offer for our clients. I find more often than now that company is one BlackRock as a trusted investor and a trusted partner. BlackRock is a long-term friendly capital with global client relationships. We invest early and we can stay invested through cycles whether it's debt or equity or a pre-IPO through post-IPO. Companies recognize the uniqueness of our global reach, our brand, and our expertise across markets and industries. We are a valued partner to these clients and companies want to work with BlackRock and this enables our proprietary origination. We are tapping into our deal flow across our private markets asset classes and especially focusing on credit and infrastructure. Our connectivity across the real economy is bringing benefits to both clients and the communities in which our underlying investment projects operate. As I meet with clients around the world. I hear how our profile is strengthening in local markets as a result of our leadership in infrastructure investing. In the United States, we partnered with AT&T and GigaPower JV and invested in Jupiter Power, which operates one of the largest battery storage fleets in Texas. And our relationships around the world continue to expand our reach in new ways, this is evident from our most recent investments, whether it's FirstAir in South Korea or Akaysha Energy, which is building the world's largest grid-scale battery storage facility, the Waratah battery in Australia. These are just a few examples. Our growing profile from these investments is leading to more and larger deal opportunities, which will deliver growth for BlackRock clients and to you, our shareholders. The portfolio of the future is outcome-oriented, customized, and seamlessly combined public and private markets. BlackRock is the only company that can offer both the portfolio investments in technology through eFront and Aladdin. Aladdin is bringing the portfolio of the future to life by providing technology in a digital-enabled and customized way. Combining risk management, the investment book of record, performance, accounting, and data, all in one place. Market volatility and growing cost pressures and complexities in optimizing whole portfolios underscore the need of enterprise operating and risk management technology. The value of Aladdin's integrated end-to-end technology platform is resonating. In the same way that clients are consolidating their portfolios with fewer asset managers, clients are looking to do much more with Aladdin. And over the last 12 months, 40% of our new annual contract value came from the expansion of existing relationships. And I'm pleased to say that our retention rates remain very high at 98%. We're not only expanding Aladdin's capabilities, we're also tackling bigger addressable markets by extending into adjacent offerings. We're enabling a whole portfolio ecosystem, empowering clients through data and opening Aladdin to drive even more innovation. We are creating deep integration with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions. Our recently announced partnership with Avaloq is the latest example. We are engineering Aladdin for the future and as clients look to do more with fewer partners, our SaaS technology business will enable greater agility for clients in delivering higher recurring revenues for our shareholders. Aladdin and Aladdin Wealth are increasingly core components of outsourcing relationships. Our success across a number of significant outsource solutions over the past several years are catalyzing a dialog with more and more clients. I recognize the headline multibillion-dollar mandates get much of the attention, but we're bringing our expertise to clients in all segments, not just large pension funds or insurers, but also wealth managers and charities and endowments and family offices. Second quarter results including continued momentum in institutional and wealth outsourcing, particularly in family office models, NSA -- SMAs, and last week, Quintet Private Bank announced, they selected BlackRock to provide an expanded set of investment solutions, advisory solutions, and risk management and technology. This is another example of how clients are turning to BlackRock as they scale and they grow their own business and we help them do that. Whether it's asset management or technology with a multitude of other industries, clients are consolidating their relationships and moving to platforms that provide strong performance and integrated services. BlackRock intentionally invested and built our business model to be in the forefront of this trend and this is resonating in our results, as clients increasingly turn to BlackRock for performance and for our platform services. Prior entity leading results and momentum are a direct result of our dedicated employees and leadership team. Our success over the last 35 years has been built on the steadfast commitment to operate as one BlackRock, fully connected to our clients on one platform with one culture using one technology. It is our leadership team that is delivering the power of this hyper-connected platform to our clients. We have leaders make us a hyper-connected team. The collaboration and their horizontal leadership are essential to our success and growth. As I said at our Investor Day, I'm not planning to leave BlackRock anytime soon, but my goal as always been to ensure that when Rob Kapito and I move on, the future is even in better hands than it is today, and I am confident we are going to achieve that. In building this company, we have always taken a long-term view and our approach in developing our leadership talent is no different. BlackRock's Board and I are highly focused on identifying and developing our next generation of leaders. We also seek to align their long-term interest with those of our shareholders, our clients, and one another who shared incentives that reward long-term value-creation. A key part of this ongoing initiative is the recent issuance of a one-time long-term equity incentive grant for a small group of leaders. Featuring extended vesting periods, these awards represent a key long-term strategic investment in the success and stability of BlackRock's leadership plans and as we execute our platform as a service strategy. Our goal is that these grants will help promote in continued collaborative long-term performance culture between our leaders across our horizontal leadership capabilities and for many years to come. To close, I want to underscore that we are in the very early days of a long-term shift in client consolidation, other investment managers, the technology requirements towards a more comprehensive platform. In the same way that organizations have traditioned from on-site data to hardware to cloud providers, many clients are now transitioning from in-house investment in technology models to BlackRock. For years, we have focused on delivering one BlackRock to our clients with horizontal connectivity, integrated services, and a strong performance. I truly believe this is the future of investing and BlackRock is the forefront. I believe we're in one of the most exciting times in BlackRock's history. I can say very clearly that both Rob and I are energized by these new examples that we see every day and how we are delivering value for all of our BlackRock stakeholders. Thank you, and let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig. How are you?
Craig Siegenthaler: Hi, good morning, Larry. I'm good, hope everyone is doing well.
Laurence Fink: Yes.
Craig Siegenthaler: So I have a two-parter on the potential for large bond reallocation. We actually haven't seen any big reallocations yet outside the money market fund business and bond ETFs, so do you expect these two products see the most dominant drivers of flows sales? And then also from your recent conversations with large institutions and retail platforms, do you believe most investors are waiting just given that the Fed will likely still raise rates a couple of times?
Laurence Fink: Craig, let me have Rob answer that one.
Robert Kapito: So, Craig, the two answers are yes and yes. And that is because, currently yields are back, but I think in general, most people think that yields are going to continue to rise. So they are preparing for, what I would call, a generational change in the fixed income market. Because you can actually earn attractive yields without taking much duration or credit risk. And if you go back clients shifted towards illiquid investments over the last decade to get those returns, but while there is still demand for the private markets to diversify and pursue outperformance, investors as you know, can get most of that yield and their liabilities and meet them through bonds and we are so well-positioned for that both with our $3.4 trillion fixed income and cash platform. So to give you some numbers, 80% of all fixed income is now yielding over 4%. This is a pretty remarkable shift in our history. We're calling this a once-in-a-generation opportunity. There is finally income to be earned in the fixed-income market and we are expecting a resurgence in demand. Now, you touched on something very important, the cash market, this is not the last stop for that cash and there are trillions now. I think the number is around $7 trillion in money market accounts that is ready when people feel that rates have peaked to flood the fixed income market and we need to position ourselves to capture that. How do you do that? One is by product and the other is by performance. And we saw positive fixed-income mutual fund flows in the quarter, led by our high-yield total return and muni franchises, we have strong long-term investment performance with 90% of taxable fixed-income AUM above the benchmark or peer median for the five-year period. So with strong performance, a diversified product offering, we're just in the right spot to take active fixed-income share as investors look to capitalize on these opportunities for alpha in the bond market. I wanted to add one other point about fixed income. We anticipate that bond ETFs are going to be used alongside of our top-performing active offerings. And I know that, because in the first half of the year, we saw $12 billion in active fixed-income net inflows alongside of $68 billion from bond ETFs. So, on the active side, we believe there is finally an opportunity for alpha and that hasn't been there as much as it is in many years. So keep in mind, bond ETFs are also increasingly being used by active managers for liquidity management, hedging, and efficient tactical asset allocation. And in fact, nine of the top 10 global asset managers now use iShares. And then lastly, we have over 450 bond ETF choices, which is more than five times the next largest issuer diversified across exposures and the yield curve. We also have the most diversified client base, including Wealth Advisors, Active Managers, Insurance Companies, Pensions, and other institutions. And lastly, through the capital markets expertise here, we're advising clients on new use cases for bond ETFs, such as replacing more expensive futures or swaps as cash and liquidity instruments and as tools for large-scale portfolio transitions. So the answer is yes and yes. In the iShares fixed-income ETFs, we had leading industry flows now $35 billion in the second quarter. So this is one of the biggest opportunities that we have in front of us and we believe we're going to be able to capture those opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Question on private markets. If we go back to Investor Day, you guys spoke about doubling base fees in private markets over the next five years, so I was hoping you might be able to help unpack the drivers of that and where might there be scope for upside such as with new products at a more meaningful scaling up your existing strategies?
Laurence Fink: I want to give that to Martin.
Martin Small: Great. Thanks, Michael, how are you? I'd start with clients, which is the client need for income and uncorrelated returns in a higher inflation world with more volatile public equities, we think that will continue to drive demand for alternatives. And most definitely, we saw that in our BlackRock Global Private market survey that we recently completed, over half the clients said that they expect to increase their allocations to private markets and alternatives. We think we're really well-positioned there. We've built a comprehensive platform As you heard from Edwin on Investor Day, provides exposures across all our liquid alternative asset classes, and we're really well-positioned as a multi-alternatives provider. Larry talked a bit about some of the differentiated sourcing and access to high quality opportunities that we've had, our ability to integrate private markets investing with technology with eFront and Aladdin, we really think that that's a great opportunity for us as we move forward. Our platform is over $150 billion in private markets today. In the second quarter, we had 10% organic growth on illiquid, which we think is good strong growth. We talked to you about adding nearly $2 billion of base and performance fees in 2022 and our fundraising has actually held up pretty well since 2021. We've raised over $85 billion of gross capital. And I think, where some of the upside is, is really I think, one in private credit and infrastructure. We've built really strong leading franchises and we see good growth there in the next three to five years in private credit as banks potentially become more constrained in lending. We think investors will turn more to private credit for financing, and if you like those yields in the low-interest rate environment, I think investors will find them even more compelling in a more normalized rate environment. And then also some of these extraordinary government stimulus and tax incentives that I think are following the Inflation Reduction Act, similar moves I believe coming in Europe are going to be, I think strong secular tailwinds for infrastructure. Last thing I'd just say is, there's upside on product innovation, which is, one, we've already done some really compelling innovating in decarbonization, both in sourcing deals and in raising assets in this space. We've launched a number of non-traded products across private credit, real-estate debt, and 40 Act private equity into retail and wealth channels. And I think the next horizon for us is to think about how to integrate these things in positions of strength in BlackRock like model portfolios. How do you really build that portfolio of the future that Larry referenced that's public, private, digital, tax managed, those are the places where we see real, real upside for BlackRock.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Mike Brown with KBW.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Mike.
Michael Brown: Hi, good morning, everyone. I just wanted to talk about the expectation for expenses this year, so obviously, equity markets have been up year-to-date, S&P is up over 17%, and that's provided a nice boost for AUM. How do you guys think about the earnings power today in the context of BlackRock's expense base and your investment priorities? Have you already planned to allocate more dollars towards investment in the platform and other people tanker capabilities?
Laurence Fink: Martin.
Martin Small: Thanks, Mike, appreciate it. So let's start with our industry-leading organic growth, it's been the result of exactly what you flagged. I think really disciplined investments that we've consistently made through market cycles and we tried to obviously be financially flexible, so that even in sort of the most uncertain markets we continue playing offense and come out even stronger. We have a really strong track record I think of making good investments and deliberating -- delivering a differentiated operating margin. We obviously had a 42.5% operating margin over the longer-term. We've expanded our as adjusted margin in the last seven to 10 years. And even in 2022, as I talked about on Investor Day, Mike, we expanded our margin by 240 basis points over the last decade. Those results I think are really well above the large-cap peers. We've seen a good amount of margin contraction over the same period. But as you're flagging, in the first half of the year, here we've seen $830 billion increase in AUM. We're now at $9.4 trillion, and obviously, the move in markets has an impact or can have an impact on our operating margin in a meaningful way. And as markets recover, I think we expect to see our revenue growth outpace growth in discretionary expense items and be accretive to operating margin. I think some of the real actions are investing for growth in the most efficient way possible. Like we're going to continue to drive more fixed-cost scale through technology. Rob Goldstein talked about at Investor Day, our opportunities for Aladdin icing offs with eFront, which we think can drive more scale. Larry talked a bit about sourcing. I think we can drive more systematized and efficient differentiated sourcing through our BlackRock Capital Markets team. And then when you think about some of these technology integrations that we've done, whether it's Avaloq, Envestnet, those drive a lot of scale and their investments that really drive differentiated operating organic growth. So, we see great opportunities. We have no change in our expense guidance. We expect to finish the year, as I said, broadly flat in headcount and with G&A. up mid-to-high single-digits.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Good morning. Cash management flows were strong this quarter, so maybe two questions here. First, the SEC launched updated money market rules this week, any reaction to the new rules and the implications for the U.S. Money Fund business? And then second, how enthusiastic are you about the longer-term growth prospects for cash management? Your response to Craig's question earlier suggested that cash in some cases is a placeholder for assets that are going to move to fixed income products when the shape of the yield curve changes, can cash management grow as that transition is taking place?
Laurence Fink: Rob?
Robert Kapito: So, you know, we're supportive of any efforts to improve the resiliency and transparency of U.S. Money Market Funds, but non-government institutional money market funds which were really the main focus of the rules are a very small part of our cash business, ours is U.S. government funds and separate accounts, that's really the bulk of our assets. And of course, we have a diverse set of cash offerings including money market funds and separate accounts, ETFs. ETF is another short-duration strategy. So we're going to work together with our clients as they consider the best tools for their liquidity management and we will continue to review the regulatory rules to see what impact that could have on our business, which I think is quite limited. But remember, in asset allocation and when there's money in motion, it moves to cash, it moves to longer-term assets, it's something you must have as a liquidity tool to do all the things that clients need to do. And since we're going to be I think a beneficiary of the long-term assets, going after corporations and treasury management and other institutions for their cash, puts us in the game in a much better way than if they're just coming into our products from the outside. So it's an important business for us. It also is a business which has to do with performance and it also has to do with quality. And as you've seen issues in the banking industry and other issues in the markets, people look for the high-quality and they look for the brand, and we have that. So we're very optimistic and we will continue to really build our sales force to continue to be a leader in the cash management business, knowing that it's also going to lead to other opportunities for us.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Brain.
Brian Bedell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just to focus a little bit on transition management, you talked a lot about this at Investor Day and I just wanted to sort of think about the timing in organic growth potential. I mean, you definitely have one of the most unique capabilities across multi-product areas in this endeavor, and obviously, we're going to see the pace of global spending on this almost double to nearly $4 trillion per annum between the debt part of it, in particular, direct lending and venture debt and your Kreos acquisition, how quickly do you think you can put all of that together and significantly expand I think the $17 billion that you have right now in transition private markets? Is it a build that can happen as early as sort of in the next couple of quarters or is this more like '24, '25?
Robert Kapito: Well, first of all, thanks for the question. I think the transition investing is probably one of the greatest opportunities in the world today. The dialogs that we're having with governments worldwide. Very unique. There's not a government that is not focus on this, especially for countries that are dependent on importation of power. They're all looking for different ways across-the-board in terms of how do they successfully navigate their economy. Energy and power is becoming one of the dominant conversations and then through the United States, IRA. We are seeing just huge interests with. U.S and non-U.S companies. Coming into the United States and take advantage of the opportunities that present to us in terms of elevated returns because the IRA. And so we look at this as a multi-year growth opportunity. We are working. We announced. As I said earlier, my talk about the Acacia energy the largest. Battery storage capability in the world. And that just has set us. And the conversations we're having with other countries related to that type of activity, it's becoming. Is becoming much conversational component of what we're doing. So we look at this, is it a significant, we're talking 10s and 10s of trillions of dollars. Market opportunity. Now if you overlay. More-and-more issues around debt to GDP in more-and-more countries, more-and-more countries are going to have to look to private capital. It cannot be funded by the public sector. And that is one of the great positioning opportunity for BlackRock relationships worldwide. We have that unique opportunity. Present with us. Two, as I talked about proprietary origination. We're having more-and-more conversations with more-and-more corporations and how do they think about their platform related to decarbonization and that we are we have deep and broad conversations with traditional energy companies and how are they going to be focused on sequestration of carbon, they own the geology. BlackRock already has one of the largest. Sequestration projects in the United States in Navigators CO2. And that is another good example and it is those type of reference investments that are giving us greater and greater opportunity and. I do believe our positioning of our global platform, working with more-and-more governments talking about public-private types of investments. At the same time, working with corporations and how do they move forward, really gives us our unique opportunity for many-many years ahead. To be partnering with them. In terms of corporations, many shareholders are questioning how corporations should move forward some shareholders don't think they should move forward in that area. And then in that case some of the companies are asking us, can we co-invest with them. Some companies are looking to expand in various different ways and they did they just don't happen generation of capital to doing that to the speed in which they are looking-forward to doing that and so between our relationships. Companies with our broad relationships with governments, gives us a real opportunity to be one of the leaders in the transition, and I believe this is this is going to be a multi-year global opportunity for BlackRock.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator, and I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. Continued interest in BlackRock. I am proud of what we've done as a firm and delivering value for our clients. Obviously, delivering value for our shareholders. The power of our connected platform and the collaboration and creativity of our leadership team. Will enable us to continue to deliver differentiating growth into the future for you, our shareholders. I want to thank you again for being part of the call and. I wish everyone have a very pleasant summer and a great quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jess, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2023 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Small; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. [Operator Instructions]  Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from the statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Martin Small: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2023. Before I turn it over to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results. I'll be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. Beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we updated our definitions of as adjusted operating income, operating margin, non-operating income and net income. They now exclude the compensation expense impact of mark-to-market volatility associated with certain deferred cash compensation plans and the non-operating impact of an economic hedge, which the company began in 2023. We believe this change provides investors and management with a more useful understanding of our core financial performance over time and increases comparability with other asset management companies. BlackRock regularly reviews our disclosures with the goal of providing helpful information to our investors and streamlining where appropriate. To this end, we also simplified our disclosure of distribution revenue and expense beginning in the first quarter. I'm excited to be presenting for the first time as CFO. As many of you know, most of my first 17 years at BlackRock were spent in client-facing roles. And I can tell you first hand, BlackRock was built for clients. Financial cracks and economic damage from this rapid rate hiking cycle burst into view over the last few weeks, 20 years of easy money is definitely behind us. The world is adjusting to higher rates and tightening credit conditions. BlackRock's platform has been built over time to help clients in all market environments. Market dislocations present significant opportunities for BlackRock and most importantly, for our clients. Asset management firms connect investors to capital markets, and we see these recent dislocations driving more economic activity and growth to markets. We've spent 35 years creating more access, creating more connections among long-term investors, capital markets and the real economy. We've unlocked new markets through iShares and personalized SMAs. We pioneered unconstrained bond strategies, and we put Aladdin on the desktops of thousands of investors and advisers, leading the industry, leading our clients on this journey with world-class investment capabilities, market insights, advice and technology, that's the center of BlackRock's growth strategy. We're a partner. We have long-term perspective. We have the ability to move quickly in times of stress. We're a whole portfolio adviser, providing end-to-end technology and investment portfolio servicing. Clients use BlackRock as a scale enabler. They use our platform as a service. They use it to streamline and support the growth and commercial nimbleness of their own business. Our unique platform combination of ETFs, advisory, outsourcing technology alongside with active and private markets capabilities, that's what's driving BlackRock's differentiated organic growth. Whether adding or reducing risk, our continued industry-leading organic growth demonstrates that clients are consolidating more of their portfolios with BlackRock. And in the first quarter, BlackRock generated total net inflows of $110 billion, representing 5% annualized organic asset growth and 1% organic base fee growth. First quarter revenue of $4.2 billion was 10% lower year-on-year, primarily driven by the impact of significantly lower markets and dollar appreciation over the last 12 months on average AUM as well as lower performance fees. Operating income of $1.5 billion was down 17%, while earnings per share of $7.93 was lower 17% versus a year ago, also reflecting a higher effective tax rate partially offset by higher non-operating income. Non-operating results for the quarter included $60 million of net investment gains driven primarily by mark-to-market gains and the value of our private equity co-investment portfolio and unhedged seed capital investments. Our as adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 25%. This reflects lower discrete tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards that vest in the first quarter of each year compared to the first quarter of 2022. We continue to estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2023. The actual effective tax rate may differ because of nonrecurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. First quarter base fees and securities lending revenue of $3.5 billion was down 9% year-over-year. This reflected the negative revenue impact of approximately $800 billion of market beta and foreign exchange movements on our AUM over the last 12 months and was partially offset by the elimination of discretionary money market fund fee waivers and higher securities lending revenue. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue increased 3%, reflecting higher average AUM and securities lending spreads, partially offset by the impact of a lower day count in the first quarter. On an equivalent day count basis, our annualized effective fee rate was modestly lower compared to the fourth quarter, mainly due to changing client risk preferences. Performance fees of $55 million decreased from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower revenue from alternatives. In 2022, our Aladdin platform delivered record net sales and we continue to see strong client interest for our technology solutions. Quarterly technology services revenue was approximately flat compared to a year ago, reflecting this continuing strong demand but also significant headwinds associated with the foreign exchange impact on Aladdin's non-dollar revenue and market declines on Aladdin's fixed income platform assets over the last 12 months. Sequential Technology Services revenue was impacted by onetime fees in the prior quarter and the timing of implementations. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 6% year-over-year. We remain committed to low to mid-teens ACV growth over the long term, especially as periods of market volatility have historically underscored the importance of Aladdin and generated increased demand. Total expense decreased 5% year-over-year, reflecting lower compensation and direct fund expense partially offset by higher G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was down 6% and primarily reflecting lower incentive compensation due to lower operating income and performance fees. G&A expense increased 6% due to higher marketing and promotional expense, including the impact of higher T&E expense and higher occupancy expense as a result of our moving to our new headquarters right here in Hudson Yards, New York. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased 10%, primarily reflecting seasonally lower marketing and promotional expense. Direct fund expense was down 4% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower average index AUM. Sequentially, quarterly direct fund expense increased due to higher average index AUM in the current quarter and higher rebates that seasonally occur in the fourth quarter. Our first quarter as adjusted operating margin of 40.4% was down 380 basis points from a year ago. This primarily reflects the negative impact of markets and foreign exchange movements on quarterly revenue. Although markets have improved since the end of 2022, we will continue to be disciplined in prioritizing our hiring and overall investments with the aim of delivering organic growth and a differentiated operating margin. The diversification and the resilience of our platform allow us to pursue critical investments while maintaining focus on expenses in our margin. BlackRock's industry-leading organic growth is a direct result of the disciplined investments we've consistently made through market cycles. Our business is well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities before us, and we remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. In line with our guidance in January, at present, we'd expect our headcount to be broadly flat in 2023, and we'd also expect a mid- to high single-digit percentage increase in 2023 core G&A expense. Our capital management strategy remains, first, to invest in our business and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We continue to invest through a prudent use of our balance sheet to best position BlackRock for continued success. This is primarily through seed and co-investments to support organic growth. We will make inorganic investments where we see an opportunity to accelerate growth and support our strategic initiatives. BlackRock's stable and differentiated business model enables us to invest and remain opportunistic. Our acquisition philosophy focuses on extending our product capabilities and our distribution reach. Prior examples of this strategy are the acquisitions of eFront to extend Aladdin's whole portfolio coverage, Aperio to scale direct indexing and First Reserve to enrich energy and infrastructure investing at BlackRock for our clients. As previously announced in January, we increased our quarterly dividend by 2.5% to $5 per share of common stock. We also repurchased $375 million worth of common shares in the first quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, we still anticipate repurchasing at least 375 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year, consistent with our previous guidance in January. BlackRock's $110 billion of total net inflows evidence our strong ongoing connectivity with clients, which only grew as market and liquidity stress events unfolded in the quarter. First quarter ETF net inflows of $22 billion were led by demand for our bond ETFs. This was partially offset by seasonal tax trading and sentiment-driven outflows from U.S. equity style box exposures in precision ETFs. As we've seen repeatedly in periods of market volatility, investors use iShares to implement tactical asset allocation preferences in their portfolios. Our bond ETFs again delivered for clients and generated $34 billion of net inflows. We've invested for years to support the growth of bond ETFs, both to create a diversified bond ETF platform and to deliver the liquidity and price transparency our clients expect, especially during periods of market volatility. Retail net inflows reflected strength in index SMAs through Aperio and broad-based net inflows into active fixed income. BlackRock's institutional franchise generated $81 billion of net inflows as we continue to partner as a scale enabler, a platform for institutional clients seeking turnkey access to investment expertise, greater customization, industry-leading risk management, technology and investment servicing. Institutional active net inflows of $72 billion were led by multi-asset and fixed income net inflows, which included fundings from several significant outsourcing mandates. Demand for private markets also continued with $4 billion of net inflows, representing 16% annualized organic base fee growth led by private credit and infrastructure. We continue to source unique deals for our clients through our global network of relationships. They're underpinned by data, analytics and technology. Examples include our agreement to form Gigapower, a joint venture with one of our diversified infrastructure funds and AT&T. We have approximately $33 billion of committed capital to deploy for clients in a variety of alternative strategies, and this represents a significant source of future base and performance fees. In aggregate, BlackRock generated approximately $68 billion of active net inflows during the quarter, and we've now generated positive active flows in all but two quarters since the beginning of 2019. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform saw $8 billion of net inflows in the first quarter. Flows were driven by surging demand for our cash management solutions in March as clients look to diversify away from deposits and enhance cash yields. March net inflows offset net redemptions in the first two months of the quarter that were primarily due to client-specific activity such as SPAC unwinds. We're actively working with clients on their liquidity management strategies, providing technology, market and operational insights and, of course, delivering a full range of cash management capabilities. BlackRock's first quarter results highlight the benefits of the investments we've made to build a diversified and resilient investment technology platform. Throughout our history and in its most recent crisis, BlackRock's led by listening to clients. I'm excited about our future and the growing opportunities for BlackRock, for our clients, for our employees and our shareholders.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Martin. And congratulations on your first earnings call as CFO. And good morning to everybody. Thank you for joining the call. BlackRock is a source of both stability and optimism for our clients. We are helping them navigate volatility and embed resiliency in their portfolios while also providing insights on the long-term investment opportunities to be had in today's markets. In 2022, BlackRock generated $307 billion in net new assets and captured over 1/3 of long-term industry flows. Strong momentum continued into 2023, and we once again led the industry with $110 billion of net inflows in the first quarter. The consistency of our results across both good and bad markets across from our clients' confidence in BlackRock's performance, BlackRock's guidance and our fiduciary standards. As I wrote in my Chairman's Letter last month, recent market volatility and stress in the regional banking sector are the consequences of prolonged periods of aggressive fiscal and monetary policy coming to an end. These policies contribute to a sharp rise in inflation with the Federal Reserve responding with the fastest pace of rate hikes since 2000 -- excuse me, since 1980s. The cost of these hikes is now materializing, including through shocked to regional banks. Fears of impairment and held-to-maturity portfolios and bank balance sheet and a crisis of confidence in regional banks set off a wave of shutdowns, seizures and regulatory interventions that we haven't seen at this scale in a long time. As these historic events were unfolding, we marked the 35th anniversary of the founding of BlackRock. Throughout our history, moments of dislocation and disruption have been inflection points for BlackRock. This is where opportunity arises for both BlackRock and for our clients. From times like this, we have always emerged stronger more differentiated in the industry and much more deeply connected to each and every client. We founded BlackRock based on our belief in the long-term growth of the capital markets and the importance of being invested in them BlackRock has grown as the role of the capital markets has grown over the past 35 years. I believe the current crisis of confidence in the regional banking sector will ultimately fuel another round of growth in the capital markets. BlackRock will be an important player, and there are going to be more opportunities for clients as people, companies and countries increasingly turn to markets to finance their retirement, their businesses and the entire economies. Blackhawk operates from a position of strength. While others may be consumed by near-term pressures, we are at the forefront of trends and opportunities that will shape our growth as a firm and deliver the best outcomes for our clients. The powerful simplicity of our business model is that when we deliver value for our clients, we also create more value for all our shareholders. We have stayed hyper-connected with our clients, offering them the first -- the firm's best thinking on what's happening in the markets, anticipating their questions and concerns and acting as their trusted partner and adviser in times of need. Leading with empathy, being at the front foot, putting our collective experience at our clients' disposable moving fast, linking globally, that's BlackRock at our best. Investors are looking to BlackRock for insights and thought leadership on the economy on markets, on geopolitics and asset allocation. Within the first week following the SVB collapse, we reached thousands of clients, providing them with real-time information and our views on the unfolding events. Our BlackRock Investment Institute has hosted dozens of calls for institutional investors and financial advisers. Senior business leaders and investors at BlackRock have met over 100 CEOs, CIOs, executives and public officials. BlackRock's Financial Markets Advisory Group advises financial and official institutions as well as other public and private capital markets participants. FMA recently was awarded a mandate by the FDIC to advise and support asset dispositions related to SVB and Signature Bank resolutions. We are honored to have been selected and approached this with all of our FMA assignments with a great sense of discretion and a deep, deep sense of responsibility. BlackRock is partnering with clients to navigate immediate concerns around market volatility and liquidity while also staying focused on their long-term goals. Through this connectivity, we're having richer conversations with clients than ever before, about their whole portfolios, in many cases, deepening their relationships with them. Our Aladdin technology and integrated asset management platform enables us to help clients quickly understand their portfolio exposures to help them manage liquidity and express changing risk preferences and capture opportunities in response to market events. The horizontal connectivity and responsibility and constant open line of communication requires at this most recent crisis continue to be exemplified across the firm. In the first quarter of 2023, clients entrusted BlackRock with $110 billion of total net inflows, driving positive annualized organic base fee growth. Organic growth this quarter was led by ongoing momentum in our long-term strategic priorities, including bond ETFs and outsourced CIO mandates. Clients also came to BlackRock for immediate liquidity and tactical allocation needs. Whether it was through our diversified cash management offerings, our short-duration fixed income products, precision ETFs or exposures in valuational tools in Aladdin. We were there for our clients providing advice options and swift execution. BlackRock ETFs once again prove their value as critically important tools for active management and in providing liquidity, transparency and price discovery declines during stressed markets. Across our ETF platform, BlackRock generated net inflows of $22 billion in the first quarter. Industry-leading flows into bond ETFs were particularly offset by outflows from our precision ETFs. These tactical asset allocation tools are unique to BlackRock and are used to express risk-on or risk-off use, as they were in this past quarter. In periods of weaker equity markets, we see investors leverage this ETF segment to actively reduce their exposures and for tax loss harvesting trades. As a result, in markets like the first quarter, you'll see outflows from our Precision segment and the opposite in risk-on markets. We have seen this pattern play out following the equity sell-off in 2018, in December and in the first quarter of 2020 and most recently in the third quarter of 2022. In each of these prior periods, inflows follows when risk-on sentiments return.  The high utilization of Precision ETF reinforce the value proposition associated with iShares strong secondary market liquidity and unique options and lending market ecosystems. BlackRock led the industry with $34 billion of bond ETF net inflows and we're representing over 60% of total fixed income ETF trading volumes during the quarter. Especially as the U.S. Treasury market experienced large and historic moves, investors turn to bond ETF access treasury markets and manage interest rate risk. BlackRock's U.S. Treasury ETF ranges over $180 billion of assets, providing exposures across the entire yield curve. Investors use BlackRock's leading platform to manage their risk to quickly shift to safe haven assets and to manage their cash. I've often talked about how ETFs have been modernizing the bond market by contributing real-time information about pricing and market conditions. Notably, ETF liquidity remains strong even as the underlying market liquidity became more challenged. Trading costs in iShares U.S. Treasury ETFs remained low despite moving higher in the underlying bonds. For example, iShares 20-year-plus year treasury bond ETF, bid-ask spread held at 1 basis point, while the underlying bonds at many times traded far wider. BlackRock Fixed income ETFs are increasingly being used for active management. BlackRock's own active managers pioneered the use of fixing ETFs for many years ago, for liquidity management for hedging and for efficient tactical allocation. Today, we see most of the world's leading asset owners, wealth managers and active asset managers as clients of BlackRock fixed income ETFs. We are evolving these client relationships from single-use cases to broader adoption, including active applications for a more holistic view of fixed income portfolio allocations across fixed income ETFs, actively managing strategies and for individual bonds. iShares performance under extreme conditions continue to unlock sources of client demand and expand our opportunity set. Investors of all types are turning to iShares bond ETFs, both in normal market environments and particularly during times of market stocks. Liquidity has also become paramount for our clients. Cash is the lifeblood of individuals and organizations, especially in times of stress. And our teams have been partnering with clients as they reevaluate where they put their cash and how to balance holdings assets and traditional bank deposits alongside other options like money market funds or ultra-short bond strategies. In the month of March, BlackRock saw over $40 billion of net inflows into our cash management strategies. We expect to shift from deposits to money market funds to be a longer-term trend and are actively working with clients to help them diversify and enhance the yields they're earning on their cash. Cash often gets overlooked. Now that yields are back after a decade of -- a lost decade of near zero rates, we're excited to help clients put their cash to work at BlackRock. Through our Cachematrix and Aladdin technology, our risk management and product innovation and collaboration across the $3.3 trillion fixed income and cash platforms, we are positioning BlackRock to be a partner of choice for our clients' liquidity and cash management needs. Asset owners and investment in wealth managers are increasingly looking to focus on core competencies and outsource more of their investment process. As they do this, they want a partner that can provide seamless integration solutions better, faster and more efficiently. Our notable success is on onboarding and executing outsourcing mandates over the past several years have catalyzed dialogues with more and more clients. Early in 2023, two large pension funds chose BlackRock for significant OCIO engagements. In the United Kingdom, Royal Mail announced it selected BlackRock to manage its over $10 billion of defined benefit scheme, trusting BlackRock to look over the pensions of its 118,000 members. In the United States, we are honored to have been selected by a named fiduciary for a pension covering more than 350,000 union workers and retirees. These mandates and other outsourcing assignments underpinned $81 billion of institutional net inflows in the first quarter and are yet more examples of how BlackRock's range of resources, our experiences and our deep connectivity in local markets are resonating with more and more clients and supporting more and more clients. In the last three years, BlackRock has been entrusted to lead outsourcing mandates totaling $400 billion in AUM, including $200 billion in the last 12 months alone. And just yesterday, it was announced that we have been appointed as a primary asset manager partner to LV, the UK mutual insurer. During this time of historic market volatility, clients globally are increasingly interested in how we can help them with outsourcing. We are hearing with all types of clients, not only pension and insurers, but also now endowments and foundations, health care organizations and actually larger family offices. We expect the trend towards outsourcing to continue with BlackRock driving investment management and technology transformations for our clients. Technology outsourcing is similarly on the rise as companies look to replace multiple loosely connected systems with a single strategic partner who offer a complete solution. Aladdin enables clients to operate horizontally to share consistent data and to build and manage whole portfolios. While there's been tremendous ups and downs in the broader market and operating environment, the need for digitization and efficiency through technology remains a constant. Market volatility and the growing demand for immediate precise information on direct and indirect exposures is only underscoring the need for robust technology, operating and risk management technology offered through Aladdin. In the week following the collapse of SVB, we saw significant increases in usage of Aladdin's exposure and interactive modeling tools as our clients sought to understand their exposure to specific securities, to sectors and to their yield curve. They leverage Aladdin capabilities to manage interest rate risk and portfolios and set enterprise-level broker and trade restrictions. Similarly, Aladdin Wealth clients turn to the platform to better understand their clients' exposures as they have in other significant market events like the start of COVID and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Usage following failure in the U.S. regional banks more than doubled at many of our wealth client platforms. Aladdin was designed, Aladdin was built for these type of times, and we are proud that our technology is enabling all our clients to act quickly and with clarity and with much greater confidence during these market shocks. Our results this quarter and amid the most recent crisis are only the latest example of BlackRock doing what it does best. Stay in front of the clients' needs, helping them to see challenges as opportunities and providing hope for what comes next. In 2023, is presenting an incredible opportunity for long-term investors. There's more yield to be earned in cash. Infrastructure and private credit are offering attractive returns. Bonds can be a major component in portfolios and equities are at much better valuations. BlackRock is connecting our clients to these opportunities and providing them with the confidence to continue investing for the long term. Especially in periods of dislocation, our willingness to reimagine our business and to be nimble and seizing emerging opportunities have bolstered our growth and generated differentiated value and returns for our shareholders. Our stable and differentiated business model enable us to remain opportunistic, and we will continue to be deliberate and systematic in our investments. We are constantly looking at opportunities as we assess possible accelerators of growth support of strategic initiatives and test the boundaries of how we think about BlackRock's business.  At our founding 35 years ago, when BlackRock was as much of a concept as it was a company, there was one thing we knew we had to get right, and that was all we start with a client. We've listened to them. We learned a lot from them. We put their needs first. Since then, we have developed leading franchises in ETFs and advisory outsourcing, and in technology. And we worked tirelessly to integrate these capabilities into our One BlackRock business model and culture. It is this combination of capabilities that make BlackRock truly unique. And we're opening new channels for growth by scaling our alternative franchise by expanding the market for bond ETF, providing clients access to emerging opportunities in area like transition finance. Our momentum is a result of many years of thoughtful investments in the infrastructure needed to support complex global mandate at the whole portfolio level. The power of BlackRock's integrated platform enables us to deliver better outcomes for our clients and differentiating growth for you, our shareholders. Over the past five years, BlackRock has delivered an aggregate of $1.8 trillion of total net inflows or 5% average organic asset growth compared to flat or negative industry flows. Over this five year time period, the markets have been both -- have both rallied and have had contractions. But BlackRock has consistently generated organic growth, reflecting the resiliency of our diversified platform and the investments we made towards that platform. Clients are entrusting more of their portfolios with BlackRock in an endorsement of the platform, performance we offered, guidance we provide and the fiduciary status we uphold to each and every client. As we look forward, our success in what we will achieve comes down to our people. Everything we have accomplished and will accomplish is because of how we have all worked together to put our clients first. I'm so incredibly proud of how our employees rallied together in a time of crisis to support our clients, to support their fellow colleagues, and to making sure we are supporting every one of our stakeholders. Looking back at the last 35 years, it is our people who have enabled us to achieve all that we have as an organization. And we are just getting started. BlackRock is still in the early chapters, and I'm more excited than ever about the potential and the promise that we have lying ahead.  Thank you. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]Your first question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys : So a question on cash management. Since COVID, the banking system has seen a massive influx of deposits, I think, worth about $4 trillion of added deposits, yet the banks today aren't offering much in terms of yield on those deposits. So the question is, how do you think about accelerating money fund flows and capturing a greater share of deposits? And might there be a structural shift if rates are going to remain higher for longer. So just curious how you're thinking about that?
Martin Small : Thanks, Mike. Appreciate it. I hope you had a good holiday. It is an incredibly dynamic time for the cash and liquidity markets. This has historically been a stable value, low or no expected return asset class where people do lots of operational things. But we've obviously entered into this period that started with kind of rates and inflation and has been supercharged essentially by banking sector tremors. And as you correctly flagged, we've seen an extraordinary amount of inflow into money market funds. And clients, I think, paying very close attention where they keep their operating cash and where they keep cash where they can earn a yield premium over deposits. And in every single cycle, deposits obviously tend to lag where money market rates are and deposit betas are just lower.  So I think there is absolutely a structural shift in the marketplace that's driven by two things. One, just rates inflation, but also just clients paying a lot more attention about where they're going to keep their cash balances for purpose of what they do. We're really well positioned here. We had $40 billion-plus of flows in March. We had some outflows in January and February that were really resulting from SPAC unwinds. But we feel very good about our positioning. We have a $683 billion cash platform. We've grown at 50% over the last five years. And I think uniquely, as is with most things at BlackRock, we have a tech-first distribution strategy with assets like Cachematrix and Aladdin. And we also have a very global business that has real diversity of offering across money funds, ETFs, separate accounts.  The last thing I'd just say about that is, I would think about the structural shift that you proposed is not just being about money funds or seg accounts, but being about all of the cash and cash surrogates. I mean there are so many things you can go throw a dart at that yield 5% now. And I would look at a lot of what's happening in the bond ETF world is also being about picking up a yield premium over cash. And so we expect to be really well positioned as clients do a lot of that work to use the ETF markets, to use money funds as well as a whole array of active fixed income solutions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: So we're still very focused on the potential for sizable fixed income reallocations. The rates are now looking to plateau. And it seems like the most -- the largest migrations may come from retirees in the U.S. in the pension plan channel. So I wanted your updated perspective on this topic, given your conversations with large institutions and wealth management platforms. And I'm also curious to see if you have any updated thoughts on the reallocation mix between passive and active because of the flow mix [Indiscernible] BlackRock could be a real big winner on this.
Robert Kapito : So Craig, it's Rob Kapito. I'll take that one. So you know that we're coming off of the highest inflation in 40 years, the fastest increase in rates in 40 years, the tail end of an endemic, the war in Europe, a lot of geopolitical tensions, and last year, the S&P down 19%, and of course, we're in the midst of Fed tightening. And the result of all of this is yields are back. And for the first time in years, investors can actually earn very attractive yields without taking much duration or credit risk. And this is a pretty remarkable shift. This is really a once in a generation opportunity in fixed income and clients have been over the last many years, because of low rates, underweighted in fixed income. So at BlackRock, we are very well positioned with our $3.3 trillion fixed income and cash platform. But in order to capture these assets, we have to have performance. And our one year in the fixed income is in the 70th percentile and 3-year and 5-year in the 90th percentile. And our active funds are 4 and 5-star Morningstar rated. So we have the performance. We also offer over 450 bond ETF choices, which is more than 5x the next largest issuer across the entire yield curve. We also have the most diversified client base, and that is looking each quarter to have more and more allocations in ETFs and in active fixed income, especially in this environment. We have expanding capital markets group and obviously, a lot of expertise in the capital markets to be able to extract the most value for our clients in using fixed income instruments. And now our cash and alternative platform are also attracting clients in this environment, seeking yield and alpha. So the bottom line is we expect the interest rate environment to continue until the Fed sees this signals, it's looking for an inflation and growth. And what this means is that money will be in motion as clients build portfolios with high-performing active investments alongside ETFs and private market strategies. And this is really important because we will be the beneficiary of the fact that clients are using both. And in fact, 9 of the 10 top global asset managers use iShares for liquidity management, hedging and efficient tactical allocation. So it's no longer active or index, it's active and index and ETFs. And even when the markets stabilize, fixed income is going to be back in demand in a significant way. And I think we're going to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of that active movement into the asset class.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr : So I know we've talked many times in the past, but if you look at the last 12 months, you have 3% organic asset growth and flat base fee growth. I mean I think that's a function of where the flows are going, but I wonder if you could talk about index and ETF in versus active equity out and more of what your outlook is on the core underlying pricing?
Martin Small : Hi, Glenn. It's Martin. Thanks for the question. In 2022, we delivered positive organic base fee growth despite the most challenging market environment our industry has ever seen. As Rob mentioned, the S&P was down 19% on the year, the [Ag] (ph) was down 13% on the year and we still drove industry-leading organic growth and positive base fee growth. And I'd say the first quarter here of 2023 was no different. You had a stressed market, you had a lot of volatility and BlackRock still delivered $110 billion of total net flows and 1% organic base fee growth.  Our mission, our aim, our strategy is not to be the fastest grower in any quarter. Our aim is to deliver organic growth that's more differentiated, more consistent through market cycles over the long term. Glenn, we've done that. We've had 5% organic base fee growth on average over the last five years, '18 to '22. We had over 5% organic base fee growth in seven of the last 10 years. And I think what's really important to look at is in these years that have been marked by exceptional market volatility, like '16, '18 and 2022, we still were able to deliver positive base fee growth. And I think when you sort of look at the flows going forward, the first quarter always has the seasonal element to it that has ETF tax trading, where we have precision exposures that are really important growing asset bases over time. But we tend to see inflows into precision exposures in the fourth quarter related to ETF and mutual fund dynamics and then we tend to see some reversals of those flows in the first quarter from precision exposures. Those tend to come at higher fee rates and a lot of the flows that come from outsourcing on fixed income come at slightly lower fee rates. And I think that's some of the impact that you saw this quarter, which is really just about changing risk preferences. We don't manage to a fee rate and we don't manage to a particular set of products with the clients. It's about obviously winning mind share in portfolios. And so I think over time, you'll continue to see good solid growth there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein : I was hoping we get a little bit deeper into how the events in the banking space over the last several weeks changed the opportunity set for BlackRock. There's a number of benefits. As you mentioned, there are some obvious things like cash management, but what does that mean for Aladdin? What does it mean for advisory? What does it mean for all? Just I was hoping to get more perspective on what are the opportunities you look to lean into more on the back of this dislocation?
Laurence Fink : Well, let me start on a more holistic response to that. And that is our fundamental belief that more and more economic activities in a flow through the capital markets. And we certainly witness that in February, in March and continue in April. As more and more deposits are leaving and they're going into ETFs and into any form of cash and money market funds. And this type of dislocation is just going to create more and more opportunities for us. And in my talk, I spoke about what this means for Aladdin, the need during market uncertainty, the need for having a single base technology platform to help you navigate instantaneous with the market is more and more necessary. I think, again, our FMA advice is another good example of us working with regulators, policymakers working with our clients and helping them in terms of advising them. So just more and more opportunities. But I would also say on a more holistic basis, over the first 35 years, we've used market dislocations as a mechanism to relook at our own footprint, to review how we should be positioned for the future. We will continue to be very opportunistic on that and look for opportunities in a very disciplined way. I've talked about repeatedly expanding our footprint, expanding our product offerings, having better and deeper and more extensive technology utilization. So all of those things are something that we are looking at across the board.  But I look at the issues that we are seeing today, the market dislocations as enormous opportunities for BlackRock. And yes, our relationship with our clients, the depth of the conversations we're having and the consistency of conversations and I think it's pretty imperative to talk about having $1.8 trillion over the last five years of asset growth. This is happening during good markets and bad markets, the consistency in which clients are looking for BlackRock to play a deeper and broader role because of our fiduciary standards, our advice, our discipline. But I would just say that the uniqueness of our platform, Alex, resonates -- resonated so loud in the first quarter, having Aladdin having, having FMA, having the iShares platform integrated with our active platform across the board that we can deliver a more holistic, a deeper, a broader response to our clients to our policymakers, to our regulators. No firm can provide that. And it's -- and the conversations that we had as a firm with our clients, with our regulators, with our policymakers worldwide was more frequent, more resilient than ever before. All of this is an opportunity for us an opportunity to build those deeper relationships and opportunity for more and more clients to see how their business can become more resilient if they took on Aladdin, opportunities for us to help them redesign their portfolios using FMA or helping out a regulator during times of stress. So I'm constantly reminded the depth of a range of products, the range of our abilities is so differentiated, which leads to these very unique and more fulsome conversations that we have with clients worldwide. Operator?
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Katz with Credit Suisse.
William Katz : Martin, congrats on the new role. Larry, could you talk maybe expand a little bit more in terms of the capital market opportunity with maybe greater specificity as it relates to the private markets. And then also, as you think about your money market platform or your cash management platform, my sense has always been more institutional skewed. Where are you in terms of the retail opportunity? And in both the private credit and the money market side, are you scaled enough organically? Or could this be an opportunity to sort of expand the inorganic opportunity as well?
Laurence Fink : I'm going to let Rob talk about the organic and then I will talk about some of the inorganic.
Robert Kapito : So we have, over the years, as you know, built up a huge credit effort with analysts and teams that are pursuing opportunities. Our large reach because of our ownership of many of stock of our clients and other entities gives us some pretty good insight and we need to follow these credits. We think that working closely together with them as they're expanding their businesses gives us insight and opportunities to work with them on the private credit side. And also, it gives us opportunities to work with them as they build out either the infrastructure that they have as they transition their businesses into new opportunities, we can be right there with them, helping them to finance that. So we think we're going to see and be able to source opportunities for our clients both retail and institutional, but other global asset managers are not going to see. So that spans not only the private credit universe, the investment-grade credit universe, but it also expands new asset classes that will be in infrastructure which are great long-duration assets that have a yield for our retail clients and then as well as other private investment opportunities. So we're really well positioned for this, and we're looking to take advantage of that and we have to clients.  When it comes to inorganic, I'll turn it over to Larry to comment on that.
Laurence Fink : Inorganic, I look at the things that we've done in the past by expanding our products in a range, whether it was eFront and transformed Aladdin into a platform that is both unique and differentiated because it's both public and private markets. I look at what we did with Aperio in terms of wealth management and the opportunity we have in tax strategies and direct indexing. I look at Cachematrix and how that played a role with our money market funds in the last few months. And so it is through inorganic opportunities that we look at if we can expand our footprint. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are asking ourselves to reimagine BlackRock. What are the other big opportunities? Should there be a big opportunity as more and more organizations use technology, how can we double down on what we're doing with Aladdin technology? How can we build out our footprint globally at this time? And so we're looking across the board as there are issues. We -- I believe BlackRock can play a role in some of these opportunities. And I think there was a quote sometime in the last few weeks about something I said to our team, I don't know where it came from. But indeed, I did say it, I said to be in the game, we must play the game. And so we're in the game. We're across the board working with our clients across the board. We're working with policymakers across the board. We are working with regulators worldwide. And we're here to help. We're here to advice. We're here to navigate. And through all that, there is an opportunity for something inorganic and transformational. We're going to be prepared to do something like that, but I'll just leave it at that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the amount of time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Yes. Thank you, operator. I'm going to thank all of you for joining us this morning. I know today is a really busy day, especially with all the other banks and financial institutions reported today. So I'm very, very happy that you've taken this time and your interest in BlackRock. Hopefully, you heard from Martin and Rob and I, how proud we are, the way BlackRock came together and supporting our clients in the most recent quarter. But the consistency of BlackRock now over the last 35 years, clients have been central to everything we do. And I see I just a tremendous opportunity for us, probably I see more opportunities now for BlackRock than I have in the last few years. As Rob talked about, opportunities in fixed income. Our investments that we've made, the huge investments we made in technology, the huge investments we made in bond ETFs, the huge investments we are making in alternatives and private credit. All of this is allowing us to have a differentiating opportunity. And if you overlay that with what we have done with our technology in Aladdin overlaying what we have done with FMA and our unique position with ETFs, it just gives us a tremendous opportunity ahead of us. And I would double down on the idea that we're going to be focus on delivering the power of our platform to our clients. And that power of working with our clients will translate totally directly to you, our shareholders. And I want to thank everybody for all the support.  Being at Hudson Yards is invigorating. I must tell you the 4,000 employees we have in New York are invigorated by our new space to light the energy, the opportunity. Hopefully, that's translating into how we do our business with our clients every day. Thank you, everyone. Have a good quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Karen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which was some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and Happy New Year to everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. Before I turn it over to Larry, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. As a reminder, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we updated our definitions of as adjusted operating income, operating margin and net income. Year-over-year financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter results to these recast financials. Throughout BlackRock's history, we have consistently invested in our business with a long-term focus and commitment to serving clients across market environments. We have established leadership positions in high-growth areas such as ETFs, private markets, outsourced solutions and technology. And we have integrated industry-leading capabilities into our One BlackRock business model and culture to create a distinct and differentiated value proposition for clients. As a result of these investments, we grew organically at our fastest rate ever in 2021. And while 2022 was one of the most challenging market environments in over 50 years, clients around the world once again turned to BlackRock for advice and assistance to construct more resilient portfolios. In good times and bad times, whether adding or reducing risk, our continued industry-leading organic growth demonstrate that clients are increasingly consolidating more of their portfolios with BlackRock for long-term solutions that solve their most challenging investment needs and address their unique risk preferences and priorities. During 2022, BlackRock generated industry-leading total net inflows of over $300 billion and delivered positive organic base fee growth. Importantly, we ended the year with strong momentum, generating approximately $114 billion of total net inflows in the fourth quarter representing 3% annualized organic base fee growth and reflecting continued momentum in iShares and significant outsourcing mandates. Full year revenue of $17.9 billion was down 8%. Operating income of $6.7 billion and earnings per share of $35.36 both declined 13% compared to 2021. For the fourth quarter, revenue of $4.3 billion was 15% lower year-over-year primarily driven by the impact of lower markets and dollar appreciation on average AUM and lower performance fees. Quarterly operating income of $1.6 billion was down 25%, while earnings per share of $8.93 was 16% lower versus a year ago, also reflecting higher non-operating income and a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter included $159 million of net investment income driven primarily by mark-to-market gains in our private equity co-investment and seed investment portfolios and our strategic minority investment in Envestnet. Our as adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 23%, driven in part by discrete items. We currently estimate that 25% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for 2023 primarily due to an increase in UK tax rates, though the actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Fourth quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.4 billion was down 14% year-over-year, in line with the corresponding decline in average AUM, primarily reflecting the negative revenue impact of approximately $1.7 trillion of market beta and foreign exchange movements on AUM over the last 12 months. Sequentially, fourth quarter base fees and securities lending revenue was down 4% despite positive organic base fee growth in the quarter. Our fourth quarter annualized effective fee rate decreased by approximately 1.5 basis points from the third quarter, reflecting the previously discussed impact on our fourth quarter entry rate, continued mix change favoring lower fee mandates and lower securities lending revenue. Fourth quarter and full year performance fees of $228 million and $514 million, respectively, decreased from a year ago. The decline primarily reflected lower revenue from liquid alternative and long-only mandates, partially offset by higher fees from illiquid alternatives. Notably, as our private markets business continues to scale, full year performance fees from liquid alternatives increased 42% year-over-year and our unrecognized deferred carry balance, which represents a portion of our potential future carrier fee revenue exceeds $1.4 billion. Our Aladdin business delivered record net new sales in 2022, and demand for our technology solutions has never been stronger. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 4% year-over-year and full year revenue of $1.4 billion increased 7%. Both periods reflected significant revenue headwinds associated with the FX impact on Aladdin's non-dollar revenue, and market declines on Aladdin's fixed income platform assets. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 8% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, we estimate ACV would have increased 10% from a year ago. Total expense decreased 4% in 2022, reflecting lower compensation, direct fund expense and G&A expense. For the full year, employee compensation and benefit expense was down 5%, primarily reflecting lower incentive compensation due to lower operating income and performance fees and lower mark-to-market impact of certain deferred compensation programs, partially offset by higher base compensation. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we finalize full year compensation in the fourth quarter. 2022 direct fund expense decreased 7% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower average index AUM. The sequential decline in quarterly direct fund expense also includes the impact of higher rebates that seasonally occur in the fourth quarter. Excluding product launch costs, fourth quarter G&A expense increased 2% year-over-year, reflecting ongoing strategic investments in technology and the impact of higher foreign exchange re-measurement expense, partially offset by lower occupancy and sub-advisory expense. For the full year, we estimate that core G&A expense was up 11% compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher technology spend associated with our Aladdin cloud migration and a return to more normalized levels of T&E expense. Our full year as-adjusted operating margin of 42.8% was down 400 basis points from a year ago, primarily reflecting the negative impact of markets and foreign exchange movements on revenue and the ongoing longer-term strategic investments we have been making in technology and our people. BlackRock's industry-leading organic growth is a direct result of the disciplined investments we have consistently made through market cycles. As we've shown throughout our history, it's often in times of greatest uncertainty where BlackRock's differentiated model enables us to continue playing offense and we emerged even stronger. Since July, we have been aggressively managing the pace of our discretionary spend, so we would be better prepared for 2023, a year in which we will need to increasingly focus our resources on areas of greatest opportunity. In order to continue investing in our people and critical strategic priorities during the year, we recently restructured the size and shape of our workforce to free up investment capacity for our most important growth initiatives. By taking a targeted and disciplined approach to how we shape our teams, we not only increase investment capacity for these initiatives but also create opportunities for our incredible talent. This resulted in a fourth quarter restructuring charge of $91 million primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization of previously granted deferred compensation awards for approximately 500 impacted employees or 2.5% of our global workforce. This charge appears as a single line expense item on our 2022 GAAP income statement and has been excluded from our as adjusted results to enhance comparison to prior periods. Our business is incredibly well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities before us, and we remain deeply committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficiently possible. At present, we would expect our head count to be broadly flat in 2023. We optimizing the shape of our talent pyramid and growing our footprint in iHub innovation centers will continue to be central to our talent strategy, allowing us to continue to support growth at scale. In addition, we would also expect a mid- to high single-digit increase in 2023 core G&A expense driven by the upcoming move to our new Hudson Yards headquarters, continued investment in technology to scale our operations and support future growth, and the annualized impact of migrating Aladdin clients to the cloud, which is now substantially complete. We are also investing through prudent use of our balance sheet to best position BlackRock for continued success. During 2022, we allocated $1.2 billion of new seed and co-investment capital to support our growth, and our year-end portfolio now approximates $3.9 billion. Our strategic minority investments are reinforcing various elements of our strategy and simultaneously generating very attractive returns for our shareholders. During the year, we invested in Circle and became the primary manager of the U.S. DC cash reserves, and we recently made a minority investment in human interest, a tech-enabled, end-to-end retirement plan solutions provider, which is helping Americans employed by smaller businesses access easier ways to save for their retirement. We also remain committed to systematically returning excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases and returned a record $4.9 billion to shareholders in 2022, including $1.9 billion of share repurchases, an increase of over 30% from 2021. Since inception of our current capital management strategy in 2013, we have now repurchased over $13 billion of BlackRock's stock, reducing our total outstanding total shares by 13% and generating an unlevered compound annual return of approximately 15% for our shareholders. At present, based on capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we are targeting the repurchase of at least $1.5 billion of shares during 2023. As you will hear more from Larry, BlackRock's strategy has always been guided by our clients' needs. We are relentlessly focused on providing choice, delivering strong investment performance and executing our fiduciary duties with excellence. This enables us to build deeper and broader relationships with more clients and drive differentiated growth across our platform. Fourth quarter long-term net inflows of $146 billion, representing 8% annualized organic asset growth, were led by flows into strategic growth areas, including ETFs, outsourced solutions and illiquid alternatives. Full year long-term net inflows of $393 billion were positive across all regions, led by net inflows of $230 billion from clients in the United States. BlackRock generated industry-leading ETF net inflows of $220 billion in 2022 and representing 7% organic asset growth and 3% organic base fee growth, including a record $123 billion in demand ETFs. Fourth quarter ETF net inflows of $90 billion reflected some seasonality but also reflected the diversity of our product and client segments. Surging demand for our bond ETFs, which saw $47 billion of net inflows, represented the second best quarter in our history. We also saw continued strength in core equity ETFs as well as precision exposures as clients reassessed tactical asset allocation changes during the quarter. Full year retail net outflows of $20 billion reflected ongoing industry pressures in active fixed income and world allocation strategies partially offset by strength in index SMAs and our systematic equity income and multi-strategy alternative funds. Fourth quarter retail net outflows of $15 billion reflected similar trends. BlackRock's institutional business generated record net inflows of $192 billion in 2022 representing 4% organic asset and 3% organic base fee growth paced by approximately $170 billion of active net inflows, reflecting broad-based strength across all product types and the funding of several significant outsourcing mandates. Fourth quarter Institutional active net inflows of $76 billion were also positive across all product types and included the funding of the substantial remainder of the AIG Corebridge fixed income mandate. We remain well positioned to meet investor demand for risk-adjusted alpha and yield and our diversified active fixed income platform with strong three- and five-year performance records across total return, unconstrained, high yield and credit is especially well positioned for growth as interest rates stabilize in the latter part of the year. Demand for private markets also continued with $16 billion of net inflows into illiquid strategies during the year driven by private credit and infrastructure. In addition, as our private markets business continues to grow, we also raised significant new client commitments in 2022. We now have approximately $34 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of strategies, representing approximately $260 million of future annual base fees and significant potential performance fees. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform experienced $32 billion of net outflows in the fourth quarter and $77 million of net outflows for the year. Despite a particularly challenging year for the broader institutional liquidity industry, BlackRock became the number one international money market provider. And as rates stabilize, we are well positioned to grow market share by leveraging our scale, product breadth, technology, and risk management capabilities. Before I hand it over to Larry, one last time, I'd like to take this moment to thank him for giving me the opportunity to be CFO of this amazing organization for the last 10 years. It's truly been a highlight of my career, and I'm deeply grateful for the feedback, advice and wisdom I have garnered from our shareholders, our sell-side analysts, our Board, my BlackRock colleagues and, most of all, the amazing finance team I've had the privilege to work alongside. BlackRock is incredibly well positioned to continue generating differentiated growth and delivering for clients, employees and shareholders. And I look forward to continuing the journey in my new role. I'm even more excited for lies ahead with Martin Small as our next CFO. I know we will be in great hands. With that, over to you, Larry.
Laurence Fink: Gary. Thank you. Excellent job. Good morning, everyone, and Happy New Year. Thanks, everyone, for joining this call. Today and throughout BlackRock's history, we have focused on delivering the best financial returns for each and every client. In line with our objectives and goals, we remain relentless about staying ahead of their needs of all our clients' needs, providing them with more choice, innovating to help them achieve financial well-being. We serve clients of all types, large, small, individuals and institutions in all parts of the world. So providing them choice is critical in helping each of them achieve their unique financial goals. We have built the industry's most comprehensive and integrated investment and technology platform to provide them with solutions that fit their unique objectives. Our job is then to deliver the best financial returns based on their individual preferences. It is this differentiating platform that drives our differentiating results. BlackRock generated $307 billion in net new assets and positive organic base fees in 2022. These industry-leading results reflected the decision by thousands of organizations and investors that continually place their trust in BlackRock. The consistency of our results across both good and bad markets, markets up and down, comes for our clients' confidence in BlackRock's performance, our guidance and our fiduciary standard. In the United States, we generated $230 billion of long-term net inflows, and flows were positive across all regions throughout the world. We generated organic growth across index and active and across all long-term asset classes from fixed income to equities to multi-asset to alternatives as science turned BlackRock for more solutions across their entire whole portfolio. We ended the year with very strong momentum with $114 billion of fourth quarter net inflows representing 3% annualized organic growth based fees. We estimate that BlackRock captured over 1/3 of the long-term industry flows in 2022, leading the industry and delivering positive organic base fees for the year. Over the past five years alone, BlackRock has delivered an aggregate $1.8 trillion in net inflows or 5% average organic asset growth compared to flat or negative industry flows. Over this five-year period of time have been both rallies and contractions, but BlackRock has always delivered growth reflecting the power of our connectivity to our clients, our fiduciary standards and a diversified platform. 2022 was a year of transition and a complex market environment for every one of our clients. We witnessed transformation in the geopolitical world order that rewired globalization and supply chains, upending assumptions about inflation and drove the normalization and eventually tightening of monetary policy. Production constraints, labor shortages in energy and food price disruptions and price increases followed the Russian invasion of Ukraine, causing inflation to hit a 40-year high, sparking a cycle of rate hikes by central banks. Inflation continues to be a top concern. Despite recent cooling we saw at the end of this year and the beginning of this year, global growth continues to slow. The challenges society has experienced not just in the past year but since the pandemic has eroded hope and reinforced pessimism in many parts of the world. We've seen a decline in birth rates, an increase in aging populations, a rise in nationalism and populism. And I fear that we are entering a period of economic malaise. To correct this, the role of business becomes even more critical than ever. Leaders must continue to invest in technology and research and development to improve long-term prospects and to provide a vision that offers hope about the future. Fundamentally, investing is also an active hope, hope that the future will be better than the president. If people do not have hope, they will not take money out of the bank account and invest it in a 30-year retirement outcome. Today, the financial narrative is so often about the near-term market moves, the topic of the day, flock the latest meme stock or media headlines about political polarization. Throughout our history, BlackRock has taken a long-term approach to investing. It is BlackRock's roll to show people the benefits of investing for the long term to give them hope that, over time, their returns with a balanced portfolio can deliver long-term financial security. Against the current backdrop, BlackRock has an even greater obligation to help our clients wade through the uncertainty and give them the confidence to invest in the long term. We see many opportunities for our clients to capitalize on market disruption, to rethink portfolio construction, to consider the renewed income generation potential of bonds or to reallocate the sectors that may be more resilient in the phase of elevated inflation. BlackRock is uniquely positioned to help clients navigate opportunities in this environment because of our diversified platform and integrated investment management technology advisory expertise. Our whole portfolio approach is resonating more than ever before and underpins the record $192 billion of long-term net inflows from institutional clients in 2022. Institutional clients are choosing BlackRock because of our scale, our resources and the expertise to take on the challenges of each and every market. Clients select this because we take and invest for them in the long term and in alignment with their beneficiaries whose time horizon span decades. In an increasingly complex investment environment, we're seeing strong demand from clients looking to partner with BlackRock for outsourced solutions and expect this to continue in 2023. Just in the last two years, BlackRock has been entrusted to lead several significant outsourced mandates totaling over $300 billion in AUM, spanning existing and new clients. And I'm proud to say our pipeline remains very strong. In 2022, BlackRock helped millions of investors plan for their financial futures as they continue to turn their ETFs for long-term investments. iShare has led the industry with $220 billion of net inflows. We are proud that iShares offers the most choice in our industry. In 2022 alone, we launched over 85 new ETFs globally. And as a testament to our scale, the demand from our clients and our diversification, we had over 70 different iShares ETFs with annual net inflow surpassing $1 billion. Our growth was well diversified across our core equity, our fixed income, factors, sustainable and thematic ETF product categories, and we have seen repeatedly in periods of market uncertainty investors turned to iShares' precision exposure ETFs to make those tactical asset allocation decisions into year-end. iShares bond ETFs generated a record $123 billion of net inflows. We again led the industry, and six of the top 10 asset-gathering bond ETFs in 2022 were iShares. When I started my career a long time ago as a bond trader, it was much more difficult for individuals to assess the bond market. Their options were high-cost mutual funds or paying large markups to brokers to buy bond directly. 20 years ago, iShares launched the first four U.S.-listed bond ETFs. And today, we provide over 450 ETF choices across our $760 billion iShare fixed income platform. In an uncertain rate and credit environment this year, iShare I shared bond ETF benefit for having the most diverse product offerings in the industry, spanning governments, investment grade, high-yield emerging markets, municipals, innovations like buy rights and iBonds. The diversification means we can meet our clients' demands as it evolves. Earlier this year, investors used iShares bond ETF to express preference for short treasuries and more recently, our high yield, our corporates, long-duration ETFs have been leading the flows. The role of bonds in the portfolio is increasingly relevant. For the first time in years, investors can actually earn very attractive yields without taking much duration or credit risk. Just a year ago, the U.S. two-year treasury note was yielding approximately 90 basis points, and today, they're earning over 4% with corporate bonds earning over five and high-yield earning eight. Clients are coming to BlackRock to help them pursue generational opportunities in the bond market, and our leading $3.2 trillion fixed income and cash platform is well positioned to capture accelerating demand. In addition to our industry-leading bond ETF flows, clients turned to BlackRock's high-performing active platform, where over 80% of taxable fixed income assets are performing above benchmarks at a bare medium for the three- and four-year period. There will be more money moving around. And as investors recalibrate, we believe we will benefit as clients build portfolio with high-performing active investments alongside ETFs and, of course, private market strategies. The need for income and uncorrelated returns against the backdrop of higher inflation and a more challenged market for public equities will continue to drive demand for private markets. We raised $35 billion in client capital in 2022 led by private credit and infrastructure. We're successfully scaling successor funds, delivering larger funds through -- raises of subsequently fund vintages. In 2020, our third Global Energy and Power Fund raised a total of $5 billion surpassing the total assets of Vintage I and II combined. In 2022, the fourth fund raised $4.5 billion in investor -- in initial investor commitments at first close, achieving over half of our targeted $7.5 billion raise. Our diversified infrastructure funds are providing social and economic benefits to communities in the United States and around the world. We recently announced an agreement to form Gigapower, a joint venture with one of our diversified infrastructure funds and AT&T, which upon closing will provide fiber networks to customers and communities outside AT&T's traditional service area. The network will advance efforts to bridge the digital divide and ultimately help spur local economies and the communities in which Gigapower operates. One of the largest opportunities in infrastructure investing over the coming years will be the renewable infrastructure. In the United States, the inflation Reduction Act contains a range of measures to spur greater investment in demand for renewable energy, infrastructure and technology. In Europe, the energy supply shocks in 2022 have only sharpened the focus on energy security and given rise to the European Commission's REPowerEU plan for renewal energy investment. Client demand for income and uncorrelated returns also resonated in our multi-asset and fundamental active equity platforms, where we saw in our tactical asset allocation and equity dividend franchises we see great opportunities for clients in our income and dividend growth equity offerings. We can be tools to help thread the needle between generation income and growth that could potentially outrun inflation. Aladdin is foundational to how we serve clients across our platform. It helps us deliver precise tracking for our iShares ETFs. It allows us to onboard and service increasingly large complex mandates, and it has consistently demonstrated its value in proceeding and processing high trading volumes and providing transparency into portfolios in volatile markets. Our multi-decade investment in Aladdin continues to differentiate BlackRock and continues to differentiate Aladdin, both as an asset manager and as a leading fintech provider. Periods of market volatility have historically underscored the importance of Aladdin. And in 2022, we saw record net sales of Aladdin contributing to 10% growth in our annual contract value on constant currency basis. We see clients doubling down on technology and leveraging fewer providers to do more with less. This is evidenced by our mandate this year about half spanning multiple Aladdin products. We continue to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with Aladdin. Clients increasingly want to tailor how they use Aladdin to meet their own unique and specific needs, and we are providing them with choice and flexibility. We are creating deep integration with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions. Our partners include asset servicers, cloud providers digital asset platforms, trading systems and others who can work with clients in their Aladdin environment to provide a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. We continue to innovate in a variety of areas to expand the choice we offer clients. We're transforming on how clients can engage with companies they are invested in through our voting choice technology. BlackRock was the first organization to build and launch technology empowering institution clients in BlackRock separate accounts to nearly 650 pooled vehicles to choose how to vote the shares of the companies they own through our own index capabilities. Nearly half of our clients' index equity assets under management are now eligible. This includes all public and private pension plans we manage in the United States as well as retirement plan serving more than 60 million people around the world. And in just the last six months, the number of index equity clients nearly committed to voting choice has more than doubled. We are also working to expand this capability to individual investors in markets like the United Kingdom and in funds where it's possible. The majority of BlackRock's clients are investing to finance retirement. And BlackRock has been in the forefront of innovation and advocacy for retirement solutions throughout our entire history. We recently made a minority investment in the human interest, which is helping small and medium-sized businesses provide affordable, accessible retirement plans to their employees so more American can serve and save for a secured financial future. We believe human interest vision aligns closely with BlackRock's mission of helping more people experience financial well-being by making retirement plans accessible to more Americans. We've always believed in being agile in how we manage BlackRock. That is how we built our industry-leading position and generated value for shareholders over the long run. The uncertainty and the opportunity around us makes us even more important that we stay in front of the changes in the market and focus on delivering for each and every client. To extend our market leadership, we must invest in our people, invest in our platform for the long term by allocating resources where they are needed most in ways that are cost-effective and support our ability to scale. As Gary mentioned, our restructuring effort resulted in a number of valued colleagues and friends leaving the firm. We greatly appreciate the contributions they have made to BlackRock and wish the best for them. BlackRock remains a growth company. Even with this restructuring, our head count will still be 6% higher than a year ago. Looking ahead, we have deep conviction in our strategy and ability to execute with scale and with expense discipline. We are honored that our clients have entrusted us with over $300 billion of net assets in 2022. We see similar clients' needs reshaping and shaping the opportunity set for 2023, being a large insurance company seeking outsourced partnership with scale and expertise pension funds looking for attractive yields and less duration in credit risk, our financial advisers using our models and iShares to build better portfolios to meet the challenges, the long-term challenges of our clients. The investments we have made over the years have also positioned us to capture emerging opportunities and bond ETFs, huge opportunities in the rebuild out of infrastructure in the United States and the world and opportunities in transition finance. Our momentum in Aladdin has never been stronger, and our advisory capabilities continue to play a critical role in our dialogue with clients. I've spoken frequently over the years about the need for CEOs to effectively articulate the value their companies deliver to shareholders, clients, employees and other stakeholders. Similarly, as the CEO of BlackRock, I have a responsibility to articulate the BlackRock story, and it has never been more critical to do that than now. Over the past year, BlackRock has been the subject of a great deal of political and media discourse. It is my duty to address the questions being asked of us, a responsibility that I take very seriously. Some of these people have suggested we are either too progressive. Some of them suggested we're too conservative in how we manage our clients' money. I'm going to just tell everybody, we're neither. We're a fiduciary. We put our clients' returns first. We offer every client investment choices and then pursue their objectives that they choose and the performance they seek. I want to make it clear to our clients, our shareholders and all our stakeholders that we will be deterred in pursuing the outcomes that our clients desire. This steadfast focus has not only enabled us to deliver for clients but also to drive growth for each and every one of our shareholders. Since our IPO, in 1999, BlackRock has delivered a 7,700% total return to our shareholders. And this is the strongest return of a financial services company and the S&P 500 over that period. I thank BlackRock employees for the commitment to upholding our culture and living every day our purpose. They're always striving to better serve each other and each of our clients and finding new and innovative ways to be helping our stakeholders achieve a financial well-being. I really do want to call out and thank Gary once more for his last earnings call. He's been a friend way beyond his term at BlackRock. He's been an adviser. Sometimes he's been tough. Sometimes he's been lovely, but Gary has been an important part of driving our growth over these last 10 years and driving the success of our share price for our shareholders. I am thrilled personally and professionally he will continue to be with us at BlackRock as a Vice Chairman, and I look forward to having Martin Small join us as the CFO for our next call in April. Thank you, everyone, and let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Daniel Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Daniel Fannon: I wanted to follow-up on your comments around asset allocation. And thinking about conversations you're having with clients here into 2023, clearly, fixed income is an area that you've talked about. Can you talk about you need to see rates peak before you start to see that demand? Are you seeing it now? And then also, what other kind of assets outside of fixed income or products that you see really incremental demand as we think about this year?
Laurence Fink: Rob?
Robert Kapito: I'll take that one, Dan. Rob Kapito here. Clients have, as you know, experienced a very difficult market in 2022. There were joint double-digit declines across both global equities and bonds. I don't think we have to wait to actually call rates where they're going to top or not to know that the traditional 60-40 portfolio has been challenged. And right now, they need a partner to help them rethink their allocations, which are going to have to be much more nimble because of the change in market structure and specifically how each asset class is going to be managed. We find that they are turning to BlackRock more and more for both insights and solutions. And the three areas that are more common are inflation protection because of the uncertainty of where rates are going to go. They're looking for income both from the products they have and from cash, and they're looking at how to navigate the private markets, which continue to grow in size. We have built, over the years, a platform that is allowing us to address these client needs both in good markets and in bad ones. And I think the results that Larry described in 2022 demonstrate how we have been able to participate significantly for our clients. But now to answer your question even more directly, we see a lot of tailwinds that I think are going to support our growth trajectory into 2023. The first one is certainly fixed income because, for the first time in years, insurers and pension funds can actually earn very attractive yields without taking much duration or credit risk. And our $2.5 trillion fixed income platform is strong. The performance across our flagship franchises are excellent, and we are well positioned to help clients add back to their allocations as the rate environment stabilizes. So our fixed income teams, both in active and in passive, are ready. A lot of that will come through ETFs. And we expect that the industry is going to reach $15 trillion in the next few years with iShares leading the growth as it did in 2022, whether it's through fixed income, core or precision, we have the most diversified lineup of ETFs. And as you know, in the U.S. ETFs only represent 2.3% of the bond market. So, we have a lot of runway here. On the private market side, I would emphasize infrastructure and private credit. And one of the largest opportunities will be in renewable infrastructure, and that will benefit even more from the Infrastructure Reduction Act that has been passed in the U.S. And an example Larry gave in his remarks was the recently announced infrastructure JV with AT&T called Gigapower, which is an example of this momentum, which we think there will be many other JVs available to us with other companies in renewable infrastructure. And private credit continues to expand as public financing retreats and more companies seek capital. And there are a couple of others that I think should be highlighted especially as growth areas for BlackRock. One is outsourcing, and we have seen this trend over the last several years. And our recent successes with significant sized mandates are going to position us well to execute on a strong 2023 pipeline. One that has been overlooked is models. There is a shift in wealth management from individual stock fund selection to a whole portfolio-based approach, and that is accelerating demand for models. More importantly, BlackRock managed models are only a fraction of the opportunity. The biggest growth potential comes from other model managers using iShares and other index products as building blocks in very large size in their asset allocation. And then, of course, lastly, is Aladdin, because you know that, in periods of market volatility, it has historically increased the importance of Aladdin to our clients as we saw in our record net sales in 2022. So, all of these position us for continued growth in the years ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Gary, congrats again on your next move. And maybe in the spirit of this being your last CFO earnings call, we'll get an expense question in there. So, I heard you on the core G&A guide mid- to high single digits for 2023. Maybe help us frame sort of the market conditions that this guide contemplates. And I guess how are you thinking about the expense base, more broadly, including compensation, compensation rate, things like that for the year?
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Alex. So maybe just some context, right, and I think we've spent the last couple of calls talking about our philosophy of really trying to drive organic growth because we know that, that is obviously a critical driver of our PE multiple. And I think we are also mindful that we come through these periods of volatility generally better positioned than our competitors because of our diversified model that gives us the ability to continue to invest going forward when others simply can't do it. And I think as we've talked about this, there's this conundrum, right, which is, on the one hand, we know that our PE multiple is driven by growth. And on the other hand, just understand that in the context of the overall market, our revenue run rate is down, and there is a little bit of a misalignment between our expense base and our revenue capture rate versus where it was a couple of years ago. But I think as we saw coming out of the pandemic, we continued to invest in our business, and that resulted ultimately in the two best years in BlackRock's history in 2021. And in 2022, we've once again delivered by generating over $300 billion of net inflows while most of the industry has been in outflow. So our challenge today really remains to ensure that we can continue to invest in our highest growth opportunities. And we're obviously committed to doing that by trying to relentlessly reallocate resources across the organization. We obviously don't go -- we don't go into a year predicated on any beta assumptions. We try to take beta out of it. I think Rob Kapito did an amazing job of explaining where we think most of the growth potential are on the revenue side. And so it's with that in mind that, in July, we really began to more aggressively manage the pace of our hiring and our discretionary spend and more recently determined to effect a broader restructuring of the size and the shape of the workforce to really free up that investment capacity to ensure that we can continue to basically drive our most important growth initiatives and obviously create opportunities for our talent to develop and prosper. So, I think you've seen that and we talked about that. For next year, we expect our head count will be broadly flat. We are going to continue to optimize our talent pyramid and grow our footprint in iHub innovation centers globally in the U.S., EMEA and APAC. And as I mentioned, we would expect a mid- to high single-digit increase in our core G&A expense. That's coming off a lower base because, as you know, we initially had given you guys, 13% to 15% increase. We actually came in closer to 11%. So we'll be growing off a lower base, and that will continue to be driven by the variety of things that I mentioned on the call, Hudson Yards, technology to scale ops and, obviously, the annualization of a number of expenses, including our Aladdin cloud migration costs. But I really want to remind everyone that our highest margin business is beta. And obviously, we've seen that both on the way up and we also see it on the way down. And as markets hopefully recover we are very confident to see -- to say that our revenue growth over the long term should meaningfully outpace our growth in any of these discretionary expense items and ultimately be accretive to our operating margin.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: And Gary congratulations on an amazing 10-year run as CFO, I wish you all the best in your new role. Just a question on Aladdin. Hoping you could unpack a bit of that you're seeing in Aladdin with the record wins? And how you think about extending the platform to other use cases and verticals and how you're thinking about the drivers of growth over the next several years?
Laurence Fink: We have been incredibly focused in broadening the capabilities of Aladdin, as you know, over the last 10 years, whether it's Aladdin provider or the work we are doing related to the trading platforms. So on top of that, Aladdin accounting, using Aladdin for private markets through eFront. And then I would say probably a little more interesting directions is using a lateral whole portfolio reviews and views. All of this is just leading to more and more conversations. On top of that, as we built up deeper and deeper expertise in different products, the clients who have historically hired us years ago who are only, let's say, in a fixed income platform are now looking at Aladdin across privates, across equities, across other areas. So let's be clear. A lot of the growth is with existing clients, but also a lot of growth is now with the new clients. So, we're not only just seeing clients in the old geographic footprint. We're seeing new clients expanding geographically. More and more clients flows now in Europe, much more in the Middle East. We won our first client in Africa. Over the years, we've become one of the leading technology platform for the pension fund community in South America and Mexico. So Aladdin is becoming one of the key enterprise components of the ecosystem in various parts of the world. And I do believe when you have market shocks, when you have dislocations and volatility, it truly underscores the need for a more fulsome connected enterprise operation. Historically, people thought of Aladdin as risk management. Most people are not hiring Aladdin for risk management as much as its flow-through enterprise operating system. Having that connection with the custodial bank, having the ability to have accounting, having a whole portfolio analysis and helping them truly drive a whole portfolio analytical understanding. And so, all of this is just leading to more and more opportunities whether it's a focus on sustainability or a focus on operations or focusing on, again, risk management, Aladdin is just very well positioned to meet the needs of the clients, and we're more focused than ever on enhancing the Aladdin value proposition. Let's be clear, in declining markets, clients are worried about their expenses. And yet, what we proved in '22 with declining expenses, Aladdin enterprise system can actually lower expenses in a holistic way. And so, what we're trying to do is show the true ability to clients worldwide about how can Aladdin be a component to drive greater and greater success in terms of operational success, investment success. But over time, Aladdin can drive down expenses, too, for any operation.
Operator: We'll move to our next question with Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: And Gary thanks for your help over the last nine years. I'm sure you're going to really miss these quarterly earnings calls.
Laurence Fink: I could tell you he's going to be sulking.
Gary Shedlin: I'll miss you, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: So just a follow-up to Rob's comments on the first question for the potential for fixed income rebalancing, do you think passive will win the majority of inflows like we've seen in equities for the last decade? Or do you think active will grab a healthy split of share as we've seen in fixed income really up until just this last year?
Laurence Fink: Great question. So the majority of investors in fixed income ETFs are not passive. They're active. We've been talking about this -- actually began talking about this in 2012 where we believe the simplicity, the liquidity, the operational abilities to use fixed income ETFs to get your factor exposures, the duration, the convexity, the credit exposures you're looking for, you could do that through investing in these index instruments, but you're certainly not passively navigating or managing them. And I truly believe what we saw in 2022, movements out of mutual fund into ETFs provides much greater precision expertise to manage your fixed income exposures through ETFs. And I believe this is going to become one of the most important transformations in the entire capital markets, that more and more bond exposures are going to be utilized through ETF purchases, and it is not passive. It is highly active, and that's where people get confused because they think about ETFs as a passive instrument, both bonds and stock. And what we have been trying to identify over the years and now, most certainly, we saw that in 2022 in bonds that is far from a passive instrument. It is an index liquid investment to allow you to get your exposures that you're seeking, and you're able to navigate those exposures. Look, I believe in how investors are going to use it. They're going to use it side-by-side with their true active bond investing. So I'm not trying to suggest bond active investing. Buying individual bonds is going away, it's not. But for the bulk of most fixed income portfolios, you do not need to have all individual bonds. You can express a large component of that through ETFs. And then if you have the great credit expertise, mortgage expertise where you could really find true value in individual bonds, you're going to do that. But let's be clear, most organizations can't do that in totality in their entire fixed income universe. And so, I believe ETFs are going to continue to grow, especially in fixed income. Rob talked about how we believe this is the beginning of a major expansion of bond ETFs as a component of the entire bond market. And we believe this is going to simplify investing. It's going to make investing in bonds easier with more liquidity, and it's going to be cheaper. And I believe this is only the beginning, using index-like instruments like bond ETFs to actively invest to actively express your exposures that you're seeking, alongside side-by-side in individual bond selections. And we are seeing that with every, if not all -- but I'm going to say every active bond investor is now using ETF as a component of their active expression of exposures.
Robert Kapito: I would just add, Craig, one thing is I believe we are going into a period of time in fixed income where you can add alpha in your individual bond selection or where you are on the curve. And you can do it through both active and passive, as Larry is saying, but it will all come down to the ability to add alpha. I can give you an example now in the short end of the curve, which a year ago was very low-yielding. Today, we can find opportunities to earn a 5.5% to 6% in a very short duration. That is going to be active. So it is a combination of both, but it will depend on where our clients can find the most output to determine the split between both ETFs, index and active as you call active.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I do, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our fourth quarter and full year performance is a direct result of our commitment in serving our clients each and everyone individually, providing them choice and helping them through guidance with our fiduciary standards that help them evolve and build their needs for the long term. I'm incredibly excited about 2023 and the opportunities ahead of us. And I believe BlackRock is in a position unlike any other time in our history, I want to thank all of you and everyone, please have a great start to our new year.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jake and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2022. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. As a reminder, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we updated our definitions of as-adjusted operating income, operating margin and net income. Year-over-year financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter results to these recast financials. Market conditions remained very challenged in the third quarter, with global equity and debt markets ending down 25% and 14%, respectively, for the first 9 months of 2022. In total, these market declines, along with significant dollar appreciation against major currencies, reduced the value of BlackRock’s assets under management by over $2 trillion since December 31. Inflation, rising rates, liquidity, market volatility and geopolitical uncertainty remains significant concerns for clients, but more of them are turning to BlackRock for comprehensive solutions to help build more resilient portfolios. They increasingly value our unparalleled breadth of investment products, styles and exposures which allows them to customize portfolios to address the investment policies, return targets and unique needs of their stakeholders. Our ability to deliver this customization at scale is a unique advantage and it is during times of market uncertainty that the power of our platform becomes most evident. Despite the most challenging market backdrop in decades, BlackRock generated industry-leading long-term net inflows of $248 billion during the first 9 months of 2022, demonstrating the strength and stability of our globally integrated multi-asset solutions-oriented platform. We have invested for years to develop leading franchises in high-growth areas such as ETFs, private markets, outsourced solutions and technology. And importantly, we have worked tirelessly to fully integrate these capabilities into our One BlackRock business model and culture. This connectivity and collaboration is more important than ever before as we bring together the entire firm to deliver better outcomes for our clients and differentiated growth for our shareholders. And while we can’t control near-term volatility or the specific client risk preferences that may result, BlackRock’s platform has been purposely built over time to help clients meet their objectives, regardless of the market environment. Over the last 12 months, BlackRock’s broad-based platform has generated approximately $400 billion of total net inflows, representing positive organic base fee growth of 2%. During a tumultuous market environment, BlackRock generated third quarter long-term net inflows of $65 billion, representing approximately 3% annualized organic asset growth. Quarterly long-term net inflows were partially offset by net outflows from cash and advisory AUM. However, total quarterly annualized organic base fee decay of 4% reflected outflows from higher fee precision ETFs, the continued impact of elevated redemptions in active equity and fixed income mutual funds and outflows in institutional money market funds. Third quarter revenue of $4.3 billion was 15% lower year-over-year primarily driven by the impact of significant lower markets and dollar appreciation on average AUM and lower performance fees. Operating income of $1.6 billion was down 22% and reflected the impact of approximately $96 million of closed-end fund launch costs in the third quarter of 2021. Earnings per share of $9.55 declined 16% versus a year ago, also reflecting a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by lower non-operating income compared to a year ago. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 19%, reflecting $93 million of discrete tax benefits. We continue to estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2022, but the actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Non-operating results for the quarter included $219 million of net investment income and reflected a $267 million non-cash gain related to our strategic minority investment in iCapital. Third quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.5 billion was down 10% year-over-year, broadly in line with the decline in our average AUM. The negative revenue impact of approximately $1.9 trillion of market beta and foreign exchange movements on AUM over the last 12 months was partially offset by positive organic base fee growth over the same period and the elimination of discretionary yield support money market fund fee waivers versus a year ago. On a constant currency basis, we estimate second quarter base fee and securities lending revenue would have been down 8% year-over-year. Sequentially, while base fee and securities lending revenue was down 4% on an equivalent day count basis, our effective fee rate was approximately flat. As a result of continued global equity and bond market declines toward the end of the quarter, including the impact of FX-related dollar appreciation, we entered the fourth quarter with an estimated base fee run rate approximately 7% lower than our total base fees for the third quarter. Performance fees of $82 million decreased from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower revenue from liquid alternative products, including lower fees from a single hedge fund, with an annual performance measurement period that ends in the third quarter. Our Aladdin business delivered record sales in the first 9 months of 2022 and demand for our technology solutions has never been stronger. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 6% from a year ago, reflecting this increased demand, but also reflecting significant headwinds associated with the FX impact on Aladdin’s non-dollar revenue and market declines on Aladdin’s fixed income platform assets. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 7% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, we estimate ACV would have increased 10% from a year ago. Total expense decreased 10% year-over-year, reflecting lower compensation, G&A and direct fund expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was down 12%, primarily reflecting lower incentive compensation due to lower operating income and performance fees, partially offset by higher base fee compensation. Quarterly G&A expense declined 6% versus a year ago and reflected the impact of $96 million of closed-end fund launch costs in the third quarter of 2021, which are excluded when reporting our as-adjusted operating margin. Excluding these costs, G&A expense increased 13% due to higher marketing and promotional expense, including the impact of higher T&E expense and ongoing strategic investments in technology, including cloud computing costs. Sequentially, G&A expense was up 5%, primarily reflecting higher marketing and promotional expense. Direct fund expense was down 10% year-over-year driven by lower average index AUM. Our third quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 42% was down 560 basis points from a year ago, reflecting the immediate negative impact of markets and foreign exchange movements on quarterly revenue and the ongoing longer-term strategic investments we have been making in technology and our people. BlackRock’s industry-leading organic growth is a direct result of the purposeful investments we have consistently made through market cycles. The diversification and stability of our platform has allowed us to pursue critical investment when others have been forced to pull back. But we also recognize that this market environment may require a different playbook. While we continue to have deep conviction in our strategy and the long-term growth of the global capital markets, we have begun to more aggressively manage the pace of certain discretionary spend. We are continuing to pursue critical hires that support our near-term growth, but are pausing the balance of our hiring plans for the remainder of 2022. In addition, we now expect our full year increase in 2022 core G&A to be in the range of 13% to 15% lower than our previous guidance of 15% to 20% that we communicated in January. While these steps will not materially impact our 2022 results, they will better position us going into 2023, should market headwinds persist. Throughout our history, we have demonstrated that we are pragmatic and agile in managing our expenses. As always, we remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible and will be prudent in continuing to assess our overall level of spend in the current environment. Our capital management strategy remains to first invest in our business and then to consistently return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased nearly $1.4 billion worth of shares in the first 9 months of this year, including $375 million in the third quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we will – we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares in the fourth quarter consistent with our previous guidance. BlackRock’s third quarter long-term net inflows of $65 billion once again demonstrate the stability of our diversified platform and the strategic alignment with clients. We are increasingly looking for partners who can provide them with global insights and whole portfolio solutions tailored to their future goals. Third quarter ETF net inflows of $22 billion were led by surging demand for our bond ETFs partially offset by sentiment-driven outflows from commodities, broad emerging markets, exposures and small-cap equity precision ETFs. As we have seen repeatedly in periods of market volatility, investors turn to iShares precision exposure ETFs to express risk and tactical asset allocation preferences. Bond ETFs generated $37 billion of net inflows, the second best quarter in our history. We are not only leading the bond ETF industry in terms of AUM and net new business market share, but we are working with all stakeholders to grow the bond ETF industry itself. It took 17 years for the industry to reach $1 trillion in 2019. It is now closing in on $2 trillion. And we believe that the industry will be at $5 trillion before the end of the decade, with BlackRock leading that significant growth. Retail net outflows of $5 billion reflected ongoing industry pressures in active fixed income and world allocation strategies, partially offset by strength in index SMAs and our systematic equity income and multi-strategy alternatives funds. Institutional active net inflows of $71 billion were led by fixed income and multi-asset net inflows and included the impact of several previously announced significant outsourced CIO mandates, including the funding of approximately 45% of the AIG Corebridge fixed income assignment. Institutional index net inflows of $23 billion – net outflows of $23 billion primarily reflected equity net outflows as clients sought to derisk or rebalance in the current environment. Demand for alternatives also continued, with $2 billion of net inflows and $4 billion of new commitments raised across our liquid and illiquid platform during the quarter. New illiquid commitments were driven by private credit and infrastructure. We now have approximately $37 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. Our cash management platform experienced net outflows of $40 billion, primarily driven by redemptions from U.S. government money market funds as reduced debt issuance in a higher rate environment, coupled with ongoing capital management and a general reduction in corporate cash levels, contributed to industry-wide institutional outflows. As rates stabilize, BlackRock is well positioned to grow market share by leveraging our scale, product breadth, technology, and risk management on behalf of liquidity clients. Finally, third quarter advisory net outflows of $9 billion were primarily linked to the successful transition of the last remaining assets managed in connection with our assignment with the New York Federal Reserve Bank. Throughout our history, BlackRock is led by listening to clients. This connectivity has been foundational to our growth over the last 34 years and our relationships with clients have never been deeper. We have always capitalized on market disruption to emerge stronger by continuing to innovate, to work collaboratively and to deliver the full power of our platform. While challenging, this market environment is no exception. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Gary and good morning to everyone and thank you for joining the call. Today and throughout our history, we have focused on providing our clients with choice in how they pursue their long-term investment goals. Over the last 34 years, we have built the industry’s most comprehensive and integrated investments in technology platform. Our diverse solutions provide clients with more choice to address their unique priorities. It is our job to deliver them the best financial returns based on our clients’ own preferences. Our comprehensive platform allows us to serve clients around the world of all types and sizes whether you were looking for a broad-based index exposure, private markets or fully outsourced solutions. For many clients, market-weighted portfolios will suit their needs. Others may want to access to precise exposures in certain regions or sectors, whether that’s Latin America or Southeast Asia or healthcare or agriculture. So others will want their investments to reflect their values or contribute to environmental priorities or pursue opportunities in the energy transition. BlackRock provides investment choice to our clients and our clients decide how they invest their money. Because of this, clients are turning to BlackRock more than ever. Our broad investment product capability, our leading technology platform, our whole portfolio approach and global insights are strongly resonating worldwide with our clients. I cannot think of a time when we have – we are having more comprehensive conversations with more clients than we are today. First 9 months of 2022 have brought on a complex economic environment, consumers, companies and portfolios remain impacted by the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which reached a record high against the pound in the quarter, following a holistic plunge in the U.S. gilt markets. Central banks continue to prioritize bringing down inflation as they should. At the same time, increased government stimulus is creating a disconnect between fiscal policy and monetary policy. While central banks are tasked with bringing down inflation, governments are injecting stimulus into the economy, making the central bank’s jobs even harder. The speed at which central banks are raising rates to rein in inflation alongside slowing economic growth is creating extraordinary uncertainty, increased volatility and lower levels of market liquidity. After an early summer rally in equities, markets again came under pressure in the third quarter, with equity markets ending down 25% for the first 9 months and the aggregate bond index is down over 14%. While of course BlackRock is not immune to the impact of markets and currency moves, we remain focused on what we can control. We are bringing our capabilities and insights to clients to help them navigate the opportunities and challenges presented by this environment. Even when much of the industry has experienced outflows, clients entrusted us with more than $248 billion in net new business in the first 9 months of 2022, including $65 billion in the third quarter. And our voice continues to resonate in every region where we operate. In the U.S. alone, during the third quarter, clients awarded us $84 billion of long-term net inflows. BlackRock is uniquely positioned in this environment because of our integrated investment management, integrated technology and our advisory expertise, something no other asset manager can provide. Even with these historical difficult market conditions, BlackRock’s AUM is still up $2 trillion since the beginning of 2019. And during that period, we also added over $1.6 trillion in assets under management from organic growth alone. No one else in the industry has done this. And let me be clear, this is not by an accident. For years, we strategically invested in our platform both organically and inorganically in anticipation of our clients’ evolving needs and preferences. What made our investment so successful was our steadfast commitment to integrate our capabilities onto one platform, onto one culture, onto one technology platform. That is what One BlackRock is about, and this is why we connect to our clients worldwide. They have one organization to come to. That culture and approach is just as relevant today, maybe even more so, while others are talking about change and challenges in the asset management industry that we have long anticipated long prepared for, and we are spending our time delivering solutions to our clients. Our long-standing commitment to reimagining our business to innovate ahead of the needs of our clients is translating into industry-leading organic growth we’re generating today. BlackRock’s whole portfolio approach is resonating more than ever against this market backdrop, as clients look for partners with comprehensive capabilities and a global outlook to help them rethink their portfolio allocations. It is especially central to the momentum we are seeing in these major outsourcing mandates. BlackRock anticipates a growing need from insurance companies, pension and wealth distribution partners for more comprehensive outsourced solutions, as they are increasingly looking to focus on their core business. We invested to align our investment expertise, operational expertise and technology to address these clients’ needs. The movement towards outsourcing accelerated even faster than we anticipated. And BlackRock has been in the forefront, working with clients of all sizes that help them meet their investment objectives and to better serve their own stakeholders. Just in the last 2 years, we are honored that BlackRock has been entrusted to lead several significant outsourced mandates totaling over $300 billion in AUM, spanning existing but also entering new client relationships and new capabilities. Third quarter results included some of the flows that these outsourced relationships that we have, and we see strong momentum going forward. Aladdin is not only the operating system that unites all of BlackRock. It is a key component of many of our largest clients’ relationships. Driven by our continued innovation and the power of our user provider model, demand for Aladdin has never been stronger. We’ve seen record new mandates in 2022 and see strong momentum going forward. We have invested to expand Aladdin’s value proposition to a clients’ – to addressing our clients’ needs across investment life cycle. Aladdin’s integrated offerings are resonating with clients, with about half of this year’s mandate spending multiple Aladdin products. This includes clients using the Aladdin whole portfolio view, which grew out of our own acquisition of eFront, to seamlessly manage portfolios across public and private asset classes on one single platform. It includes clients leveraging Enterprise Aladdin and alongside Aladdin Accounting or the Aladdin Data Cloud. The success of our expanded Aladdin offerings demonstrates how clients value our innovation and our integrated capabilities. Just as Aladdin is transforming the operating system of the asset management industry, bond ETFs are revolutionizing fixed income investing with iShares leading industry growth and industry innovation. iShares bond ETFs generated $76 billion of net inflows in the first 9 months in 2022, even as a generational rise in inflation and tighter monetary policy resulted in sharp price declines in the bond markets. Flows in 2022 highlighted the unique diversity of BlackRock’s Bond ETF platform. Flows were led by U.S. Treasury ETFs, but also saw strong growth in investment grade in municipals and international government bonds. Today, BlackRock’s ETF platform stands at $700 billion in AUM across 300 ETFs, serving millions of investors globally. We also saw more opening of the bond ETF ecosystem, such as the CME’s announcement that it would accept certain bond ETF for collateral management and continued adoption from U.S. insurers, giving changes to the bond ETF capital treatment announced earlier this year. Beyond fixed income, we are partnering with clients to deliver benefits of ETS to their portfolios across each of their major product categories. Investors continue to turn to iShares ETF for long-term investments, active and for passes. And we also saw growth across core equity, sustainable ETFs in the third quarter and throughout the year. Across our ETF platform, BlackRock generated inflows of $22 billion in the third quarter and $131 billion year-to-date. ETF flows for BlackRock were particularly impacted by high utilization of iShares precision exposures ETFs by institutional clients for their own exposure management. The tactical asset allocation tools are unique to BlackRock, and high utilization of ETFs reinforce the value proposition across the iShares strong secondary market liquidity and unique options and lending market ecosystem to allow our portfolios and investors to either go long or short using iShares as a vehicle to express their market views. BlackRock’s leading performance and innovation in the ETF industry is another testament to the integrated nature of our model and our platform. Aladdin enables us to handle complexity and precision with scale. iShares products diversification and innovation offers clients the widest choice in the industry. Globally, we have over 1,000 ETFs, nearly 6x the number of our next largest player. In 2022 alone, we launched 75 new ETFs, nearly double [indiscernible] launches by the next three largest providers combined. The breadth of this platform also enables us to capture changes in client demand and help our clients nimbly reposition as market conditions evolve. ETFs are increasingly the first place investors go to make tactical asset allocations and updates, manage liquidity or position for compelling long-term opportunities. And in particular, clients have been turning to us to help them navigate rapidly rising rates and capitalizing on generational opportunities in fixed income. BlackRock’s top-performing diversified fixed income platform across ETFs and active and across duration, across credit and high yield is uniquely positioned to help clients in line with our specific needs and goals, whether it will – to lock in a risk-free yields or to generate more income or to hedge against inflation. In addition to significant funding from outsourcing relationships, BlackRock’s active platform demonstrated continued momentum and systematic equities in LifePath target date funds and alternative strategies. We believe we will benefit from money in motion as clients recalibrate and build portfolios with high-performing active alongside ETF and private markets. While market volatility impacted shorter-term performance in some funds, long-term performance remains strong, with approximately 89% of our active fixed income and 82% of our fundamental equity are above our peers and medium for the 5-year period. We continue to see demand for alternatives, especially in private credit and infrastructure. As investors seek additional sources of yield or uncorrelated returns amid this more challenging public market alpha, we raised $6 billion through commitments and net inflows in the third quarter and $23 million in the first 9 months of 2022. BlackRock has built comprehensive private market capabilities that provide exposure across illiquid alternative asset classes and importantly, are integrated as a part of the One BlackRock platform. This is unique in the industry and offers us a tremendous leverage, alternatives at BlackRock benefiting from the firm’s global footprint, our network of clients and distribution relationships, access to differentiating high-quality deal flow, understanding our clients’ whole portfolios and leading data analytics and technology. In addition to our investment and technology capabilities, our Financial Markets Advisory group, continues to play a critical role in advising financial and official institutions. In the third quarter, we announced that our FMA group will be working Pro Bono with the Government of Ukraine to provide advice on designing and investment framework, with a goal of creating opportunities for both public and private investors to participate in the future of a reconstruction and recovery of the Ukrainian economy. BlackRock continues to innovate in a variety of areas to expand the choices that we offer to our clients. Last fall, we announced BlackRock’s Voting Choice Initiative, which leverages our technology to help eligible institutional clients participate in proxy voting decisions. Following years of work on technology and regulatory barriers, nearly half our clients’ index equity assets, including pension funds representing more than 60 million people, have simple and efficient options about their preferences, if they choose. We’re going to expand choice even further, and we’re committed to a future where every investor – every individual investor can have the option to participate in the proxy voting process, if they choose. Of the client assets currently available for voting choice, nearly 25% are held by clients who have so far elected to exercise their own voting choice and voting preferences. For other clients, BlackRock investment stewardship team serves as an important link between them and the companies they invest in. Over the past few months, I’ve been energized by the surge in people and activity in our offices around the world. Our people across all levels of our organization are being – are more motivated, they are more engaged and more focused on the future than ever before. Just as we continually innovate and evolve our business to stay ahead of our clients’ needs, we also evolve our organization and our leadership team, key to delivering the full power of One BlackRock to our clients and having our senior leadership team, having deep experience, knowledge and connectivity across the entire firm, with a desire of building deeper and broader horizontal leadership. We make organizational leadership changes every few years because we believe these changes bring the best benefits to our clients, our shareholders, our firm and to our leaders themselves. These changes not only keep us more tightly connected. They stimulate fresh thinking and helping us better anticipate all our clients’ needs. Part of the changes to our leadership that we announced last week reflected Gary’s desire to take on a new role, once again working directly with clients. He will be with us as CFO for the next quarter’s earnings and through our year-end reporting. But I want to take a minute to recognize and thank you. Thanks, Gary. He’s a great friend and has helped drive strong growth for BlackRock and our shareholders in the last 10 years as the CFO and for many years before that as our true trusted adviser. I’m glad he’ll continue with us at BlackRock as the Vice Chairman focusing on a number of our strategic client relationships. And I know that Martin, who has been named as our new CFO, will hit the ground running. With deep knowledge, deep experience from his 16 years at BlackRock across a varieties of different roles, Martin is a true example of stellar and pursuit horizontal leadership with many different experiences within the firm. He will be working very closely with Gary and the entire finance team over the next few months to ensure a smooth transition. BlackRock is fortunate to have a diverse and engaged Board of Directors, who act as stewards on behalf of all our shareholders and stakeholders in overseeing BlackRock’s management and our operations. It has always been important that our Board functions as a key strategic governing body that advises and challenges our management team that guides BlackRock into the future. Beth Ford has been the kind of a Director we seek out, someone who bring new perspectives and new expertise to the Board. She has been an invaluable, valued member of our Board. But because of her spouse’s new position as CIO of the Minnesota State Board of Investments, she decided that it would be inappropriate for her to step down – it would be appropriate for her to step down from our Board. And we’re grateful for the many contributions that Beth has made as a member of the BlackRock Board. We built BlackRock because we believe in the power of the capital markets, the power of what they have done in transforming economies for their long-term growth and the importance of being invested in them. The money we have managed – that we manage belong only to our clients. Over many years, we have been built – we have built the most comprehensive platform to help them meet their investment objectives and deliver better outcomes for the portfolio. We provide them choice so that their portfolios can be tailored to mask their preferences, and their goal is unique to them. Our clients hold many different views. They operate in vastly different regulatory and cultural environment. And in this politically polarizing world we’re living in today, we think that the model of client choice that we built during the last 34 years is more important than ever. In the last few months, especially in the United States, our industry and BlackRock itself has been the subject of increased political dialogue. We’ve seen and heard a lot of misinformation about BlackRock. We’re engaging more with our stakeholders than ever before. We’re telling our story so that people can make decisions based on facts, not on misinformation, not on politicization by others. I do believe that the vast majority of our clients, our voice is resonating as strong as ever. We hear it in our dialogue with them, and we see it in our flows. Again, in the United States alone, we have had positive net term inflows of $133 billion in the first three quarters of the year. And as I noted earlier, in the third quarter alone, we had 40 – excuse me, $84 billion in long-term net inflows awarded to BlackRock by U.S. clients. The majority of our clients are investing to fund the retirement of teachers, of nurses, of firefighters, of factory workers who are saving for their future. They are entrusting BlackRock with more of their portfolios because they know we are here to serve them today and all tomorrows in the future and have a track record of helping them achieve their goals. They remain – our clients remain our North Star. As markets change and as our clients need for more of us, we will stay true to our fiduciary mindset, our innovation instinct and our One BlackRock culture that has defined us and enabled differentiating growth and differentiating relationships with our clients. I believe the best of BlackRock is ahead of us. And we are all committed to delivering the power of our unified platform to benefit our clients; to benefit our employees; and most of all, to benefit our shareholders.  With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. I hope you and the team are doing well.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: And Gary, also just wanted to congratulate you on the new role, but I think you got one more earnings call with us.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Greg. Look forward to it.
Craig Siegenthaler: So my question is on the potential for client rebalancing into fixed income, just as rates and markets eventually stabilize. And arguably, nobody has better perspective on this topic than you guys just given the breadth of the BlackRock platform. But what is your outlook for fixed income given higher yields and also some of the sector themes like the benefits of demographics, including the retirement of the baby boomers?
Laurence Fink: Craig, let me turn it over to Rob.
Robert Kapito: Craig, thank you for the question. The markets in 2022 have certainly disrupted their traditional portfolio allocations from the past. Traditional 60-40 allocations are certainly at a balance and portfolio liquidity profiles have also been impacted. And now for the first time in years, investors can actually earn very attractive yields without taking much duration or credit risk. Just a year ago, the U.S. 2-year Treasury Notes were yielding 25 basis points. And today, they are earning 4%, corporate bonds are over 5% and high yield is above 9%. So, let me give you a little helpful context. If we go back in 1995, to get a 7.5% yield, which is what many institutions were looking for, a portfolio could be in 100% bonds. If you fast forward 10 years, in 2005, it had to be 50% bonds, 40% equities and 10% alternatives. Then move another 10 years. And in 2016, you needed only 15% bonds, 60% equities and 25% alternatives. This describes the growth of several markets. Now today, to get that same 7.5% yield, a portfolio could be in 85% bonds and then 15% equities and alternatives. And as you know, over the last several years, most of our clients, both institutional and retail, have been underweighted in fixed income. Today, infrastructure and sustainability stimulus in the U.S. is going to create significant opportunities for long-term investors and infrastructure to add returns to portfolios. So, the combination of bonds and infrastructure is going to present some great fixed income outcomes for our investors. And over the last several years, BlackRock has built some great teams that have great performance in these particular areas. So, clients are coming to BlackRock to help them pursue what I would call generational opportunities in the bond market, both institutional and individual. And we are helping those clients to navigate recalibrations of their fixed income portfolios. And just to reiterate a couple of comments from Larry. We saw $37 billion of net inflows into bond ETFs, which is the second best quarter we have had in history, and then an additional $1.5 billion into private credit and active fixed income inflows of where we have significant good performance for the long-term. So, I think we are going to see dramatic and large inflows into fixed income over the next year as interest rates rise. The breadth, diversification and performance of BlackRock’s fixed income and alternative capabilities over time across unconstrained, high yield, total return, duration, private credit and infrastructure positions us to capture those fixed income client flows as they look to lock in yields, rebalance back to target allocations or execute on opportunities for additional yield and certainly inflation protection in infrastructure. Back to you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Yes. Good morning, Larry. Thanks everybody for taking the question and congrats both to Gary and Martin as well. So, maybe just to build on Craig’s question, but zooming out a little bit and thinking about BlackRock’s organic base fee growth holistically, clearly, the firm is not immune to the macro challenges that we see in the space today. But given Rob’s comments around the attractiveness of fixed income markets and sort of other initiatives that you have at the firm, do you expect BlackRock to get back into sort of this mid-single digit organic base fee growth over the near to medium-term? And what are some of the other building blocks that will help you get there?
Laurence Fink: Gary?
Gary Shedlin: So, thanks, Alex, for the question. I think just looking back, we – when we set our 5% organic base fee growth target, it was never intended to be a quarter-to-quarter measure of our success, but really to think about what we can do to differentiate our growth and be more consistent over market cycles and the long-term. And I think we have proven that. Obviously, in the last 12 months, we have delivered 2% organic base fee growth. And I think that’s really a reflection of two things. One is our broad-based platform and its relevance to clients across a variety of market conditions. But more importantly, if you really see where our growth is coming from today, it’s coming from areas where we have invested to build newer franchises, in particular, places like alternatives or sustainability that are frankly new parts of our growth paradigm. If you look over a longer period of time, 5% organic growth over 7 years of the last 9 years. And I think, obviously, there is some pro cyclicality to that in terms of stronger markets. But I think we have shown our ability to generate positive organic base fee growth in years marked by market volatility. Obviously, we did it in ‘16. We did in ‘18. This is a little bit of a different environment. But we absolutely believe that, over time, we will be able to continue to maintain that growth. And why do we feel so confident about that, a, because I think we bring to the table a number of things: one, global reach to a full range of investment strategies across active index, alternatives and cash, a strong perspective on integrated risk management, where we have talked about an integrated business model today and obviously, unique performance, which in the long-term is still very, very strong for us. But it’s this ability to bring together all of these things to address client problems and their goals of objectives in the long-term through whole portfolio solutions, which I think is really the difference for us. So, I mean Rob Kapito mentioned a number of items. But whether it’s private markets, whether it’s ETFs, whether it’s fixed income or broadly, sustainability, technology leading position in cash and ability to bring it all together, whether to using technology to generate revenue itself or using technology to generate increased flows, whether in wealth or an institutional world, I think we still feel really, really comfortable that there is room to grow. But obviously, we need some stable markets to be able to do that. I think we cautioned everybody in very, very bold markets like we saw in basically ‘20 and ‘21 that 7% and 11% was probably a little bit above our punching rate. But it’s looking basically on an average over these cycles, I think we feel very comfortable with 5%. And I think once markets stabilize, clients are going to get right back to their focus on long-term needs and solutions, and we will be right there with them to basically help them address those problems.
Operator: Your next question will come from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi good morning.
Laurence Fink: Hi Ken.
Ken Worthington: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. The financial press has reported that BlackRock is caught in the middle of the ESG debate by those who think you are doing too much and those who think you are doing too little. So, maybe how would you characterize the cost here to BlackRock in terms of either reputation or lost business from the leadership position that you have taken on ESG issues? And have these costs been growing more recently as the financial press suggests? And then maybe looking forward, are you thinking about adjusting or repositioning the message on ESG, so you can better maximize the benefits and minimize the costs?
Robert Kapito: Great question, Ken. Thank you. Well, I think our flows for the year and our flows for the quarter here in the United States speak volumes about what’s really happening. Once again, U.S. flows in the third quarter, around $85 billion, $133 billion for the year, $258 billion over the last 12 months. And importantly, I think what it’s resonating is that we are providing clients, from any views, choice. So, there are clients who have used one side of the conversation related to sustainability. We allow them to have a choice, and we help them design their portfolios. And clients who have views, whatever those views may be, we provide them with product choice and product ideas. And I really do believe that’s resonating in almost every circumstance. And I do believe that has been the foundation of BlackRock, providing choice. We are giving clients that choice and access. And there are many clients who still believe that investing in sustainable strategy is the right long-term strategy. And that is giving them the choice to invest, and other clients may have different views. And so our message has been about choice. Our message has always been about whatever the client is looking to do and moving forward. And we have enlarged choice like no other asset management firm in the world by providing even voting choice now. And as I have said about a large component of our institutional clients have chosen now to bring back that vote. And we hope we have the ability to expand choice, as I said in my prepared remarks, across the entire universe of investors from small investors to all investors. And I believe if this is where we are going, we are going to provide that. I think this resonates very well because we are staying in front of the needs of the clients, and I think that is resonating in our flows this quarter. It is – we designed voting choice. Actually, we announced it over a year ago. And it’s now playing into a very good – it’s a major part of the dialogue today. So, I am aware of – obviously, of the articles, pretty – and we are addressing that. We are trying to tell our story. We are telling our story with Saks, and I am here to tell our shareholders today that choice is resonating.
Operator: We will now take our next question, which will come from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Laurence Fink: Hi Mike.
Michael Cyprys: Yes. So, I was hoping you could elaborate a bit around the pacing of your investment spend. I know in the past, you have mentioned that you would look to invest through the cycle. And clearly, you updated your core G&A guide here, this morning on the call, to more tightly manage that spend. So, I was hoping you could talk about how you prioritize where to invest at this point in the cycle versus where to slow down versus where to really pull back. And what does this all mean as you think about overall expense growth into 2023 compared to the 13% to 15% guide on core G&A for this year? Thank you.
Laurence Fink: Good question, Mike. Gary, do you want to…
Gary Shedlin: Sure. Thanks Mike. So, look, we are obviously trying to be very mindful on our margin. On the one hand, we know that shareholder value is clearly driven by continuing to invest to optimize organic growth. And we also know that historically, in markets like these, we have very much expanded our competitive moat because we can invest and others can’t. On the other hand, Mike, we are also mindful that we continue to grow – while we continue to grow organically, our overall revenue, run rate is down, again, primarily driven by factors outside of our control like FX and beta. And our level of discretionary spend is higher than it was a year ago. We had the same discussions as a management team post the onset of the pandemic in early 2020 when market – equity markets were down about 30%-plus. We faced that similar conundrum. And thankfully, we made the correct decision to kind of solder on top rates, but ultimately solder on. And as a result of that decision, we posted the two best years of organic growth in our history. But we are also mindful that these markets are not only a little different, but the time of recovery may similarly be – have a longer duration. And so while we do have that deep conviction in the strategy, we have talked about that on a number of the questions this morning, and not only that, but also the long-term growth of the capital markets, we do think it’s appropriate at this time to more aggressively manage the pace of certain of those investments. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we are going to really pause the balance of our discretionary hiring plans for the remainder of the year. We tightened up some of the discretionary spend in our G&A. And we will be using those as key placeholders and observations as we begin our discussions for our spending plans next year. I think that we have talked many times together about – you guys asked about margins of our individual business. And I can tell you that our highest margin business is beta. The good news is that’s both true on the way-up, but also on the way-down. And as markets hopefully recover, I am very confident that we are going to expect to see our revenue growth to meaningfully outpace growth in our discretionary spend and be accretive to our operating margin over time. But going into this year, our focus at a minimum will be on aggressive reallocation to a number of the areas that we have talked about, again, whether it would be private markets, ETFs, technology supporting whole portfolio solutions and making some tough calls in terms of how to make sure that we are balancing that organic growth in a way that benefits not only our clients, but also our employees and our shareholders.
Operator: And our last question will come from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence Fink: Good morning Dan.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up on the headlines around LDI and what’s been going on in that market. And if you could please size your AUM and even potential revenue associated with that strategy. And how you might think there could be or what you think about repercussions from either clients or regulators given what’s going on?
Laurence Fink: Let me start with the context of LDI first. LDI has been a 20-year market. It’s been transparent. Regulators have proved strategies. Consultants were the ones who really approve the strategies on behalf of the individual funds. It is our estimate the LDI market in the UK is about $1.7 trillion. We have about 20% of that, $250 billion. So, let’s describe what happened. These products were built with the idea that will create – to create these strategies. You had risk corridors of 100 basis points to 125 basis points. That corridor worked for over 20 years because of a fiscal policy announcement by the UK government. Markets fell over 100 basis points in one day. And many of the corridors were penetrated. Now what does that mean, it means the clients have to post margin in their total return swaps. Many clients did not have the ability to rapidly post margin in a single day. And that created the market setback. The Bank of England comes in and steps in and stabilizes it. And during the stabilization period, for those who have needed to be stabilized for many of the funds, they posted the margins. For many of the other funds that could not do it, there is we had a creator, and other firms had to create different types of corridors, broadening the corridors, should the corridors be not 100 basis points, but a 200 basis point corridor. And that by the announcement by the Governor of the Bank of England yesterday, it indicated to me that much of the reconstruction of these products have been done. They have the intelligence of every player in this. And so some – as I said, some of the pension funds did not have the collateral. And in doing so, they may have to sell other assets to meet margin calls. Some clients were easy to provide the margin call and some clients needed to have some form of restructuring. By the actions this morning, the market – the GILT market have been – I don’t know the GILT market since we have – on this call. But as of this morning, GILT market was stable. And so it appears much of the reconstruction of these products may have been done and the market may be just should be a little more normalized. I am not here to tell you I know the intelligence of has everybody done it, will there be more volatility starting in Monday on this, I don’t know that. What I do believe that we should do like BlackRock was a leader in terms of money market reform, we want to work with the regulators, be a part of this to try to say if volatility is going to continue to be this large, maybe there has to be whole redesigning of some of the products, whether it is – whether that is in a commingled fund or in separate accounts. But we are going to be part of the solution to move this forward and as we always are. But I think this is a specific event to the UK pension market. And it was a major component of the UK pension market. And so it had a very deliberate issues that impacted that market. But as of now, there has been adequate time in most cases, not all. I am not here to suggest it’s over of changing the corridors, widening that, obviously, at a cost and then importantly putting up the necessary margins that were necessary in the severe market moves in the UK GILT market.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
End of Q&A:
Laurence Fink: I do. Thank you everyone for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our third quarter results are a direct result of our commitment towards serving our clients and providing choice to our clients and in the backdrop of a very severe market downturns in both bonds and equities. But I believe the organic flows, the position we have had, the ability to provide choice to our clients resonated with the outcomes of the third quarter. And I believe they will be resonating in the quarters to come. So, I am excited about the opportunities ahead of us, and I see real opportunities that BlackRock’s position has never been stronger than ever. I want to thank everybody and have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jake and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris and good morning everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the second quarter of 2022. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing today primarily on our as-adjusted numbers. As a reminder, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we updated our definitions of as-adjusted operating income, operating margin and net income, year-over-year financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter results to these recast financials. Global equity and debt markets delivered their first – worst first half returns in decades as investors reacted to uncertainty associated with rising recession fears, surging inflation, interest rate hikes and geopolitical tensions. In total, these market declines, along with significant dollar appreciation against major currencies, reduced the value of BlackRock’s assets under management by $1.7 trillion since December 31. Despite this challenging backdrop, BlackRock’s comprehensive platforms still generated industry leading organic growth of over $175 billion of net inflows in the first half of 2022. BlackRock’s second quarter results once again demonstrate the resilience of our platform and validate the investments we have consistently made to build the most comprehensive range of investment management and technology solutions in the industry. I cannot think of a time when the value of our diversified platform and our commitment to continuously investing for the long-term ahead of client needs has been more evident. Over the last 12 months, BlackRock’s broad-based platform has generated over $460 billion of total net inflows, representing 5% organic base fee growth, providing a strong foundation to help immunize our base fees from the impact of double-digit market declines on our assets under management. During a tumultuous second quarter, BlackRock delivered total net inflows of $90 billion representing 4% annualized organic asset growth. Flows were positive across all product types and regions, demonstrating the diversification of our differentiated platform, even in the face of macro and industry headwinds and an ability to quickly adapt to changing client needs. Importantly, second quarter flows did not reflect the funding of any significant AIG-related assets, which will now occur in the second half of this year. Second quarter annualized organic base fee decay of 1% reflected client portfolio repositioning, favoring lower fee index and cash products and higher redemptions in active fixed income and equity mutual funds. Second quarter revenue of $4.5 billion was 6% lower year-over-year, primarily driven by the impact of significantly lower markets and dollar appreciation on average AUM and lower performance fees. Operating income of $1.7 billion was down 14% year-over-year, while earnings per share of $7.36 was down 30%, also reflecting meaningfully lower non-operating income compared to a year ago. Non-operating results for the quarter included $200 million of net investment losses, driven primarily by unrealized mark-to-market declines in the value of our unhedged seed capital investments and minority stake and investment. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 25%. We continue to estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax run-rate for the remainder of 2022 though the actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Despite double-digit declines in equity and fixed income indexes year-over-year, second quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.7 billion was down just 2% year-over-year. The negative impact of approximately $1.5 trillion of market beta and foreign exchange movements on AUM over the last 12 months was partially offset by 5% organic-based fee growth over the last year and the elimination of discretionary yield support money market fund waivers and higher securities lending revenue versus a year ago. On a constant currency basis, we estimate second quarter base fees and securities lending revenue would have been flat year-over-year. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was down 4%, reflecting the impact of continued market declines on average AUM. On an equivalent day count basis, our effective fee rate was up approximately 0.3 basis points benefiting from the elimination of discretionary money market fund fee waivers and higher securities lending revenue. As a result of significant global equity and bond market declines during the quarter, including the impact of excess related dollar appreciation, we entered the third quarter with an estimated base fee run-rate approximately 5% lower than our total base fees for the second quarter. Performance fees of $106 million decreased from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower revenues from alternative and long-only products. Our Aladdin business delivered record sales in the first 6 months of 2022 and demand for our technology solutions has never been stronger. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 5% from a year ago, reflecting this increased demand, but also reflected the currency impact of significant dollar appreciation on Aladdin’s non-dollar revenue. Annual contract value or ACV increased 10% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, we estimate ACV would have increased 13% from a year ago. We remain committed to low to mid-teens growth in ACV over the long-term, especially as periods of market volatility have historically underscored the importance of Aladdin and generated increased demand from clients. Total expense was flat year-over-year, reflecting lower compensation and direct fund expense partially offset by higher G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was down 6% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower incentive compensation due to lower operating income and performance fees and lower deferred compensation expense, driven in part by the mark-to-market impact of certain deferred cash compensation programs partially offset by higher base compensation. Direct fund expense decreased 5% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower average index AUM. G&A expense was up 12% year-over-year primarily driven by higher T&E expense and other costs associated with return to office and ongoing strategic investments in technology, including the migration of Aladdin to the cloud. Sequentially, G&A expense was up 7%, primarily reflecting higher T&E expense. Our second quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 43.7% was down 320 basis points from a year ago, reflecting the immediate negative impact of markets and foreign exchange movements on quarterly revenue and the ongoing longer term strategic investments we have been making in technology and our people. While we can’t control near-term market volatility, we are always prepared for it. We have strong conviction in our strategy, our clients’ increasing needs for whole portfolio and technology solutions, the growth of global capital markets and the strength of our proven operating model. The diversification and breadth of our business positions us to serve clients in a variety of environments and we continue to believe that our growth engines, including ETFs, alternatives, technology, and whole portfolio solutions are well-positioned to increase market share. Whether it was during the financial crisis of 2008 or in the early days of the pandemic in 2020, BlackRock has always capitalized on market disruption and emerged stronger, because the stability of our business model enables us to responsibly invest for the long-term and continue playing offense when many others are forced to pull back. We have navigated these choppy waters before and are well prepared for what may lie ahead. As always, we remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. We are continually focused on managing our entire discretionary expense base and we will be prudent in reevaluating our overall level of spend in the current environment. Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased approximately $1 billion worth of shares in the first half of this year, including $500 million in the second quarter. Our repurchases exceeded our planned run-rate as we took advantage of what we viewed as attractive relative valuation opportunities in our stock. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year, consistent with previous guidance. BlackRock’s second quarter net inflows of $90 billion, once again demonstrate the stability of our diversified platform to adapt to changing markets and client needs. ETF market share has increased as investors use them as vehicles of choice for strategic and tactical portfolio reallocation. Illiquid alternatives continue to provide clients with higher income and uncorrelated returns, as the traditional hedge between stocks and bonds has weakened and demand for cash management offerings is increasing amid rising rates. BlackRock was the beneficiary of each of these industry trends during the second quarter, enabling us to capture money in motion as investors recalibrated their portfolios. BlackRock’s second quarter ETF net inflows of $52 billion were positive across each of our product categories, core, strategic and precision representing 7% annualized organic asset growth. Our strategic category drove nearly 70% of net inflows in the quarter led by continued demand for our diversified fixed income offering as clients utilize bond ETFs to reposition portfolios given the major shifts in the fixed income market. Core equity and higher fee precision ETFs also saw net inflows of $15 billion and $1 billion, respectively. We have invested for years to support the growth of fixed income ETFs both to create a diversified bond ETF platform and to deliver the liquidity and price transparency our clients expect, especially during times of market stress. And another challenging quarter for fixed income markets, our bond ETFs once again delivered for clients and generated $31 billion of net inflows. Retail net outflows of $10 billion reflected industry pressures in active fixed income and world allocation strategies, partially offset by strength in index SMAs, municipal bonds and our systematic multi-strategy alternatives fund. Gross sales in U.S. active mutual funds have remained strong, but were offset by elevated redemptions from long-duration fixed income, high-yield and growth equities. BlackRock’s institutional franchise generated $26 billion of net inflows as we continued to partner with institutional clients to deliver investment expertise, greater customization, industry leading risk management and the benefits of our global scale. BlackRock’s Institutional active net inflows of $5 billion were led by growth in systematic active equity, illiquid alternatives, LifePath target date funds and outsourced CIO solutions. We see continued demand for our outsourcing capabilities and are increasingly engaging with the world’s most sophisticated institutions to partner with them on whole portfolio solutions. In March, we announced an assignment with AIG, where BlackRock will manage up to $150 billion of AIG’s investment portfolio and execute an Aladdin mandate, roughly $400 million from this assignment funded during the second quarter. At present, we expect the Aladdin contract to be executed and the majority of the remaining AIG assets to be funded during the second half of 2022. BlackRock’s institutional index business generated net inflows of $21 billion led by continued strength in LDI solutions. Across institutional and retail clients, demand for alternatives continued with nearly $5 billion of net inflows across liquid and illiquid alternative strategies during the quarter driven by private credit, infrastructure and private equity. Fundraising momentum remains strong and we have approximately $36 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. Finally, with cash becoming a more attractive asset class as rates rise, BlackRock’s cash management platform generated $21 billion of net inflows in the second quarter, benefiting from the investments we have made to build this business in recent years. Net inflows were driven by U.S. government mandates and included inflows from Circle as we became the primary manager of their U.S. DC cash reserves. In a rising rate environment, BlackRock is well-positioned to grow market share by leveraging our scale, product breadth, technology, and risk management on behalf of liquidity clients. As BlackRock has demonstrated throughout our history, challenging environments create unique opportunities for future growth and we have always emerged stronger and more deeply connected with our clients. While we are not immune to market headwinds, the last few months have only given us more conviction and our strategy and ability to deliver differentiated growth over the long-term. The diversification and breadth of our platform enables us to serve clients across market environments and we believe BlackRock is as well positioned as ever to meet the needs of all stakeholders. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call. The first half of 2022 brought on a combination of macro financial and economic challenges that investors haven’t seen in decades. Rising energy prices disrupted supply chains in hawkish pivots of central banks to confront inflation has sparked the real assessment of growth, profitability and risk across financial markets. Central banks are trying to rein in supply-driven inflation running at multi-decade highs without triggering a deep recession. Demand in the economy now is about the same as it was in pre-COVID. But as pandemic restrictions have lifted, we are seeing that it’s easier to restart demand than it is to restart supply. Countries and companies were already reevaluating their interdependencies following supply chain disruptions during the pandemic. And the Russian invasion of Ukraine has only intensified the prioritization of supply chain resiliency and security over cost of these supply chains and efficiencies of these supply chains. In the United States, the Fed’s effort to fight inflation through faster rate hikes helped push the U.S. dollar to a 20-year high in the quarter, impacting consumers companies, portfolios in the United States and around the world. U.S. companies with international businesses, including BlackRock, are facing foreign exchange headwinds impacting the value of their overseas earnings. Markets are reflecting investor anxiety as investors evaluate the potential impact of these pressures. 2022 ranks as a worst start in 50 years for both stocks and bonds, with global equity markets down 20% and the aggregate bond index down about 10%. While BlackRock is not immune to these markets and foreign exchange headwinds, we see it as an opportunity to strengthen our relationship with all our clients worldwide. And it is during these uncertain times like these that the resiliency and diversification of our platform is most evident. BlackRock generated $175 billion of total net inflows in the first half of 2022, including $90 billion in the second quarter. And these flows do not yet include any funding of the significant portion of the large client mandate we announced last quarter. The substantial organic growth demonstrates our ability to deliver industry leading flows even in these most challenging environments. Even after the worst first half declines in decades, BlackRock’s assets are up over $2.5 trillion since the beginning of 2019. And what I am most impressed with – at the same period, we generated $1.5 trillion of AUM through organic growth alone. No one else in the industry has come close to that. Our strategic investments over the years, including iShares, ETFs, private markets, active whole portfolio solutions at Aladdin, have allowed us to build a comprehensive platform to solve our clients’ needs across market environments. Cannot think of a time when BlackRock’s strategic focus has been better aligned to the market and the needs of our clients than it is today. We see more and more clients looking for a partner who can provide a truly whole portfolio approach across index, across active in cash, across private markets, but all underpinned by global insights and our industry-leading risk management technology. Only BlackRock can offer that. That is why clients are entrusting us with more of their portfolios. That is why BlackRock has seen such a substantial increase in OCIO mandates. That is why we had record Aladdin mandates this year. Connectivity with clients is even more important in a volatile and uncertain environment. Our clients more than ever are turning to BlackRock to help them navigate uncertainty. There have been incredible demand for clients for insight from BlackRock. During the recent months of volatility, we have hosted numerous large-scale events to share our market outlook, in addition, our direct connectivity with our clients. In the first half of the year, the BlackRock Investment Institute had hosted calls reaching a record number of clients, providing unique global insights, further amplifying our connectivity and reinforcing our voice with our clients globally. This connectivity enables us to better understand the challenges our clients are facing. And our comprehensive solutions have enabled us to help clients reallocate risk, rebalance, increase liquidity and capture opportunities in response to market moves. Our iShares business is one of the examples where our continuous innovation has allowed us to deliver new solutions for clients and for growth for the firm. 20 years ago, in December of 2002, iShares launched the first U.S. domiciled bond ETF, innovation that went on to break down many barriers in fixed income investing. Today, both individual investors and large institutions are using bond ETFs for convenient, efficient exposures to thousands of global bonds and to make quick specialized recalibrations to their portfolio. In other words, they are using bond ETFs for active investing. The challenges associated with high inflation to rising interest rates are attracting more first-time bond ETF users and prompting existing investors to find new ways to use ETFs in their portfolios for active investing. In the second quarter, we generated $31 billion of fixed income ETF net inflows led by a record flows in the month of May. Fixed income ETFs once again delivered the market quality that clients expected from us in stressed markets, providing liquidity, providing price transparency, U.S. fixed in ETF trading volume reached new records. In fact, the second quarter average volumes was up over 50% compared to last year. Our growth this quarter highlights the diversity of our fixed income ETF product range and our ability to serve clients as their needs change. As we still see this is the early days of a major transformation of how people invest in fixed income, we expect the bond ETF industry will nearly triple and reach $5 trillion in AUM at the end of the decade, driving significant growth in the broader ETF industry. When you consider that we build our fixing ETF platform in an extremely low yield environment, it is particularly exciting to consider how rising rates will bring a whole new set of investors into these funds. Beyond liquidity and market access, investors also turned to iShares ETF for long-term investments. We saw growth in each of our ETF product categories in the quarter for $52 billion of total ETF net inflows. BlackRock’s active platform demonstrated continued momentum in systematic equities LifePath target date, alternative strategies and great opportunities in our industry-leading fixed income platform like SIO. We believe we will outpace industry flows and active management due to our strong long-term investment performance and our diversified platform. While market volatility impacted shorter-term performance in some funds, long-term performance remains strong with approximately 85% of our active taxable fixed income and fundamental equity AUM above medium and benchmark here for the 5-year period. The diversity of our broad investment management platform enables us to capture changes in demand within active or as investors change our allocations to index or private markets. We saw this phenomenon in fixed income during the quarter where active fixed income net outflows were offset by inflows in fixed income ETFs and index LDI strategies as certain clients look to reallocate or immunize their portfolios. We also saw it as client demand shifted to cash as the interest rate environment improved, and we continue to see strong demand for illiquid alternative strategies with clients growing their allocations to private markets to improve portfolio diversification and the seek sources of yield and uncorrelated returns. In alternatives, we raised nearly $8 billion through committed and net flows across liquid and illiquid strategies. In liquid flows were driven by private credit and infrastructure and liquid flows were led by our systematic multi-strategy funds, which takes a credit-oriented approach. Since 2021, BlackRock raised over $55 billion of gross capital across our entire alternatives platform. One of the biggest long-term opportunities in alternatives will be the intersection of infrastructure and sustainability. Recent supply shocks have only increased the focus on energy security and compounded the need for infrastructure investments. Last month, we announced it a perpetual infrastructure strategy that will partner with leading infrastructure businesses over the long-term to help drive the energy transition from shades to brown to shades of green. This will help address the historic long-term investment opportunity presented by the global transition to a low-carbon economy. By 2050, an estimated $125 trillion of investments is needed globally to reach a net-zero. That applies an annual investment needs to grow to over $4 trillion compared to the $1 trillion a year – that is being achieved this year. As a fiduciary, we’re working with clients to help them understand, to help them navigate and for clients to choose and help that transition. BlackRock’s cash management platform reached record AUM levels in the quarter and generated $21 billion of net inflows. Surging short-term rates, flattening yield curves and now an inverted yield curve has made cash not just a safe place, but now also a more profitable place for investors a wait as they evaluate how to optimize their portfolios for the future. Even during low-rate environments, we invested in our cash business and have grown our share positioning us well to benefit from the reassurgence of client demand as rates rise. BlackRock’s diverse cash management offerings, including governments, prime municipals, ESG strategies allow us to serve all our clients’ cash allocation needs. Market volatility, growing cost pressures and increasing complexities and optimizing whole portfolios have only underscored the need for robust enterprise operating and risk management technology. The value of Aladdin’s integrated end-to-end technology platform and leading risk analytics became particularly evident in these market conditions. When portfolio managers needed real-time information, sophisticated tools to manage risk exposures and make investment decisions. We saw record Aladdin Climate mandates in the first half of 2022, expanding our range of technology solutions with strong demand for our newer capabilities, including Aladdin accounting, eFront and whole portfolio view. The market environment has also reinforced the need for offerings like Aladdin Wealth. Users of Aladdin Wealth by financial advisers at our largest clients have increased by more than 40% since the onset of market turbulence this year as financial advisers look to assess portfolio risk for all their clients for their entire business. BlackRock’s technology and risk management capabilities are also supporting the growth of our OCIO business. Since the beginning of 2019 and with the anticipated funding of the $150 billion AIG mandate later this year, we all have raised over $430 billion for major OCIO and fixed income insurance outsourcing assignments. As the trend towards outsourcing increases, BlackRock is well positioned to capture this opportunity and be a trusted partner for our clients. Another major trend defining our industry over the past several years has been interest in sustainable investing. And we continue to see strong client demand for sustainable strategies. BlackRock manages nearly $475 billion in dedicated sustainable AUM on behalf of our clients, and we saw over $20 billion of net inflows across active index and cash management in the quarter. One note – particularly noteworthy strategy we announced in May was an $800 million commitment raised for the BlackRock Impact Opportunity Fund. This fund is first of a kind a return-seeking multi-alternative strategy then invest in businesses and projects owned and led by serving people of color. The topic of sustainable investing has sparked a lot of debate in recent months. In many ways, it reminds me my early days being in the mortgage market. When I started my career working as a mortgage trader in the 1970s, shocking? Mortgage loans were first being securitized into bonds. There were lots of questions from investors, lots of questions from policymakers, lots of questions from regulators alike. While the mortgage market has since had many ups and downs, it is today a $10 trillion market. And with the appropriate underwriting standards, it has played a vital role in delivering attractive returns to investors and making homeownership affordable for millions. Just 2 years ago, the sustainable investing was not a priority for many clients. It is now one of the fastest-growing segments of the asset management industry. And one of the topics our clients are asking more questions than in any part of our business. I continue to believe that we are in the early days of this trend. 2 years ago, I said, I believe it will fundamentally reshape finance. I still believe that. But as in the early days of the mortgage market, there are a lot of questions. And with the mortgage market, the key to avoiding excesses and missteps is through better data and through better analytics. That’s why BlackRock is so focused on leveraging and creating better ESG data and analytics to help our clients better understand risk and opportunities in their portfolio, including those related to global transition to a low-carbon economy. ESG data indexing is still an evolving area. And we are working with our partners to assess and refine the best available data to help our clients meet their investment objectives in alignment with ESG preferences. We have long encouraged companies to report on sustainability issues so that investments better analyze how companies are navigating the transition to a low-carbon economy and other critical investment considerations. We believe that common taxonomy and coordinated high-quality disclosure framework will allow investors to more effectively compare data across companies and geographies. We must also recognize that the energy transition itself is a journey and will not occur overnight. It is not going to be a straight line. It can only work if the energy transition is fair and just. To ensure that the continuity of affordable energy during the transition, companies will need to invest in both fossil fuels like natural gas and renewable sources of energy. That is why we are working with energy companies throughout the world who are essentially meeting society’s energy needs, and we will play a critical role in helping any successful transition. Another area that has been increasingly interested with our clients as digital assets. BlackRock has been studying the ecosystem, particularly in areas that are relevant to our clients, including StablePoint, crypto acids, tokenization, permissional blockchains, last quarter we announced our minority investment in Circle, a global Internet payment company and issue our USD Coin, a stablecoin that is one of the fastest growing digital assets in the world. As part of our relationship, we became their primary manager of their U.S. DC cash reserves with assets invested entirely in short-term U.S. treasuries. The digital asset space is a developing area that has attracted increased attention from investors and policymakers, and we are encouraged by the discussion of the debate that is occurring about the creation and implementation of an appropriate regulatory approach and framework. The crypto asset market has witnessed a steep downturn in valuations over recent months, but we are still seeing more interest from institutional clients about how to efficiently access these assets, using our technology and product capability. This is a space that we are continuing to explore to help our clients who want to learn more and to help them who wanted to participate in these assets and to do it in a transparent and an efficient way. BlackRock continues to innovate in a variety of areas to expand the choices we offer clients to help them achieve their goals. Last fall, we announced the BlackRock Voting Choice initiative, which uses technology to help eligible institutional clients participate and proxy voting decisions. In the second quarter, we further expanded the opportunities for eligible clients, including public and private pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, foundations, sovereign wealth funds to participate in proxy voting decisions. Following years of work on technology and regulatory barriers, nearly half of our clients’ index equity assets including pension funds representing more than 60 million people have simple and efficient options to vote their preferences if they choose. The client assets currently available for voting choice nearly 25% are held by clients who have so far elected to exercise their own voting preference, and we’re working to expand choice even further. We’re committed to a future where every investor, even individual investors can ultimately have the option to participate in proxy voting processes as they choose. Over the course of BlackRock’s 34-year history, and in the years since the financial crisis and our acquisition of BGI, markets have experienced various periods of volatility and uncertainty. BlackRock has always come through stronger. It is through periods like this, clients more deeply connected with BlackRock’s platform, and we have more opportunities to work with our clients to continue to differentiate ourselves, and we are working with more and more of our stakeholders worldwide. We have always emphasized the connection between BlackRock taking a long-term view of our business and delivering differentiating growth for our shareholders. Many of BlackRock’s biggest successes have grown out of times of uncertainty and disruption. I see more opportunities for BlackRock today than ever before and I am incredibly excited about our future. As we look to realize those opportunities, we will continue to invest for the future and evolve ahead of our clients’ changing needs. The diversification, the resiliency of our platform allows us to pursue critical investments while maintaining our focus on expenses and on our margins. We will continue to manage what we can control, bringing together the entire firm to serve every one of our clients, big or small, to strategically invest in the highest growth opportunity in the future, leveraging our scale to deliver benefits to our clients and operating more efficiently. We will continue to drive forward on our commitments to our clients, to our shareholders, to our employees. And as I said earlier, I believe that BlackRock’s position has never been stronger. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the – Hi, Gary, Laurence. Just a question on the OCIO mandate wins. I was just hoping you could update us on some of the dialogue and conversations that you’re having with asset owners there. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the opportunity set that you see over the next couple of years. And how does this macro environment impact the sort of pendulum swinging between in-sourcing and outsourcing? Thank you.
Laurence Fink: Well, I would say that dialogue is becoming more robust than any time in our history. And much of it has to do with the uncertainty in the world, the complexities of markets. And no organization can bring the resources, the scale, the Aladdin technology, the completeness of investment platform than we can. I think the conversations we are having are because of that. And we are showing more and more clients the benefits that what we can provide to them. And I think this is we are going to see an acceleration of OCIO mandates because we can provide our services cheaper than in-house. We can provide as a fiduciary to their needs, a more systematic approach using the investment technology, the breadth of our investment scale across all products from obviously, from cash to alternatives gives us a very unique advantage. And we see this as a real huge opportunity for us. Obviously, it’s been noted about AIG. We had another big U.S. pension fund where we were – it was announced this week that we are now going to manage their entire defined contribution platform. We are working with other companies right now with more opportunities. I am incredibly excited because this is probably the greatest example of One BlackRock. The uniqueness of our platform by having a one culture that interconnects areas of active investing, index investing, investment technology, having the ability to provide alternatives, whether that may be some decarbonization investments across the board to other sites to private credit. But having the ability to work with these clients in a One BlackRock comprehensive way has really shown to our clients that no firm can provide this, and this is the virtue of having one – a one connected organization. We are not a multi-boutique organization. We are – our enterprise is interconnected across the board and we are able to provide that dialogue across the whole organization. And it shows up in these client conversations, whether that is the General Dynamics conversation or whether that is the British Air, these previously announced mandates. And as I said, the dialogues in OCIO has never been greater. And I am very excited about these opportunities. But let’s be clear, you cannot underscore the need for One BlackRock and culture to make this work. Then you overlay our technology, you overlay the completeness of our investment platform. It’s a pretty compelling story.
Operator: Now we will take our next question, and that will come from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Laurence Fink: Hi Craig. Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hi, good morning Larry and Gary. I hope you guys are doing well.
Laurence Fink: We are doing fantastic.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. So, we have a question on client rebalancing. So, from your recent conversations with investors, is there a general trend for how they are thinking about portfolio rebalancing? And I also want to hear how the ETF vehicle, which is still in flowing nicely fits into that dynamic?
Robert Kapito: So, Craig, it’s Rob here. As you know, so far, the volatility has disrupted all of the traditional portfolio allocations. It’s a rare moment when both equities and bonds have declined in value. So, the traditional 60-40 allocations are very out of balance and the hedge between stocks and bonds has certainly weakened. So, portfolio liquidity profiles have been impacted. And what I mean by that is many institutions have gone to their maximum in alternative or private equity allocations, hoping to fund that from the liquid portion, meaning the equity side and the bond side. And now with that liquid portion declining, they are short in the demands to draw down for private equity allocations, which are also probably declined this quarter. So, they are going to have to rebalance and they are going to have to get closer to their target allocations. And this means that there is a lot of money that’s going to be reallocated and clients are going to need a partner with the comprehensive capabilities that Larry was just discussing to rethink their target allocations and to rethink the models that they are using. And BlackRock today, I believe, is the only global asset manager that can meet those client demands in every reallocation scenario whether moving to fixed income, equity cash or private markets or indexed or active on a diversified platform that could reposition this portfolio. And what they are looking for is inflation protection. They are looking for solutions for a rising rate environment. They are looking for cash solutions. They are looking for more private equity and in some point, liquidity in private equity and they are looking for outsourcing partners because not only is this complex, but the operational cost and efficiencies play a very, very big role in that. Now during the last several years, keep in mind the market structure has changed. And it’s changed that reallocations are not being done in individual stocks and bonds, but they are being done in indexed and ETFs because they are cheaper, better, faster, and more liquids. And that plays exactly into the strategy that we have outlined. And that is one of the reasons why during this volatile period, we have seen inflows into the ETF and index markets. So, I hope that answers the question, and we are predicting that this volatility and this reallocation is only going to increase as rates continue to rise, we see volatility in equity markets and these portfolio reallocations have to occur.
Operator: We will now move to our next question, which will come from Brennan Hawken, UBS.
Laurence Fink: Good morning.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just curious, Gary, you indicated that you would be assessing the environment and being focused on managing the discretionary expense base. So, I am curious maybe to drill into that a little bit. Does that mean we should be rethinking the core G&A expense growth previously indicated? How should we think about that specifically when we are considering how to update a forecast for you? Thanks.
Gary Shedlin: Good morning Brandon. Thanks for the question. So, just looking at expenses in terms of where they came in for the quarter, as we mentioned, the operating expense year-over-year comparison was essentially flat. I think as expected, we saw Flex in our what I would call our more variable related expense or asset-related expense and incentive compensation. And when you look at what optically happened to the margin year-over-year, effectively all of that decline was associated with what I would call our historical discretionary investments, which are both in people, technology growth initiatives and a return to office. So, we talked about salary increases. We have been growing some headcount and trying to get our people back to the office. We are actually getting out to see clients more, so T&E is up. We are trying to ensure that we had an incredibly safe work environment for our employees. So, health and safety protocol costs are up and obviously higher tech costs, which are primarily tied to that – to the cloud migration for Aladdin that we have talked about. We have long had a philosophy of what I would call a growth and higher model. We are coming off effectively 2 years, but obviously, last year, in particular, our fastest growth rates ever and we are continuing to invest to support that embedded growth as well as the significant near-term opportunities that you have heard both from Larry and Rob on the call, especially in places like OCIO. But we are mindful of the current environment, and we are proactively managing the pace of what I would call certain of our discretionary investments. So, we just give you an idea of some of the things we are doing. We are delaying certain senior hires into next year. We are also trying to juniorize a number of other roles where appropriate. And while I would say these actions will not materially impact our 2022 results, I think they clearly position us well for next year should some of these market headwinds persist. Now, that’s not to say we are cutting back. Let me be very clear, I wouldn’t say that our estimated headcount growth for the year will be generally consistent with the earlier guidance we gave, but roughly 100% of that growth will be at the more junior levels of the organization and something like 40% or so of that growth will be in our iHub locations. We are also, as you mentioned, we are continuing to evaluate the pace of our core G&A spend. And while there is no material change to the plans we communicated in January, we would clearly expect the year-over-year increase to come in closer to the bottom end of that previously communicated 15% to 20% range in terms of core G&A. And I would just say, at the outset, we said this in a couple of our comments. We have invested for years to develop industry-leading franchises in a number of these growth areas. And I think this quarter is yet another example of how those investments are allowing us to deliver differentiated growth going forward. And I think that we have shown throughout our history that we are pretty pragmatic and agile and being able to both manage our expense, but also to continue executing on critical investments.
Operator: Your next question will come from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence Fink: Hey Dan.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up on just the fixed income commentary. You have talked a lot about iShares and some of the dynamics there, but obviously, active is a big portion of your business in the market and performance there has just come under some pressure. So, how are you thinking about allocations or kind of trends within the broader active fixed income product set for you guys?
Laurence Fink: Well, I would say the shape of the yield curve is going to play a big role in that. It is my view that we are going to continue to see Fed tightening. So, if the market expectations for another 75. First of all, that’s over a period – a short period of time, you would see money market rates funds providing about a 2% return. You are going to see money run into that. It’s going to be – you are paid to keep your money in the short end. I expect to see a further steepening of an inverted yield curve and where we are going to see short rates higher than the 10-year treasury. And I do believe funds like SIO readers industry-leading fund will continue to have industry-leading inflows. So, across the board, I think we are going to see, on the active side, quite a bit of opportunities. And then as I said in my prepared remarks related to fixed income ETFs, we will continue to drive more and more fixed income flows, whether that may be in a pathway way. But what I really do believe and what we have been saying now for the last 5 years, 6 years, 7 years was the utilization of fixed income for active investments and exposures. What we have already witnessed with the rise even in the 10-year area, we are seeing more and more insurance companies looking to put money to work especially in the credit side. So, we are going to continue to see more and more interest in private credit. Obviously, spreads have widened. There is some view that we are going to continue to see even further rising credit spreads. This presents huge opportunities for a lot of long liability insurance companies. And so in the institutional space, we are going to see money moving across the yield curve. Well, we are going to see movements both in and around from private to public. Rob, did you want to add anything from that point?
Robert Kapito: Yes, I do. I know that people that are long fixed income don’t like to see rising rates. However, with this environment, it’s actually going to be a good thing for many institutions who need fixed income in their portfolios to meet their long-term goals. So, we expect to see a lot of allocation and it’s not only going to go to fixed income ETFs. It’s going to go the top performing and diversified fixed income funds that have been consistently performing. So, what I would expect is that people that use large cap dividend paying stocks as a surrogate for fixed income during this period of very, very low rates, will now reverse that and be able to get some yield into that portfolio that they desperately need for the long-term. And I expect to see some flows out of what was called high yield and certainly high yield over the last couple of years wasn’t necessarily high yield. And I think there will be the demand for treasuries for U.S. investment grade, munis and tips and a lot of that is going to come through ETFs, but it will also come through individual bonds and issues that are being offered by companies going forward.
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Laurence Fink: Good morning Brian.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Hi. Good morning. I apologize I entered the call a little bit late, but just curious, just a couple of follow-ups. Rob, your commentary on the reallocation plan that was really in depth, thanks for that. Do you see the net result of that being higher fixed income allocations from pension plans over the long-term versus sort of intentional 60-40. I know that’s antiquated 60-40. And then longer term, I mean you talked about pension plans revisiting the private allocations as well. Naturally, they have hit their targets now. Do you see them raising their thresholds to alternatives?
Robert Kapito: So, I think it’s going to be hard until we assess where the marks came out on alternatives at the end of this quarter. But it’s hard for me to believe that they are going to be up. So, I think just because of the market movement, it’s going to be hard for them to enter into new private equity. And also, there is still a lot of powder dry in the private equity space. But I do think that it’s going to – the reallocations are going to drive more money into fixed income than ever before because the 60-40 mix is pretty simplistic. And within that fixed income space, there are many more flavors today that people have the opportunity to buy and some of those are going to provide some really good inflation protection and just overall good yield that they haven’t been able to get for a long time. So, I think the mix of that 40 is going to be different, and it’s going to ultimately be better for the long-term for our clients. And therefore, there will be more going into fixed income. And secondly, when you see the volatility of equities, there are people that are afraid of that. And they really don’t need it. So, that could also drive more money into fixed income now that it will have a yield.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining the call this morning and for your interest in the firm BlackRock. Our second quarter performance, as I said, is a direct result of our commitment in serving our clients, staying close to their needs, our commitment in serving them, focusing on their long-term needs. Hopefully, you could see why we are so excited, so excited about the opportunities ahead of us. Our differentiating strategy is producing industry-leading flows and our expectation of industry-leading flows in the future. So, everyone, please have a great summer, try to get rested up. We are going to have very exciting times the latter part of this New Year. So, everyone have an enjoyable quarter and stay safe.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Myra, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2022 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2022. Before I turn it over to Larry, I’ll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I’ll be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. As many of you know, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we updated our definitions of as adjusted operating income, operating margin, and net income to exclude the impact of intangible asset amortization, other acquisition-related costs, and contingent consideration fair value adjustments. We believe that excluding the impact of these expenses provides investors and management with a more useful understanding of our financial performance over time, while also increasing comparability with other asset management companies. BlackRock regularly reviews our disclosures with the goal of providing helpful information to our investors, and we may consider additional non-GAAP adjustments in the future. To provide consistent comparisons to historical results, we recast quarterly as-adjusted metrics to account for these changes for 2020 and 2021. This recast was posted on BlackRock’s Investor Relations website in late March and also has been included on Pages 12 and 13 of our earnings release, while year-over-year and sequential financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter results to these recast financials. BlackRock’s performance in the first quarter once again underscores the strength of our platform and our ability to serve clients in a variety of market conditions. We’ve invested for years to diversify our platform and to develop industry-leading franchises in ETFs, private markets, technology, active management, and sustainable investing. These successful multiyear investments have enabled us to deepen our solutions-oriented relationships with clients and have strengthened and diversified our organic revenue growth profile. BlackRock generated total net flows of $86 billion in the first quarter, representing 3% annualized organic asset growth with $114 billion of long-term net inflows, partially offset by $27 billion of generally seasonal cash management outflows. Quarterly long-term net inflows were positive across all asset classes, investment styles, and regions. Annualized organic base fee growth of 2% reflected the impact of two sizable institutional index mandates and strong flows into core equity ETFs during the quarter. First quarter revenue of $4.7 billion increased 7% year-over-year, while operating income of $1.8 billion rose 14%, reflecting the impact of approximately $185 million of closed-end fund launch costs in the first quarter of 2021. Earnings per share of $9.52 was up 18% compared to a year ago, also reflecting a lower effective tax rate and a lower diluted share count, partially offset by lower non-operating income in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter included $29 million of net investment losses, driven primarily by mark-to-market declines in the value of unhedged seed capital investments. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the quarter was approximately 17% and included $133 million of discrete tax benefits, including benefits related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in the first quarter of each year. We continue to estimate 24% as a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2022, though the actual effective tax rate may differ because of nonrecurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. First quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.8 billion was up 7% year-over-year, primarily driven by 8% organic base fee growth over the last 12 months. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was down 3%, reflecting in part the impact of a lower day count in the first quarter. On an equivalent day count basis, our effective fee rate was essentially flat compared to the fourth quarter as the negative impact of divergent equity beta was offset by lower discretionary money market fee waivers. We incurred approximately $75 million of gross discretionary yield support waivers in the first quarter. However, waivers for our flagship funds were essentially removed following rate hikes by the Bank of England and Federal Reserve in March. Recall that approximately 50% of gross fee waivers are generally shared with distributors, so the benefit to base fees is partially offset by higher distribution expense. Performance fees of $98 million decreased from a year ago, primarily reflected lower revenue from liquid alternative and long-only products, partially offset by higher fees from illiquid alternatives. Recent market volatility could result in reduced ability to earn performance fees from certain liquid alternative and long-only products during the remainder of 2022. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 11% from a year ago. Annual Contract Value, or ACV, increased 13% year-over-year and we remain confident in our ability to continue delivering low-to-mid-teens ACV growth as we see strong demand for Aladdin’s end-to-end cloud-based SaaS capabilities. Total expense increased 3% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher compensation expense. Recall that expense in the first quarter of 2021 included $185 million of closed-end fund launch costs, which are excluded when reporting our as-adjusted operating margin. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 7% year-over-year, reflecting higher base compensation, partially offset by lower incentive compensation, driven in part by the lower mark-to-market impact of certain deferred cash compensation programs. G&A expense was down 17% year-over-year, reflecting the previously mentioned closed-end fund launch costs in the first quarter of 2021. Excluding these costs, G&A expense increased 19% from a year ago due to ongoing strategic investments in technology, including the migration of Aladdin to the cloud along with increases in marketing and promotional expense, including higher T&E expense associated with our return-to-office strategy. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased 12%, primarily reflecting seasonally lower marketing and promotional expense and lower professional services and occupancy expense, partially offset by higher technology expense. Disclosure enhancements introduced this quarter include the addition of a separate G&A expense line item for sub-advisory expense, which historically was included within portfolio services expense. We hope this will provide more transparency into costs associated with the successful growth of our OCIO business, which are more than offset by associated base fees. As Larry will discuss in more detail, momentum in our OCIO business is accelerating as the trend towards outsourcing increases, and BlackRock is well positioned to capture this opportunity. Direct fund expense increased 3% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average index AUM. Sequentially, quarterly direct fund expense increased despite lower average index AUM due to higher rebates that seasonally occur in the fourth quarter. Our first quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 44.2% was down 160 basis points from a year ago, primarily reflecting the ongoing strategic investments we are making in technology and our people. As we stated in January, our business has never been better positioned to take advantage of the opportunities before us. We are increasingly seeing clients looking for ways to optimize portfolio returns at a lower cost by forging deeper relationships with fewer managers, including fully outsourced relationships. These trends favor global, comprehensive and scaled platforms like BlackRock’s as evidenced by several such wins over the recent quarters, and we see more opportunities ahead. As always, we remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. We have deep conviction in the stability of our diverse business model, which has demonstrated strong resilience in a variety of markets and our ability to proactively manage our cost structure. In the near term, we remain focused on the opportunity set ahead of us and are continuing to invest responsibly to support our growth and to drive our strategic initiatives. We continually focus on managing our entire discretionary expense base, and we will continue to be prudent in reevaluating our overall level of spend, if market conditions necessitate us doing so. Our capital management strategy remains, first, to invest in our business and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We continue to invest through prudent use of our balance sheet to best position BlackRock for continued success through seed and co-investments to support organic growth and through strategic investments to further accelerate our efforts. As Larry will discuss in more detail, earlier this week, we announced the minority investment in Circle, the operator of the market infrastructure for USDC, a dollar-based fully reserved stable coin and one of the fastest-growing digital assets with more than $52 billion in circulation. Circle’s technology currently enables the frictionless and real-time transfer of payments and is being explored for other applications across the financial ecosystem. We previously announced an 18% increase in our quarterly dividend to $4.88 per share of common stock and repurchased $500 million worth of common shares in the first quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $375 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year consistence with our previous guidance in January. As you’ll also hear from Larry, BlackRock relationships with our clients have never been stronger, and they continue to turn to BlackRock to help them meet their long-term investment needs. BlackRock’s first quarter and total net inflows of $86 billion were positive across client, channels and regions highlighting the breadth of our platform. ETFs generated net inflows of $56 billion, representing 7% annualized organic asset and 4% annualized organic base fee growth. Results once again highlight the unique diversity of our ETF product segments, supported by particularly strong equity, sustainable and commodity ETFs. The diversity of our ETF franchise enables us to generate durable, industry-leading organic revenue growth in varying macroeconomic environments. For example, as inflation expectations persisted, investors turn to our commodity ETFs, where we are now the clear category leader, and as Larry will highlight, our bond ETFs gathered net inflows in one of the most challenging quarters for fixed income in recent history. Retail net inflows of $10 billion were positive in both the U.S. and internationally and reflected strength in equities, liquid alternatives and active multi-asset funds. BlackRock’s institutional franchise generated $47 billion of net inflows as our global scale, investment expertise and world-class technology and risk management enable us to increasingly serve as the partner of choice for institutional clients. BlackRock’s institutional active franchise generated $16 billion of net inflows, led by continued growth into our LifePath target date, alternatives and systematic active equity offerings. Institutional index net inflows of $31 billion included approximately $70 billion from two large institutional clients with whom we have deep relationships, spanning multiple investment strategies. Demand for alternatives also continued, with $6 billion of net inflows into illiquid and liquid alternative strategies during the quarter driven by private credit, infrastructure and liquid alternative offerings. Fundraising momentum remains strong, and we have approximately $36 billion of committed capital to deploy for clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. Our $330 billion alternatives and liquid credit platform has gained significant momentum over recent years. And to provide increased visibility, starting this quarter, we’re including additional detail in our earnings supplement on AUM and committed capital managed by our alternatives team. Overall, BlackRock generated approximately $20 billion of active net inflows during the quarter and has now generated positive active flows in all but one quarter since the beginning of 2019. Finally, BlackRock’s cash management platform saw net outflows of $27 billion, driven by redemptions from offshore prime and U.S. government money market funds, in line with the broader money market fund industry. BlackRock has steadily grown our share of the cash management industry by leveraging our scale and delivering innovative distribution and risk management solutions for clients. We are an existing manager of the cash reserves that underpin USDC, and we look forward to partnering with Circle to expand that relationship and become their primary manager in the future. In summary, our first quarter results once again highlight the benefits of the investments we’ve made in high-growth areas to diversify and strengthen our platform. Many of the areas in which we are generating strong growth today, such as alternatives and ESG, were not significant contributors just a few years ago. As a result, we are better able to deliver resilient organic growth and develop deeper client relationships today, than at any point in BlackRock’s history. Our commitment remains to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible, and we will do so responsibly to meet the needs of all stakeholders. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Gary, and good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining the call. As I wrote to shareholders last month, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has created a humanitarian tragedy and is impacting not only geopolitics, but also the global economies. It’s going to fundamentally alter the path of globalization that we’ve seen over the past 30 years. The flow of goods and people across borders will still be critical to economic growth and new technologies will continue to shrink geographic distances, but countries and companies are reevaluating their interdependencies in a way that we have not seen since the end of the Cold War. As a fiduciary, BlackRock is working to understand how these structural changes will impact our client portfolios, and we will help them pursue their long-term financial goals. The breadth and scale of BlackRock’s platform enables us to serve clients in all market environments. We invested over many years to build a comprehensive investment platform, industry-leading technology and a global footprint with local expertise. By evolving ahead of the needs of our clients, we have grown as a trusted partner to all our clients. We constantly work to provide our clients with that type of insight, but close connectivity becomes even more important during periods of market volatility and uncertainty. Over the last two months, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, BlackRock held over 200 client engagements and hosted market update calls attended by more than 4,600 clients. I also recently visited clients in Japan and the Middle East and here in the United States, many of whom are trying to understand how geopolitical and macroeconomic shifts might impact their investment outcomes. I remember the same heightened level of connectivity with our clients during the initial weeks of the pandemic in spring 2020. I believe our relationships with clients have never been stronger. Our clients appreciate our voice and our consistent advocacy for long-term investing on their behalf. Our first quarter’s result demonstrates these strengths. BlackRock generated $114 billion in net long-term inflows in the first quarter, demonstrating the breadth of our asset management platform and positive flows across all product types all investment styles in all regions. Organic growth in the quarter included two significant client mandates, reflecting our ability to deepen partnerships and build a comprehensive relationship with clients globally. We also saw a 13% ACV growth in technology services as more clients recognize the benefits of Aladdin. I’m incredibly excited about the opportunities ahead of us, and we will continue to invest for the future. Throughout our 23-year history as a public company, we have demonstrated that we are intentional about our investment spend and focused on our margins. I have found that often, in times of market uncertainty, that is the greatest opportunity that we could find. BlackRock’s breadth and resilience enables us to play offense when others may be pulling back. Our agility in responding to opportunities and continued investments across market cycles have driven our industry-leading growth, our consistent growth and generated value for our shareholders. Our investments are closely aligned with our strategy to keep alpha at the heart of BlackRock, accelerated growth in iShares, in private markets and Aladdin to deliver a whole portfolio advice and solutions to our clients and be the global leader in sustainable investing. Our clients are trying to understand the implications of the rapidly changing investment environment. The Russian invasion of Ukraine marks a profound geopoliticalship that is accelerating a reassessment of global supply chains. It also creates a supply shock in commodities that is further increasing inflation. Even before the war, inflation was already top of mind for many investors as the effect of the pandemic, including the shift in consumer demand from services to capital goods, labor shortages and supply chain bottlenecks, broad inflation in the United States, in Canada and the United Kingdom, across European Union to the highest level in decades. Central Banks are in a difficult position as we look to carefully raise rates to contain inflation without harming economic activity and employment. They may eventually have to live with a supply-driven inflation rather than take policy rates above neutral levels. However, they may be forced to be more aggressive policy stance of inflation expectations become unchartered. Bond markets have been quick to price in the Fed’s rate projections and saw one of the worst quarters on record for the US bond market. The market was down or the US aggregate index was down more than 5%. Equity markets, on the other hand, has shown some resilience. Following significant market volatility in the first quarter, US and European broad market indexes regained some of their losses and ended down the quarter around 5% and 6%, respectively. As always, BlackRock remains guided by our clients’ needs, and we constantly evolve so we could be better serving them. Clients increasingly want to work with fewer partners who could provide more, and BlackRock is uniquely positioned to capture opportunities as clients consolidate their investment providers. We have the investment expertise. We have the operational excellence and the technology capabilities work with clients of all types and sizes, and we are well positioned to help them meet their objectives and to serve all of their own stakeholders. The global insurance industry, for example, is undergoing significant transformation as insurers optimize their operating model and leverage outsourced investment management solutions. We have built a leading insurance platform compromising fixed income investment specialists, insurance advisory expertise and added analytical capabilities to deliver the best of BlackRock to our insurance clients. We are also seeing the results of these investments through deeper relationships with all our clients, and significant opportunities are in front of us today. Last month, we announced the significant assignment with AIG, spanning asset management and Aladdin. BlackRock will manage up to $150 billion of AIG and its life and retirement company’s investment portfolio. This is another great example of one BlackRock effort, to bring together our platform, to serve our clients in a way that no other asset manager can do. All of us here at BlackRock take a deep responsibility in managing every dollar for every client who awards us money. From institutions entrusting us with their whole portfolios to that individual investor using one of our ETFs in their first investment account. In the first quarter, we once again saw investors using ETFs to quickly allocate capital and the managed risk during periods of volatility. In the US, iShares’ secondary trading volumes were up nearly 40% compared to 2021 levels providing clients worldwide with the liquidity they needed in volatile markets. We generated $56 billion of ETF net inflows in the first quarter with growth coming from each of our major product categories, including core strategic and precision ETFs. In fixed income ETFs, we generated $8 billion in net inflows for the quarter. Similar to equity ETFs, we are seeing more investors adopt and use fixed income ETFs to gain market exposure and for tactical positioning within their fixed income exposures. We saw demand for treasury, short duration, inflation-linked, sustainable munis and broad-based market exposures would more than offset risk-off sentiments in areas like high yield and emerging markets. Our growth in fixed income ETFs highlight the diversity of our fixed income ETF product range and our ability to deliver the market qualities clients expect in stressed markets. The liquidity, the transparency and lower transaction costs of fixed income ETFs present a more efficient way for investors to access the entire bond market. We believe that our fixed income ETFs will benefit from more long-term secular tailwinds that play a significant role in the modernization of the $100 trillion bond market. BlackRock generated $20 billion of active net inflows across our active equities, multi-asset and alternative strategies. Investment performance remains strong over the long-term, positioning us well for future growth with 86% and 81% of our taxable fixed and fundamental active equities above benchmark or peer medium for the three-year, respectively, and for the five-year period. 90% of our taxable fixed income, 83% of our fundamental active equity AUM is above benchmark or peer medium. In the U.S., 75% of our active mutual funds are in a Morningstar four or five rated fund, and we continue to generate growth and capture market share across the U.S. active mutual fund franchise in the first quarter. In alternatives, $6 billion of net inflows across liquid and illiquid strategies led by private credit and infrastructure. And we’re continuing to steadily deploy assets on behalf of our clients, including another $5 billion in the first quarter. Deployment activity was led by our climate finance partnership strategy that we announced last year, which seeks to accelerate the flow of capital into climate-related investments in the emerging markets. One of the biggest opportunities in alternatives in the years ahead will be the intersection of infrastructure and sustainability. In response to the energy shocks caused by the war in Ukraine, many countries around the world are reevaluating their energy dependencies and are looking for new sources of energy. This may mean increasing production of traditional energy sources in the near term. But I believe recent events will accelerate the shift towards greener sources of energy in many parts of the world over the long-term, and we will see a tremendous changes in the energy transition. This presents a significant long-term opportunity for investments in infrastructure, renewable, clean tech on behalf of our clients. BlackRock has one of the largest renewable power platforms in the industry, managing over $8 billion of assets and client commitments. And we are expanding our transition-focused investment strategies. BlackRock is committed to be helping clients navigate this energy transition. We are working with energy companies throughout the world, who are essential in meeting society’s energy needs. It will play a critical role in any successful transition. To ensure the continuity of affordable energy prices during the transition, fossil fuels like natural gas will be important as a transition fuel. BlackRock is also investing on behalf of our clients in natural gas pipelines. For example, in the Middle East, we invested in one of the largest pipelines for natural gas, which will help the region utilize less oil for power production. These investments are a great example of helping countries go from dark brown to lighter brown as a substitute oil with a cleaner base fuel like natural gas. Client demand for sustainable investments, more broadly also continue to be strong. We saw a $19 billion of long-term net inflows into both our active and index sustainable strategies in the first quarter. Our ability to partner with clients across the whole portfolio and quickly adapt to rapidly shifting market environments continues to drive demand for Aladdin’s integrated end-to-end technology platform. BlackRock remains focused on investing in Aladdin to support its areas, such as chapters of growth, and extending its capabilities into areas like whole portfolio, private markets, wealth and sustainable investment solutions. We see the value proposition of Aladdin deeply resonating with clients, and we generated a 13% technological service ACV growth over -- year-over-year. Clients are increasingly combining Aladdin with our newer offerings such as eFront or Aladdin accounting, highlighting the benefits of our continuous innovations and investments to stay ahead of our clients’ needs. Our Aladdin client relationships are long term in nature, and we will have historically seen industry-leading contract renewable rates. The recent market environment has also reinforced the need for offerings like Aladdin Wealth. Usage of Aladdin Wealth by financial advisers at our clients has increased by more than 40% during the first quarter as financial advisers look to assess portfolio risk, to assess market exposures across every one of their clients across their entire business. We have over two dozen global client -- Aladdin Wealth clients and expect further growth to come from expansion into different wealth segments and in markets around the world. We are increasingly interest -- seeing interest from our clients that BlackRock is also studying digital assets and their associated ecosystem, including crypto assets, stable coin, tokenization and permission blockchains, where we see a potential to benefit our clients and capital markets more broadly. Earlier this week, we announced that BlackRock made a minority investment in Circle, a global Internet payment firm and the sole issuer of USD coin, a dollar-based fully reserved stablecoin, which is one of the fastest-growing digital assets in the world. BlackRock is already the manager of USDC cash reserves, and we look forward to begin expanding our relationship to become the primary manager of the cash reserves. Over the past year that we have worked with Circle, we have been so impressed with their mission, their management team, their technology and their thoughtful approach to growth. BlackRock has always led by listening to our clients, by anticipating and embracing change and investing in ahead of their future needs. Let me say again, we are very honored by the deep trust our clients place in us. My recent meetings with our clients around the world have only strengthened my conviction in the opportunities that BlackRock has in front of us. I believe we have never been better positioned for our future. As always, I’m incredibly proud of our employees who live our principles, who are staying true to our purpose and are focusing on the long-term needs of our shareholders, the long-term needs of our clients, the needs of our colleagues and the needs and long-term issues that are impacting the communities where we work every day. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey. Good morning, Larry. Hope, you and the team are doing well.
Laurence Fink: We are healthy and safe. Thank you. I hope you too are feeling too.
Craig Siegenthaler: That’s great. Larry, my first question is on fixed income demand and the inflationary backdrop. And we know there is some reaction to lower bond prices in the quarter, but iShares bond ETF flows are still positive. But given your wide product breadth in fixed income, and I’m thinking about unconstrained SIO, I wanted your perspective on future client demand trends in fixed income just given the likely fast ramp in Fed funds over the next 12 months, although we’re probably likely going to see a flatter year growth, too.
Laurence Fink: Well, as I’ve been saying, I think we’re going to have an inverted yield curve for some time, but let me get into the specifics of your question. Obviously, fixed income is a broad universe of different products, different maturities or durations. During market volatility, like we’ve witnessed, you would see outflows from retail as they move into different products, maybe in the cash, maybe in the equities. But if anything, in fixed income institutionally, you see it very stable. And if we have rising 10-year and 30-year rates , you’re going to see a huge movement in defeasing of pension fund liabilities, which is going to create a huge demand. That is why I believe we’re going to have an inverted yield curve, which I’ve been talking about for quarters. But tactically, investors can move out of longer durations to lower duration or shorter duration. Obviously, if cash and money market funds begin yielding 2%, 2.5%, you’ll see movement away from maybe longer-dated funds into shorter-dated funds. So let’s be clear, movement within fixed income is quite large. As I talked about, 40%, greater turnover in our fixed income ETFs, some of that is repositioning across a portfolio, and that’s what we’re witnessing. And I think that just highlights the resiliency of fixed income ETFs that is able to really help investors worldwide with that type of liquidity. But I think clients around the world are going to be navigating this. You mentioned SIO. SIO, obviously, with an unconstrained duration, depending on the investors’ wishes and how they think they should be positioned, is a great example of innovation within fixed income that investors can now give our investment team, under Rick Rieder in this case, the ability to navigate around that duration. They’re not stuck to the duration of the aggregate index. And I believe that’s -- we did see flows there. We’re going to continue to see real opportunities unconstrained. This is why we’ve developed SIO. So I think across the board, you’re seeing portfolios are being navigated around fixed income, but we basically broadly saw clients are reevaluating where they should be across the yield curve. We continue to see broad-based demand from municipals in this country. And so across the board, we’re not seeing any real panic at all in the fixed income market, despite the worst performance in fixed income in 30-plus years in one quarter. So, I would say rising rates is an opportunity, not a problem. I would tell you clearly that this is where the conversation and deep partnership is really helping us with our clients and helping them navigate how should they think about duration, and how should they think about inflation, how can they -- can they create a return that’s above long-term inflation rates. So, these are all the issues that we are in dialog with. But I think we’re very well positioned for working with our clients on a rising rate environment. And let me open it up to Rob to give you a little more tactical information.
Robert Kapito: Yeah. So just to follow-up on Larry’s comments, we typically are helping clients assess their duration and maturity risk, especially in their core bond portfolios. And we help them rotate within fixed income depending upon what they’re seeking protection from, which could be rising rates in different parts of the curve. And that is why we saw $1.5 billion of net inflows into SIO and FIGO, as Larry described, that are less constrained. But more importantly, we see this in the ETF market, because it’s the ability for people to gain market exposure and tactical positioning very quickly within fixed income. A lot of times, you have to accumulate the positions over a period of time. It’s much faster, quicker diversified if you do that through ETF fixed income. So we’re seeing flows across the board. The performance has been good, but certainly clients are concerned how do we position in a rising rate environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning.
Laurence Fink: Hi Dan.
Dan Fannon: I was hoping you could talk about the outsourced CIO opportunity. You guys have had several large wins. Maybe discuss the dialog that you’re having with prospective clients and how you see, I don’t know the size or opportunity of that over time?
Laurence Fink: So, we are having dialog with pension funds worldwide on this, with insurance companies worldwide. Because of comprehensiveness of our investment platform, because of Aladdin, we provide a unique position with all these companies in terms of outsourcing whether it’s part of a general kind of an insurance company or the entire pension fund. We announced last year what’s our big win with British share in the UK. We’re having many conversations right now with other pension funds. We’re looking to see what -- how BlackRock can help them achieve their long-term goals and aspirations. We’re working with many insurance companies and see can we provide them with better support, better investment opportunities, and they can leverage our team with maybe their existing team and manage a part of their portfolios together. So, the conversations are probably more robust. There’s probably more opportunities across pension funds, and insurance comes at any time in our history, and we look at we’re as well-positioned as any firm in the world on it. Rob, do you have anything more to say on that?
Robert Kapito: Yes. I think the business of managing money has gotten very complicated, very expensive. Firms have not invested in the technology that they need, and the scale and size of what we can do can help them get better investment performance at a better price and certainly sourcing with the scale and size the BlackRock has can help them. So we actually can go in, have a dialogue, work together with the company and the people that they have there. And do it faster, better, cheaper and handle the operations and technology as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate the disclosure this quarter as well. Maybe a question for Gary. On one hand, I sort of heard you talk a little bit about we were willing to reevaluate the expense growth guide given the market backdrop, but I also heard sort of a high level of commitment to spending. So in that light, can you triangulate between prior guidance in terms of year-on-year expense growth, particularly for G&A and the run rate pacing for first quarter? And then was there anything unusual in the comp this quarter that would suggest some upward bias into the second quarter? Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. So I think your question is about spend for the year, and then I’ll come back to your more detailed questions on G&A and comp. I think just echoing on what both Larry and Rob said, we’ve obviously invested for years to focus on developing industry-leading franchises in many high-growth areas that we’re doing incredibly well in. And I think as we talked about back in January, last year, we grew organically at our fastest rate ever, and we continue to expand that growth premium relative to the industry, and we were able to increase our margin. And I think, importantly, as I mentioned in my remarks, many of the areas in which we’re generating strong organic growth today, whether it’s alternatives, traditional active, ESG, were simply not significant contributors to our business just a few years ago, and we continue to see very significant opportunity. Again, as Larry and Rob just talked about, particularly as clients are optimizing their operating models, they’re looking for these deeper relationships with fewer managers, and we’ve talked about a number of those wins. So our overall goal here has not changed. We remain committed to optimizing that organic growth in the most efficient way we can. And I think as we’ve done in the past, we’ve shown in the past, we have deep conviction in the stability of our model and our ability to manage our cost structure. And we’ve done that throughout our history, whether it was in 2016 or 2018, both years where we increased our margin. We’ve been agile, but we’ve also continued to invest. And I think we are very focused for the near term on continuing to support that growth at both historically and future. And in that regard, we have made no major change to our discretionary spending plans that we laid out to you in January. But as we said, we will be prudent in reevaluating that level of spend if market conditions suggest that we do so. As it relates to comp, I don’t think there’s anything there. Obviously, there is, which is in the overall -- environment. There was some benefit attributed to mark-to-market on deferred cash comp. But if beta doesn’t go down, and we don’t get that benefit. In some respects, those are correlated. And in terms of G&A, I would just say that, as a copy out to what I just said, which is that we’ve made no major changes, we tend to spend a little slower in the first quarter than we do towards the rest of the year as it relates to our G&A spend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Mike
Michael Cyprys: Thanks for taking the question. Hi, good morning, Larry, Gary. We’ve seen a lot of money flow into the private markets over the past couple of years and a very low interest rate backdrop. And now that interest rates are rising, a lot of concerns around inflation and where the end game may be in rates. I guess how do you think about that will impact client demand for private assets? Are there certain parts of the private markets that you think will hold up better and see better growth? And how is this evolving -- how are these evolving trends influencing your strategy within the private market space? And where do you see the biggest opportunity for BlackRock?
Robert Kapito: Huge demand, Mike, from -- for private credit and loans. Those are the two areas. And as you know, a couple of years ago, we did an acquisition in the loan area because the performance of that product has been great during various cycles. And these are good mom-and-pop type companies that don’t have access necessarily to the public markets, and it’s very expensive. And due diligence is required, so you have to have the team to do that. But certainly, in the private markets, both in credit and in loans, we’re seeing increased demands. And I think that’s also a function of rates because they give you much more of a cushion for rising rates than the more obvious liquid credit products. There’s also a huge demand for real assets, and that has been an area of growth for us, as you know. And a lot of people are using that for an inflation hedge. So the textbook says when you see inflation, you sell growth, you buy value, you buy tips and you buy real estate. And all of those, including infrastructure, make for good investments. So we’re pretty well positioned. You know that we take a multi-asset approach to build portfolios that are going to be resilient. That’s what people are expecting for us. And that is why you see the unconstrained bond funds get money. And as I mentioned before, $1.5 billion into SIO and FIGO, equities, inflows into equities. And our dividend growth offerings can also be tools to help thread the needle between generating income and growth that could potentially outrun inflation. And traditionally, real assets like commodities, infrastructure, real estate will insulate a portfolio against higher inflation. So we’ve seen some clients tactically allocate to commodities. And in that area, we had about $7 billion of net inflows.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add one more point. As I said in my prepared remarks, the interconnectivity between sustainable investing and infrastructure is going to be enormous, whether it is a pipeline in Saudi Arabia, or a pipeline from Texas to Mexico, or investing in the sequestration of hydrocarbons and H2O in the Midwest of the United States. The building out of new renewable platforms of charging stations. Across the board, the conversations we’re having with new innovative companies in technology and the robustness of our conversations with the largest energy companies in the world, our connectivity in this space has never been greater. And I would say with high confidence and high conviction, the opportunities to place a lot of money in very unique investment opportunities in this interconnectivity, sustainability and infrastructure is going to be large and it’s going to be multiple years of investing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning folks.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just to tag on to the last part of that question to expand that and sort of put that into another question. So the -- obviously, the increasing demand for energy transition that you’ve alluded to on several conference calls now, I guess, first of all, do you see the geopolitical situation accelerating that trend on a more permanent basis, even if things do ease up? And then looping that in with the products that you’re able to come out with, which do tend to have higher fee rates in the alternatives area, if you can comment on just the confidence of continuing to generate faster organic base fee growth versus AUM, putting aside, of course, these lumpy mandates that can really influence that?
Laurence Fink: As I said, we’re in large dialogues with the traditional hydrocarbon companies, energy companies. We’ve had numerous conversations with the leaders of every energy company in the world about how they’re moving forward. I think the geopolitical issues, as you framed the question, is going to spur a huge amount of investing, huge amount of investing in the exploration and development more oil, but at the same time, elevated energy prices is going to accelerate decarbonization technology. And I think what you’re seeing, whether it’s the $1 trillion investment in infrastructure that the United States voted for last year and now the real commitment out of Europe to build LNG plants to have less dependency on one supply chain Russian gas, I believe in our conversations, even at country levels are very large and how can they create multiple supply chains for energy. And that is a combination of decarbonization technology and a combination of insurances, of having energy to meet the needs of society. So all of this is going to be -- it’s just a long-term project. It’s not going to be a straight line as my lenders wrote about. Any energy transition has to be fair and just or it doesn’t work. We are witnessing that now, the supply shocks and now excess demand and so all of this is playing out that it’s going to create an investment boom, the combination of fiscal spending on the US part, the European part. We had -- as in every country, we have conversations about decarbonization or the utilization of hydrogen. I was in Japan last week, a lot of conversations on hydrogen and what role can that play in Japan. Two trips to the Middle East, more conversations about -- as they move with a lot of sun and solar moving more towards more renewables, the movement away from oil as they utilize a lot of oil for power production in Saudi Arabia to move to gas, so moving from dark brown light brown. All of this is just going to stimulate a lot of excess demand for product and supply of product. And I would have said, for the last few years, a bigger issue is supply of product, not demand. Then I do believe the supply quotient over the next few years is going to be larger which just means more and more opportunities. And we are -- in our forecast for new growth in these areas, we’re forecasting the build-out of three large infrastructure funds to meet these needs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just had a question on ESG and maybe what you’re hearing. There’s been an emerging debate amongst investors around some of the lagging performance in ESG. We’ve seen commodities strengthen. A lot of your comments around commodity strength certainly would point to some support behind some of those commodities producers. Are you hearing any shift in dialogue early on around that component and that may be a consideration of making some shifts in defining energy as rigidly as they have in the past? And are you seeing any early signs of demand shifting in that product, albeit clearly a secular shift? But maybe we see some cyclical weakness in the near term here. Any color would be appreciated. Thank you.
Laurence Fink: Well, first of all, great question, very timely, especially with the rising energy prices and all the issues of supply shocks in hydrocarbons. In all my letters, I said an energy transition is not a straight line. It’s a 30 to 50-year time frame for us to move that forward. It’s not today. It’s not tomorrow. And the key is making sure that we have energy transition that fills the needs of all societies, and higher energy prices really crushes emerging markets and harms -- the poor in every country that is dependent, a higher percentage of their disposable income that goes to energy. And obviously, you couple that with food inflation, it has a severe impact. Does that change the long-term nature of ESG or as I think you’re framing it more or on the sustainability side? Not really, because we’re going to -- we always said we’re going to have to invest in new technologies to bring down that green premium. Well, the green premium obviously is reduced with higher energy cost today, but we still have that green premium in a lot of the technologies. A lot of this is just going to take quite a bit of flow at the time. But if you just look at the evidence of our first quarter, we had about $19 billion of sustainable flows. Obviously, that’s down from prior quarters but certainly up from two years ago. Much of it was an active strategy. So as I talked about, what we’re trying to do in the alternatives space, $8 billion was in ETFs. So, I’m not going to respond to any one quarter valuation. Of course, in quarters where you have rising energy prices, energy companies, and we would -- they’ve done fantastically well as they should be. They were cheap, they were undervalued. They were trading below book in many cases and how the market has come to appreciate much of that. As you know, also, I’ve always said, I don’t believe in divestiture. BlackRock has over $180 billion in investments in this. So we are working with all the companies about how to move forward. And so in terms of a one quarter return on one product versus another, let me be clear, most investors are not doing this for a quarter or even a year. These are long-term views on the movement towards more of a decarbonization future of the world, and that doesn’t change anything now. We have rising energy prices from energy shocks. It’s very harmful for society, and governments are responding. In Europe, you’re seeing many governments putting caps on energy prices, because it really harms their populate. So, this is a really complex difficult issue, but I don’t think it changes anything in the long-term. And let me be clear, BlackRock is the largest investor for pension funds and retirements than anyone. We have a long-term responsibility in making sure over the long run, that our beneficiaries to achieve their long-term aspirations and goals. And so, there’s no question this energy transition is real. But it’s going to be not a straight line.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. Once again, I want to thank everybody for your continued interest in BlackRock. I strongly believe our first quarter performance is a direct results of our commitment and our deep commitment to our clients, as I said just a minute ago, and our desire investing for them over the long-term ahead of their needs. We see tremendous opportunities ahead of us, and BlackRock has focused to be remaining and working with all our people, working with all the communities where we operate and working in a comprehensive way as we try to stay in front of the clients’ needs. If we continue to stay in front of the clients’ needs, if we continue to be a voice of long-term investors, I believe we will continue to deliver those durable returns that all of you, our shareholders, expect from us, and that is our commitment to you. Everyone, have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jerome and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Chris Meade: Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock [Technical Difficulty] which was some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and Happy New Year to everyone. I hope everyone and their families are remaining safe and healthy. It’s my pleasure to present results for the fourth quarter and full year 2021. Before I turn it over to Larry, I will review our financial performance and business results, while our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results. As always, I will be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. Throughout BlackRock’s history, we have consistently and systematically invested in our business with a long-term focus and commitment to serving clients, employees, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate. As a result of these long-term investments in 2021, we grew organically at our fastest rate ever and continued to expand our organic growth premium versus the industry even as our assets under management reached new highs. We have continually invested to develop industry leading franchises in ETFs, private markets, technology, our active investment platform, and more recently in ESG and in China. These investments all reflect a singular focus on helping clients construct resilient whole portfolios and they are driving the record levels of growth we are seeing today. BlackRock generated net inflows of $540 billion in 2021, representing 6% organic asset growth and 11% organic base fee growth. Each of our strategic priority areas drove significant growth during the year. Importantly, despite fourth quarter volatility, we finished the year with strong momentum, generating $212 billion of total net inflows, reflecting annualized organic base fee growth of 9%. Continued strong flows from our entire active franchise along with record iShares flows, which benefited from typical year end rebalancing and tax management contributed to the fourth quarter’s robust organic growth. We continued to build out our platform in 2021 as the strength and stability of our operating model allowed us to aggressively reinvest in our business, deliver record financial results, and returned approximately $3.7 billion of capital to shareholders. Full year revenue of $19.4 billion was up 20%. Operating income of $7.5 billion rose 19%, and earnings per share of $39.18 was up 16% versus 2020. For the fourth quarter, BlackRock generated revenue of $5.1 billion and operating income of $2.1 billion, up 14% and 11% respectively from a year ago. Quarterly earnings per share of $10.42, was up 2% versus a year ago, reflecting a higher effective tax rate and lower non-operating income in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter included $86 million of net investment income, driven primarily by mark-to-market gains in our private equity total investment portfolio. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 25%, driven in part by discrete items. We currently estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax rate for 2022, though the actual effective tax rate may differ because of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Fourth quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $4 billion was up 17% year-over-year, primarily driven by 11% organic base fee growth and the positive impact of market data on average AUM, partially offset by higher discretionary money market fee waivers versus a year ago and strategic pricing investments over the last year. Sequentially, fourth quarter base fee and securities lending revenue was up approximately 1%. Our fourth quarter annualized effective fee rate decreased by 0.2 basis points from the third quarter as the continued positive impact of strong organic base fee growth was more than offset by the negative impact of divergent equity beta, which accelerated into quarter end and lower securities lending revenue in the current quarter. We incurred approximately $135 million of gross discretionary yield support waivers in the fourth quarter, essentially the same as the third quarter bringing total waivers to approximately $500 million for the full year. Given the current prospects for higher rates in the near term, we now anticipate most of these waivers would cease shortly after the first 25 basis point increase in the Fed Funds rate, resulting in a one-half basis point increase to our annualized effective fee rate. Recall that approximately 50% of these gross fee waivers are generally shared with distributors, reducing the impact on operating income. For the year, we generated record performance fees of $1.1 billion, which were increasingly diversified compared to a year ago and reflected strong alpha generation across our platform. Notably, since a year ago, performance fees from liquid alternatives have increased more than 150% and our unrecognized deferred carry balance has more than doubled to over $1.4 billion as our private markets platform continues to scale. Quarterly technology services revenue was up 11% year-over-year, and full year revenue of $1.3 billion increased 12%. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 13% year-over-year, and we remain confident in our ability to continue delivering low to mid-teens ACV growth as demand for Aladdin’s end-to-end, cloud-based SaaS solution is stronger than ever. We are heavily investing to scale Aladdin for its next leg of growth in order to extend our capabilities in high demand areas such as the whole portfolio, private markets, wealth, and sustainability. Total expense increased 20% in 2021, driven primarily by higher compensation, G&A, and direct fund expense. For the full year, compensation expense increased 20%, reflecting higher base salaries and higher incentive compensation driven by growth in operating income and higher deferred compensation expense. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we determine final full year compensation in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter G&A expense increased 15% year-over-year, reflecting higher marketing and promotional expense, which included higher T&D expense, higher occupancy expense partially driven by higher COVID testing costs and higher portfolio services and technology expense. For the full year, excluding approximately $350 million of non-core G&A expense, which included $274 million of aggregate fund launch costs, core G&A expense was up 15% compared to 2020. Recall that we exclude the impact of fund launch costs when reporting our as-adjusted operating margin. The year-over-year increase in core G&A was largely attributable to technology, data, and portfolio services expense, all of which drive revenue growth. Increased technology and data spend was driven by our Aladdin cloud migration, market data investments to support our index and ESG franchises, and broader tech spend to support productivity improvements. Approximately two-thirds of the increase in our 2021 portfolio services expense related to sub-advisory cost associated with significant OCIO wins and are offset by associated base fees. 2021 direct fund expense increased 24% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average index AUM. Sequentially, quarterly direct fund expense declined despite higher average index AUM due to higher rebates that seasonally occur in the fourth quarter. Finally, full year intangible amortization expense increased $41 million year-over-year due to our Aperio acquisition, which closed in February 2021. Our full year as-adjusted operating margin of 45.2% was up 30 basis points versus 2020. Our business has never been positioned to take advantage of the opportunities before us and we remain deeply committed to investing responsibly and aggressively through market cycles, so we can continue to generate differentiated organic growth over the long-term. Consistent with this growth ambition, we are once again targeting record investment in our people, strategic priorities and platform infrastructure during 2022. At present, we would expect headcount to increase by as much as 10% with a continued focus on optimizing our talent pyramid for more junior roles and growing our footprint and iHub innovation centers. We would also expect core G&A to increase by 15% to 20% as we continue to invest in technology to scale our operations and support future growth, including completing Aladdin’s cloud migration, delivering new Aladdin capabilities and continuing to open the platform to promote client innovation. We are also investing through prudent use of our balance sheet to best position BlackRock for continued success. During 2021, we allocated $1.5 billion of new seed and co-investment capital to support our growth and our year end portfolio now approximates $3.7 billion. Our strategic minority investments are reinforcing various elements of our strategy and simultaneously generating very attractive returns for our shareholders. And we continue to invest inorganically when we see opportunities to accelerate our organic growth in key strategic growth areas, as we did through our acquisitions of the physical climate and transition risk models of Rhodium and Baringa, which will be critical to building best-in-class ESG capabilities within Aladdin. We also remain committed to systematically returning excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases and returned an aggregate $3.7 billion to shareholders in 2021. Since inception of our current capital management strategy in 2013, we have now repurchased over $11 billion of BlackRock’s stock, reducing our outstanding total shares by 11% and generating an unlevered compound annual return of 20% for our shareholders. At present, based on capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we are targeting the repurchase of $1.5 billion of shares during 2022. In addition, our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $4.88 per share, representing an increase of 18% over the current level. Finally, in early December, we completed the debt issuance to take advantage of current low interest rates and pre-refinance our $750 million 3 and 3/8 notes to June 2022. We successfully raised $1 billion of new 10-year notes with a 2.1% coupon, the second lowest U.S. dollar coupon in BlackRock’s debt stack. As you will hear more from Larry, BlackRock’s strategy has always been guided by our clients’ needs. We relentlessly focused on helping them meet their financial objectives and our deeper and broader relationships with more clients are driving growth across our entire platform. Fourth quarter total net inflows of $212 billion, representing 9% annualized organic AUM and base fee growth, were led by flows into ETFs and our top performing active franchise. Record full year net inflows of $540 billion were positive across all client types, investment styles and regions and reflected records for both ETFs and active strategies. ETFs generated $306 billion of net inflows in 2021, representing 11% organic asset growth and 9% organic base fee growth. Record fourth quarter ETF flows of $104 billion reflected some seasonality, but also reflected the diversity of our product and client segments and accelerating secular shifts occurring in the market. We saw continued strength in core, but our strategic product segments, particularly sustainable and fixed income were the largest contributors to our fourth quarter flows. Sustainable ETF AUM of $150 billion nearly doubled during the year and our $750 billion fixed income ETF platform grew organically by double-digits, even in one of the most challenging macro environments for fixed income in several years. Clients also continued to use our broad-based precision exposures to express risk on sentiment during the year. BlackRock generated full year retail net inflows of $102 billion, representing 12% organic asset growth and 14% organic base fee growth, significantly outperforming the broader mutual fund industry. Retail flows were positive in both the U.S. and internationally, reflecting broad-based strength across our active platform. Fourth quarter retail net inflows of $22 billion reflected similar trends, but also included the seasonal impact of capital gains and dividend reinvestment. We remain well positioned to meet investor needs for risk-adjusted alpha and yield and our diversified fixed income platform with top performing strategies across total return, unconstrained, high yield and credit offers choice to investors in any rate environment. Institutional index net outflows of $118 billion in 2021 reflected equity net outflows, including the previously disclosed $58 billion low fee institutional redemption in the second quarter, partially offset by fixed income net inflows as many large clients rebalanced portfolios after significant equity market gains or tactically shifted assets to fixed income and cash. BlackRock’s institutional active franchise generated a record $169 billion of net inflows in 2021, reflecting broad-based strength across all product categories and the funding of several significant OCIO mandates. We are seeing strong momentum in our OCIO business, evidenced by another significant core fixed income funding in the fourth quarter. We also saw continued growth in our LifePath target date franchise and remain committed to helping investors around the world plan and invest for retirement. In the aggregate, strong growth across active strategies led to 7% organic base fee growth for our institutional channel in 2021. Across retail and institutional client types, BlackRock generated a record $49 billion of active equity net inflows for the full year, led by top performing franchises in technology, health sciences and U.S. growth equities as well as quantitative strategies. We remain well positioned for future growth in our active platform, with over 75% of our fundamental active equity, systematic active equity and taxable fixed income assets performing above their respective benchmarks or pure medians for the trailing 5-year period. Overall, demand for alternatives also continued, with $27 billion of net inflows into illiquid and liquid alternative strategies during the year driven by credit, infrastructure and our multi-strat and global event-driven hedge funds. Total alternatives fundraising notched a record in 2021 and we have approximately $36 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of strategies, representing over $230 million of future annual base fees and significant potential performance fees. Finally, BlackRock’s cash management platform generated $44 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter and $94 billion of net inflows in 2021 as we continue to grow market share in a persistent low rate environment by leveraging our scale, product breadth, technology, and risk management on behalf of clients. It has been another strong year for BlackRock. Our global scale and diverse platform allow us to continue investing for the future, whether in good markets or more challenging ones and our differentiated business model remains incredibly well-positioned to sustain industry-leading organic growth and deliver long-term shareholder value. Our commitment remains to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible and we will do so responsibly to meet the needs of all stakeholders. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call. I hope you all have had a healthy and happy holiday season that all of you are staying safe. Throughout BlackRock’s history, we have relentlessly focused on helping our clients meet their investment goals and solve their most complex challenges. We have continually invested and reinvested in our business to meet and anticipate our clients’ evolving and changing needs and to deliver the most comprehensive global investment and technology platform. Our 2021 results truly demonstrated the benefits of those investments. BlackRock delivered the strongest organic growth in our history even as our assets under management reached new highs. We generated $540 billion in net inflows in 2021, representing a record 11% organic base fee growth. We also ended the year with strong momentum with $212 billion of fourth quarter net inflows, reflecting our seventh consecutive quarter of organic base fee growth above our 5% target. And we have steadily expanded our organic growth premium relative to the industry, relative to our competitors as our clients continue to entrust us with more of their portfolios. Importantly, our growth is more diversified than it’s ever been. In 2021, our active platform, including alternatives, contributed $267 billion of inflows representing nearly half of our total net inflows. ETFs remained a significant growth driver with record flows of $306 billion. And our technology services revenues grew by 12%, reaching $1.3 billion. This strong momentum across our entire business drove record financial results. For the year, BlackRock delivered 20% revenue growth, 19% operating income growth, 16% ETFs growth and at the same time, we expanded our margins. Two years into the pandemic, we continue to confront new virus strains. We’re confining divergent restriction approaches country by country and even an uneven economy worldwide. Meanwhile, inflation has reached a 40-year high as we see several structural changes take hold. Consumer demand has shifted from services to household goods as people are spending more time at home and benefiting from higher levels of savings. Labor shortages are causing supply chain bottlenecks as people have more choice in the gig economy. The quit rate in the United States has ever been higher reflecting the confidence of employees. And we will need to recognize that the energy transition is inherently inflationary given the significant cost differential between clean and traditional technology today. And that is why we are so optimistic about investing in green technology to move the energy transition forward. BlackRock has always focused on evolving and staying ahead of our clients’ needs as they navigate change, and they are coming to BlackRock more than ever before. They value BlackRock’s insights, they value the breadth of our solutions. They certainly value our global footprint. As a result, BlackRock is building deeper partnerships with more clients across their whole portfolio throughout the world. We have strong conviction in our ability to continue generating differentiated organic growth over the long-term because we have built a platform to help our clients as a fiduciary to meet their objectives in all market environments. And we continue to invest ahead of their evolving needs and are swiftly and aggressively trying to embrace new market opportunities. Our long-term strategy remains to be – remains to keep up and performance at the heart of BlackRock to accelerate growth in iShares to build out our illiquid alternatives that continue to differentiate our technology to deliver a whole portfolio solution and become a global leader in sustainable investing. BlackRock is a $2.6 trillion active manager and our multiyear investment in incorporating data science, sustainability and new tools for portfolio construction is resulting in stronger growth than at any time in our corporate history. We generated a record $267 billion of net inflows from active strategies in 2021, including a second consecutive year of record active equity inflows. Active strategies contributed over 60% of our annual organic base fees, and our growth is significantly outpacing that of our peers and the broader industry as we take market share in this fragmented landscape. BlackRock’s active mutual fund captured the number one share of industry flows in 2021, and our organic growth rate has tripled the industry. As Gary discussed, our investment performance remained strong with 88% of retractable fix system and 78% of our fundamental active equity funds above benchmark or peer median for a 5-year period. And in the U.S., nearly 80% of our active mutual funds are rated either a Morningstar 4 or Morningstar 5, positioning us well for future growth. Clients are increasingly – increasing their allocation to alternative strategies as they search for diversification and higher returns. BlackRock has built a broad platform across infrastructure, private credit, real estate and private equity to meet that demand. We raised a record $42 billion in client capital in 2021 and are confident in our ability to accelerate our growth as a leader in private markets. Infrastructure, for example, has significant secular tailwinds, driving growth and will be an important engine of fiscal stimulus for economies looking to build for their future. BlackRock is incredibly well positioned to capture opportunity in this area. We are one of the largest infrastructure managers in the industry with over $35 billion of client assets, including one of the largest renewable power platform. We have grown our platform fourfold in the last 5 years and look forward to partnering with more clients as we raise new vintages in our flagship funds and launched new innovative strategies in this asset class. iShares also had a record year as the global ETF industry crossed $1 trillion in annual inflows for the first time. Growth was driven by greater adoption globally from asset owners, asset managers, wealth managers and more recently, for many of the approximately 40 million first-time investors who opened self-directed investment accounts over the last 2 years. BlackRock and iShares ETFs generated a record $306 billion of net inflows in 2021. We saw strength across each of our product categories including over $100 billion of net inflows into our core ETFs for the first time and nearly $80 billion in our fixed income ETF and more than $50 billion into each of our sustainable and precision ETF categories. We saw strong client demand for fixed income ETFs despite a challenging macro environment for fixed income more broadly. Our growth benefited from the diversity of our product range across inflation rate bonds, municipal bonds, sustainability and emerging market exposures and the diversity of our client base, many of whom are increasingly using ETFs are part of their active portfolio construction. Worldwide ETFs are increasingly becoming the vehicle of choice for accessing a broad range of investment exposures, both in a passive way and in an active way. And as barriers for ETF adoption comes down, it is enabling a new generation of investors to access markets and more and more of them are looking to ETFs as a default investment vehicle. For those wanting to create more customized indexes, our Aladdin technology has long provided this capability to institutions. And through our recent Aperio acquisition, we can now provide custom index capabilities to U.S. wealth advisers. Following a breakout in 2020, momentum and sustainable investments continued, and we generated a record $104 billion of net inflows in 2021 as client demand for sustainable strategies accelerated. We now manage $509 billion in sustainable AUM, more than double from a year ago and remain committed to innovating and expanding choice for our clients. One of the biggest opportunities of this generation will be helping our clients navigate the global transition to a net zero economy. We have already seen $4 trillion of capital move from traditional investments to sustainability ones in the last 2 years alone and this is just the beginning. The transition will not happen overnight and it will require significant investment in technology. BlackRock is working with companies across a wide range of carbon-intensive sectors that are proactively transforming their businesses and whose innovation will be critical to the world’s decarbonization agenda. We believe these companies will present an important investment opportunity for investors. BlackRock is intently focused on helping our clients participate in these opportunities and understand the impact of the transition on their portfolios through better data and analytics. Our ambition is to move more capital into transition than anyone else. Our multi-decade investment into Aladdin technology platform continues to differentiate BlackRock both as an asset manager and a leading fin-tech provider. We generated $1.3 billion in annual technology revenues, up 12% year-over-year. We remain focused on continually evolving Aladdin for the next decade and beyond. We are innovating and extending our capabilities into areas of high client demand, including whole portfolios, wealth and sustainability. The combination of Aladdin and eFront for example, which allows a client to bring together their whole portfolio in one place and customized at scale has already been embraced by over two dozen clients, and the pipeline is the strongest it has ever been and growing. The breadth of BlackRock investment strategies, our technology capabilities and our one BlackRock culture are truly, what differentiates us in providing global portfolio solutions to our clients. In my conversations with clients around the world, I’m hearing about the challenges they are facing and their desire to consolidate the number of partners that they work with. They are increasingly choosing BlackRock as their partner of choice for those large strategic complex relationships. This is resonating, especially in our work with insurance clients. Our strong fourth quarter inflows included a previously announced $49 billion of active fixed income mandate from a large strategic insurance client. Our role at BlackRock is to leverage our insurers expertise and our diversified global platform across asset management, technology, sustainability, advisory solutions to deliver fully and completely to our clients. We see significant opportunity to work more closely with our insurance and broader OCIO clients in 2022 and beyond. Our ability to address client challenges enables us to fulfill our purpose and drive long-term performance that benefits all our stakeholders. Over the last 5 years, clients have entrusted us with $1.8 trillion of net new assets. That’s our organic growth for the last 5 years. We crossed $10 trillion in AUM in the fourth quarter. As with every milestone we reached over the decade, we are incredibly humbled by our client support and their incredible trust they have placed on us. All of us at BlackRock feel and take this deep responsibility in managing every dollar our clients awarded us, whether it is an individual investor using one of our ETFs is their first portfolio or investment account or a very large pension fund entrusting us with their whole portfolio. It is truly an honor that we recognize every moment and every day. BlackRock’s consistent results are possible because of our dedicated employees. I often talk about the importance of putting a company’s purpose at the foundation of a relationship with all stakeholders. Our purpose is resonating with our employees more than ever. BlackRock employee base has remained stable over the last 2 years amidst its turbulent environment. And I’m extremely proud of how passionate our 18,000 employees are in helping more and more people experience financial well-being. I want to take this moment to thank each and every one of our employees and every one of them individually for their continued partnership resilience and hard work and dedication through another difficult year. Everything BlackRock does is rooted in our culture of focusing on the long-term, and we will continue to innovate. We will continue to be using our scale and contributing to a more equitable and more resilient future to benefit more clients to benefit our employees, and to benefit our shareholders and the people and communities worldwide where we operate. I firmly believe that the efforts of 2021 will position BlackRock to deliver value over the long run for all our stakeholders.  With that, let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Alex. Happy New Year.
Alex Blostein: Hi, good morning, everybody. Happy New Year to you as well. So maybe we could start with a question around just the active dynamics for BlackRock in 2021. Clearly, a great year, record year in active flows across the board, equity, fixed income etcetera. How sustainable do you think this trend will be, I guess, into ‘22. And then I also was hoping you could expand on how faster increases in interest rates could also impact asset allocation decisions over the next 12 to 18 months?
Laurence Fink: Sure. Excuse me. I’m getting over a cold from my grandchild. Our results in our active investment strategies is really one of the core transformations of BlackRock over many years of work. The history of BlackRock was an active fixed income manager, our acquisition of BGI with our fantastic quantitative approach to both fixed income and equity active strategies, our development in our illiquid space where we built out that platform, our recommitment and fortifying our fundamental equity teams over the last 5 years, which led to great performance. In addition, over the last 5 years, Alex, and you’re aware of this, our build-out of our distribution team, our build-out in the RIA channel, having $102 billion of inflows from retail globally, the large portion of that was active. So it’s not just building out our investment teams and fortifying them, but it was building out also our distribution side of our businesses, too. That’s all built -- led to a well-positioned as active strategies continue to be a choice with more and more investors worldwide. And let’s be clear, many of our flows in ETFs were from active strategies too. So, across the board, the $267 billion of inflows represented from great performance, well positioned, and I think that will continue to build in 2022. I would say the other major thing is, and I talked about this quite a bit in my prepared remarks was our whole portfolio approach. We believe more and more organizations are going to be looking to outsource large components of their balance sheets, whether it’s in insurance company, a pension fund and endowment, and we are looking for an organization that can position that quite well because of our business model of having both active and index products across having the technology to interface with our clients, whereas we are probably the best positioned organization in the world to meet those types of opportunities. And so if anything, I think that momentum in active is going to accelerate going forward, especially in the OCIO area and whole portfolios. This is going to be driving more and more of our success. Obviously, we saw flows in sustainability that continues to be driven our success in illiquids has really been a cornerstone of our 2021 results. So, I am extremely optimistic on our positioning for ‘22 and beyond. In terms of rising rates, it really depends on how rising rates are going to be resulting in. Are we going to see a flattening yield curve with rising rates, are we going to see a steepening yield curve? I tend to believe we are going to have more of a flat there on. If central banks raise rates 8x to 10x, which the forward curve suggests, we did have a 2.25-year, 2.5-year, let’s say, short-term rate. The real question is what does that mean for the 10-year rate. Those questions and how that plays out is going to be very important. The biggest opportunity that we have is how BlackRock is positioned in the opportunities we have. I really do believe whether we have rising rates, a flattening yield curve, a steepening yield curve, we will be part of the conversation with all our investors worldwide.
Gary Shedlin: Yes, Larry, maybe I can just jump in on the rates, just one thing for Alex. I think obviously, the dynamic between rates going up and our level of AUM, I think is well known. But I would just highlight a couple of things. One is – our $2.8 trillion is primarily institutional for sure. And obviously, those are very sticky assets that are both strategic and matched for liability. So, we think we have very sticky assets. Two is we are obviously very well positioned in terms of our broad-based fixed income platform. So, whether it’s unconstrained, high yield, total return or short duration, I think we have got that. So, we are ready for a rotation. And more importantly, I think really is if rates go up, a bunch of cash is likely to come off the sidelines, and so that will enable us to basically move that cash into other asset classes. And as I mentioned in my remarks, very importantly, we waived $500 million of fees last year in our cash business, that first 25 basis point move by the Fed, and as many people think that could come as early as the first quarter. We think that will free up almost all of those waivers. That will have about a 0.5 basis point increase on our annualized effective fee rate. And obviously, we have talked about while we share roughly half of that with our distributors that will drop a significant amount of incremental profitability to the bottom line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Hi Craig. Happy New Year.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hi, good morning Larry, Rob, Gary, Hope you are all doing well. First, I just want to congratulate you on being the first asset manager to reach $10 trillion.
Laurence Fink: Well, it is just a number. Thank you.
Craig Siegenthaler: So, my question is on the ETF business. We saw that the New York State insurance regulator just published an update on the capital treatment of fixed income ETFs as bonds instead of equities. I know this has been a focus for a while, but do you think this could open the door to larger ETF allocations from your insurance company clients?
Laurence Fink: Let me give that to Rob.
Robert Kapito: That’s a great question, Craig. As to catch everybody up towards the end of 2021, you saw the New York Department of Financial Services published a rule which permits insurance firms to treat diversified liquid bond ETFs like bonds for the purpose of risk-based capital. And this puts bond ETFs on a level playing field with bonds in an insurance portfolio. So, so far we are really excited by the initial client feedback and interest to ETFs. Because of this rule, we are very optimistic as how this could lead to future growth. And this is just another sign of an unlock to come as ETFs are gaining increased understanding. And you know in the past, we have said that we expect by 2025 that ETFs are going to reach $15 trillion from $10 trillion today. We still believe that. And even at that level, ETFs would still be a small part of the capital markets, which is why we think there are decades of growth ahead. And so, we are very excited about the fact that insurers now will use more ETFs to represent their bond portfolio, but a good question and a good insight by you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning everyone. Happy New Year. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask on Aladdin, I was just hoping you could update us on your number of a lot of initiatives. You guys have a lot going on there from migrating to Microsoft Azure to the Snowflake partnership, Aladdin Climate. Maybe you could just expand upon the progress on those different initiatives where they stand. Some of them earlier stages than others. What’s been built out? What’s left and that sort of early feedback from clients, maybe you could talk a little bit how you see that unlocking the revenue growth ahead?
Laurence Fink: Let me tackle the scale of Aladdin Climate, and I will have Gary comment on the progress with Azure and Snowflake. As I said in my prepared remarks, client demand for Aladdin has accelerated, especially with more and more remote working, having a comprehensive platform, a whole portfolio solution platform is really highlights the opportunities and the strength of Aladdin and more and more investment firms, asset owners and insurance companies are looking for Aladdin as an opportunity to expand their ability to navigate markets. As we built out on Aladdin, as you suggested Michael, the whole space of where Aladdin is growing out, whether it is Aladdin provider, connecting every Aladdin user to its custodial relationship, intersecting that. Aladdin Wealth, connecting Aladdin to wealth managers and having them more connected. And we are in the beta sites right now of rolling out with some of our airline users already on Climate. And that will continue to be, in my mind, one of the principal drivers for Aladdin utilization going forward. And then the greater utilization of alternatives, the combination of Aladdin and eFront really extended Aladdin across the entire investment ecosystem end-to-end. And so with Aladdin provider with Aladdin Wealth and now Aladdin Climate across all the portfolios, I do believe it is going to drive accelerated growth for Aladdin going forward. I am incredibly optimistic about the opportunities we have. And I truly believe as more and more regulators are asking questions related to Climate and how do you quantify Climate as a risk, the need for Aladdin is essential in terms of understanding that risk as one measurement. I mean there are many other tools that people could use, but it will be one of the measurements that people can utilize. And I would also add one of the great strengths for Aladdin over the last 2 years and why greater utilization is open to Aladdin. We are now allowing every user of Aladdin to put their own models in that are proprietary to them. So, Aladdin as a risk management system is not a monolithic system, what Aladdin has become is more an operating ecosystem and helping the owners of money, the asset managers of money to really navigate across asset categories, communication to client, communication to the custodial bank and having your own proprietary risk system. And that has been one of the great transitions of Aladdin and then dovetailing that, the infrastructure of Aladdin related to Azure and Snowflake. And I will allow Gary to talk about what we are doing in the infrastructure to create a more resilient Aladdin.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Larry. So, Mike, I think you were specifically asking about cloud, I will give you just a couple of comments. We are obviously migrating Aladdin from BlackRock managed data centers to the cloud. And we think that, that partnership with Microsoft, in particular, brings a number of enhanced capabilities to both ourselves and Aladdin clients. I mean the big four for us are to localize data hosting. As Larry talked about, really unlocking growth as a key part of our strategy to open Aladdin, where clients are really looking to use both data and APIs in ways that differentiate them and help to express their own competitive advantage. We are looking to accelerate innovation and finally, migrating to the cloud is going to help us support greater computing scale and elasticity at our clients as we see client demand to use data clearly increasing. More importantly, though, it’s beyond just the cloud. I mean we are making investments really to address the needs of what we consider the investor for the future. Obviously, a focus on whole portfolio solutions. You know about our acquisition of eFront, where we bring public and private capabilities together in one platform, sustainability data and analytics, which will be very critical. We talked about flexible tech solutions and connectivity that we just talked about, but also integrated data ecosystem that will allow clients to combine both Aladdin and non-Aladdin data, which I think is going to be important. We are about two-thirds complete with our client migrations. That is ahead of our initial plan and we anticipate completing the remainder of those client migrations likely in the first half of 2022.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Happy New Year. Maybe just to circle back on sustainable investing. It looks like that continues to be about nearly 20% of your organic growth. And you are now at over $500 billion, you are well on your way to making that $1 trillion mark well before the end of the decade if this type of pace continues. But maybe, Larry, if you could talk about how you are seeing recent trends in demand momentum in the U.S. versus Europe. Obviously, Europe has been more of the growth engine over the long-term on sustainable investing. But maybe you can just talk about that differentiation. And then also just on carbon transition as well. This is such a developing market. I don’t know if you have a view on what a longer term market opportunity for investment product could be from AUM size in that area? And what sort of products you are targeting to do?
Laurence Fink: Great question. Thanks, Brian. Well, in 2020, we made a large statement related to the tectonic shift that we have seen is going to occur in the investment world. And we continue to see rising interest in sustainability worldwide. And I think just by evidence of 2021, we saw $31 billion of flows in the U.S. and sustainability. $65 billion of flows from EMEA, which you suggested more in Europe, $8 billion from APAC. And we went from about $100 billion in 2019 to $500 billion today. I think that we are in different spots as evidenced by those flows, as you suggested. In Europe, if you do not have a sustainability lens, you will not be awarded any mandates today. It is a component of all. I want to – we are all investing in Europe today. In the United States, it’s still quite mixed depending on the institution, but it’s growing. It’s growing because, a, we are able to create a customized portfolios, and this is the power of Aladdin for us. Customized portfolio for those clients are looking to – start looking at sustainability as an investment opportunity and an investment risk. And I believe this will continue to be driving flows in the coming years. The big opportunity and the greatest opportunity in this area is investing in new is a new technology. As I said in my prepared remarks, if we move to a green economy tomorrow without new technology, it’s going to lead to an unfair and unjust transition. And as we witnessed in so many places already with rising energy prices, we have seen governments capping energy costs to the consumer. Even the European countries that are so focused on sustainability like France and Spain have caps and heating and other things like that. So, this is going to be a very long as I discussed over the years, a very long transition and very – and it’s not going to be a straight line. The opportunity then is to be working with traditional hydrocarbon companies who are going to be part of the solution. It’s going to be working with agricultural companies who are part of the solution. It is investing in new start-ups whether it is to create blue or green hydrogen or blue or green ammonia to find new solutions for green cement and steel for investing in new opportunities and sequestering of hydrocarbons. So, we believe climate transition opportunities for renewable power for this new technology is going to be – are going to be great. And I do believe there is going to be huge investment opportunities going forward. So, it’s a combination of navigating your current portfolio as it lends, but also the opportunities in investing in side-by-side with hydrocarbon companies or investing in new technologies and new start-ups. Gary, why don’t you carry on and talk about sustainability, too, please?
Gary Shedlin: I think you got it, Larry. I think you hit on all the key parts of the question in terms of just flows. I mean unless Brian, there was anything specific you wanted additional color on the flows. I think Larry captured it. EMEA was basically 65% of flows sustainability for the year. Larry mentioned the U.S. being about $30 billion. I think importantly, the U.S. was up 50% year-over-year, notwithstanding that it’s still only about a third of those flows. But otherwise, I think Larry, you captured it.
Laurence Fink: Thank you.
Brian Bedell: Okay.
Operator: Alright. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached a lot of time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us today and your continued interest in BlackRock. Our fourth quarter and full year performance is a direct result of our commitment to serving our clients, investing for the long-term anticipating their needs. And hopefully, you could hear from Gary and I and Rob, we see tremendous opportunities ahead. And BlackRock’s focus remains on investing in our people, investing in the communities where we operate and to stay in front of our clients’ needs. If we do all those well, our shareholders are going to be the biggest beneficiary. And I do believe this is what has enabled us to continue to deliver strong, durable, long-term returns for all of our shareholders. Thank you again, and let’s hope we have a great start in the New Year, and we all stay healthy and safe. Talk to you in a few months. Bye-bye now.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Javale (ph), and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time. I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin, President Robert S. Kapito, and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator instructions] [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present the results for the third quarter of 2021. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our adjusted results. BlackRock's proven track record of delivering to stakeholders reflects our ongoing commitment to anticipate change before it happens and continually invest for the long term. Our globally integrated investment in technology platforms enables us to construct resilient whole portfolios for clients. We rely on thought leadership, global investment insights, and state-of-the-art risk management tools to help clients navigate ever-changing and increasingly volatile market environments. Our approach is resonating more than ever. And is reflected in the continued strong momentum we're seeing across our entire platform. BlackRock generated total net inflows of $75 billion in the third quarter, $98 billion of long-term net inflows representing approximately 4% annualized organic asset growth were partially offset by net outflows from lower feed cash and advisory AUM. In addition, strong net inflows from ETFs and our active franchise once again contributed to this quarter's 9% annualized organic base fee growth. Over the last 12 months, our differentiated investment management platform, which pairs active and index capabilities across the entire range of traditional and alternative products has now generated over $450 billion of total net inflows, representing 13% organic base fee growth, well in excess of our 5% long-term target. Third-quarter revenue of $5.1 billion increased 16% year-over-year while operating income of $1.9 billion rose 11% and reflected the impact of approximately $96 million of fund launch costs primarily associated with the successful launch of a $2 billion closed-end fund in late September. Earnings per share of $10.95 were up 19% compared to a year ago. Also reflecting significantly higher non-operating income in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter included $298 million of net investment income, primarily driven by non-cash gains related to our strategic minority investments in iCapital and Scalable Capital, as well as mark-to-mark gains in our private equity co-investment portfolio. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 24%. We continue to estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the fourth quarter of 2021, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation. Third-quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.9 billion increased 22% year-over-year, reflecting the positive impact of market beta on average AUM and 13% organic base fee growth despite higher discretionary money market fee waivers and strategic pricing investments over the last year. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was up 5%. Our third-quarter annualized effective fee rate on a day count equivalent basis increased by 2/10 of the basis point from the second quarter as the positive impact of strong organic base fee growth driven by our higher fee active businesses and lower discretionary money market fee waivers more than offset the negative impact of diversion equity beta primarily associated with the accelerating decline in emerging markets during the current quarter. During the third quarter, we incurred approximately $130 million of gross discretionary yield support waivers. Lower discretionary yields support waivers in the current quarter were linked to the Fed's technically -- technical adjustment to the IOER and RRP in June, as well as outflows from U.S. government money market funds during the current quarter. Performance fees of $345 million reflected generally strong performance from our single strategy hedge fund platform over the last year. The decline in year-over-year fees reflected lower revenue from a single hedge fund with an annual performance measurement period that ends in the third quarter, which delivered truly exceptional performance a year ago, partially offset by higher revenues from illiquid products. Quarterly Technology Services revenue increased 13% from a year ago. Annual contract value or ACV, increased 16% year-over-year and continued to reflect strong growth from the third quarter of 2020, which was impacted by slower sales and extended contracting in the early months of the pandemic. We remain committed to low to mid-teams growth in ACV over the long term. Total expense increased 19% versus the year-ago quarter driven primarily by higher G&A, compensation, and direct fund expense. G&A expense was up $139 million or 30% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher technology and portfolio services expense in the current quarter, Third quarter G&A expense also included $96 million of fund launch costs primarily associated with our first ESG oriented closed-end fund, the $2 billion BlackRock ESG Capital Allocation Trust, and $29 million of contingent consideration fair value adjustments related to the estimated final payment on our successful Citibanamex acquisition in 2018. Recall that we exclude the impact of product launch cost from reporting our as-adjusted operating margin. Core G&A expense for the third quarter, which excludes the impact of product launch and transaction-related costs, was up 3% from the second quarter. We have made no changes to the discretionary investment spending plans we have previously outlined and would expect a sequential increase in our fourth quarter core G&A spends to be generally consistent with previous years, reflecting seasonal increases in marketing spend, additional costs related to return to office planning, and ongoing technology costs associated with the latent cloud migrations. Employee compensation and benefits expense was up $116 million or 8% from a year ago, primarily reflecting higher base compensation and higher deferred compensation related to the impact of grants associated with 2020 compensation.  Direct fund expense increased 38% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average index AUM, and intangible amortization expense increased $11 million year-over-year due to our Aperio acquisition. Our third-quarter as an adjusted operating margin of 45.8% was down 120 basis points from a year ago. As operating leverage was more than offset by the impact of lower performance fees, higher contingent consideration, fair value adjustments, and higher intangible amortization expense compared to a year ago. We're seeing more opportunities to invest for growth than ever before. We reopened the closed-end fund market in 2019 by making it more efficient for investors to access products at NAV. By synthetically seeding these new funds. We've now raised $14 billion in ACV AUM, representing over $170 million in new revenue. Our strategic minority investments in iCapital and Scalable Capital are reinforcing our tech for flows strategy and simultaneously generating very attractive returns for shareholders. And we continue to build our best-in-class ESG capabilities, most recently by acquiring Rhodium models related to the financial risks associated with climate change. Effective use of our balance sheet to seed new products, co-invest alongside clients or makes strategic minority investments, both support our growth and drive value for our shareholders. And while our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business, we also remain committed to returning excess cash to shareholders and repurchase an additional $300 million worth of shares in the third quarter. As we discussed at investor day, we continue to invest in our highest growth franchises such as ETFs, private markets, and technology. And we are accelerating investment s to drive growth in our sustainable, traditional, active, and solutions capabilities. Each of these areas once again delivered strong results in the third quarter. Quarterly long-term net inflows of $98 billion were driven by continued momentum and our ETF and active platforms. Our ETFs generated net inflows of $58 billion in the third quarter, positive across each of our product categories, representing 7% annualized organic base fee growth. ETFs attributable to our strategic category drove over 50% of net inflows in the quarter, reflecting continued strength in fixed income and sustainably ETFs. Core equity and higher fee persistent exposure ETFs saw net inflows of $16 billion and $9 billion respectively led by U.S. equity exposures. Retail net inflows of $23 billion representing 11% annualized organic base fee growth were positive in both the U.S. and internationally and across all major asset classes. Retail multi-asset results included the impact of the previously mentioned $2 billion closed-end funds raised in late September. Inflows continue to reflect broad-based strength across our active platform and we remain well-positioned to meet investor needs for risk-adjusted alpha and yield in the current market environment. BlackRock's institutional active net inflows of $26 billion, representing 6% annualized organic base fee growth, were led by $25 billion of multi-asset net inflows. The growth included the impact of a significant outsourced CIO mandate from the Asia-Pacific client, continuing our momentum in an important growth area where we are providing cost-effective whole portfolio solutions to the world's most sophisticated institutional clients. We also saw continued demand for our LifePath target-date offerings, and Larry will update you about a recent milestone for our new LifePath Paycheck retirement solution. Institutional index net outflows of $8 billion broadly reflected equity net outflows, which were partially offset by fixed income net inflows, as clients continue to re-balance portfolios after significant equity market gains, or sort to immunized portfolios through LDI strategies. Overall, BlackRock generated approximately $45 billion in quarterly active net inflows across the platform, including our tenth consecutive quarter of positive active equity flows. Demand for alternatives also continued with nearly $7 billion of net inflows into liquid and illiquid alternative strategies during the quarter, driven by single strategy hedge funds, private credit, real assets, and private equity solutions. Fund-raising momentum remains strong and we have approximately $29 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. BlackRock's cash management platform experienced net outflows of $12 billion driven primarily by redemption from the U.S. government and offshore Sterling prime money market funds in line with the broader U.S. money market fund industry. BlackRock's diverse cash management offerings position as well to serve clients' needs and you'll hear more from Larry about how we're expanding our ESG cash offerings to enhance our competitive positioning even further.  Finally, third-quarter advisory net outflows of $10 billion were primarily linked to the successfully planned wind-downs of portfolios managed by our financial markets advisory group on behalf of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Recall that revenue linked to these assignments is primarily reflected in the advisory and other revenue line item on our income statement. BlackRock continued strong performance reflects our commitment to strategically invest in our business in anticipation of change and to lead the evolution of the asset management industry. Today, we see even greater opportunities to invest in our employees and our clients and in the communities in which we operate to ensure that we will continue to optimize organic growth, in the most efficient way possible. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call. I truly hope that all of you are staying healthy and safe. Fortunately, I've been traveling again. And in recent months to see clients worldwide. It's great to be back on the road meeting face-to-face with our clients. And I found our clients actually more engaged, more interested in our conversations than ever before. As investors continue to navigate uncertainty in the markets and in the broader global economic outlook, BlackRock is partnering more closely with our clients to help them achieve long-term -- their long-term goals and helping them seeking new opportunities. BlackRock is providing insights into the global economy, guidance on how to navigate the market volatility, and providing solutions for their entire portfolio. Our comprehensive unified investment in technology platform combined with our steadfast client-centric approach is enabling us to deliver constantly and consistently strong results for our stakeholders. Long-term net inflows of $98 billion in the third quarter represented 9% organic base fee growth was driven by continued strength in our strategic growth opportunities that we spoke to you about in the past. Our consecutive quarters of strong growth are the direct result of these investments that we've made over time to enhance and evolve our business and to be more prepared for the needs of our clients. We have now delivered organic base fee growth in excess of our 5% target for six consecutive quarters, including 13% growth over the last 12 months. We also generated 30% year-over-year growth in Technology Services revenues, as more clients are turning to Aladdin to execute on their growth aspirations and helping them scale their business. At our promising global economic restart earlier this year, we saw certain countries and markets take a step back in recent months as they are confronted with the economic -- with the virus variance and economic issues. Concerns around slowing economic growth are increasing while policymakers evaluating the timing and pace of easing, whether it's rate hikes or reduction in bond purchases. And with interest rates still at historically low levels, investors need solutions that can earn a real yield and be resilient and in a higher inflationary world. Inflationary trends are appearing more than transitory, reflecting structural changes, including a shift from consumerism to job creation, rising wage growth, and the energy transition. As I said in a speech to the G20 in July, society needs to rapidly invest in innovation to offset inflationary pressures associated with the transition to a net 0 economy. We need to make sure that we are pushing Just as hard on the demand side as we are on the supply side. Otherwise, we risk supply issues that drive up the cost for consumers, especially for those who can least afford it. Against this backdrop, clients are turning to BlackRock more than ever before and we are using the full breadth of our capabilities to meet our client's needs. BlackRock, a top-performing active platform continues to outpace the industry, generating $45 billion net inflows in the quarter and nearly $200 billion over the last 12 months. Momentum and active equities continue and BlackRock's number 1 in year-to-date asset gathering in the U.S. active equity mutual fund industry is up from number 3 in 2020. These results reflect our investments over time to incorporate data science, integrate ESG considerations, and enhancing portfolio construction capabilities across the entire active business. And we remain. Committed to continuous innovation so we can deliver strong and durable alpha for our clients over the long term. In addition to our traditional active strategies, you're also seeing clients increase portfolio allocation to private markets. As they reach for yield, institutions are turning to BlackRock for private credit, real estate, and private equity solutions. And well, we're seeing advisors access the private market through our record. Are we to closed-end fund vehicle, which has up to 25% allocation to alternatives? and accredited investor solutions. In total, we raised about $5 billion of illiquid alternative flows and commitments in the quarter, and we continue to steadily deploy that capital for our clients. Portfolio construction and asset allocation decisions are critical in achieving desired returns, and more clients are adapting our ETFs as a building block in their portfolios. We generated 58 billion of ETF net inflows in the third quarter, with growth across each of our core, strategic, and precision product categories, including strong flows in fixed income as clients sought inflation protection in sources of income. We crossed $200 billion in ETF inflows year-to-date, exceeding our 2020 full-year flows. We are seeing this momentum across the entire ETF industry as more and more investors discover the convenience, efficiency, and transparency that the ETF vehicle has. We see opportunities well beyond the 30 million people who use our ETFs today and continue to believe in the long-term growth potential for ETFs. And we will remain confident in our ability to deliver strong organic base fee growth and lead the industry. In my conversations with clients, I hear about how they are looking to focus on their core business and partner with select investment managers that have the expertise, the technology, the scale, to navigate the increasingly complex markets. We see outsourcing portfolio management through OCIO for institutions and for model portfolios for wealth managers, both of which are fast-growing areas of the industry. BlackRock is well-positioned to capture this opportunity and partner with our clients across our whole portfolio. Few asset managers have to scale in the diversity of offering to do this and the consolidation we have seen in the industry is further validation of the business model that we've already built here at BlackRock. We're also innovating to expand clients' options for how they participate in proxy voting decisions, much like asset allocation and portfolio construction, where some clients now can take an active role while others outsource these decisions to us. More of our clients are interested in voting on their index holdings. This is another great example of one BlackRock effort to further democratize choice for our clients and is in line with our commitment to provide them with the broadest range of options. Client demand for more holistic and flexible technology-driven solutions is also increasing. Technology Services grew -- revenue grew by 13% year-over-year as Aladdin's capturing opportunity from industry shifts. And we are leveraging our user provider model to further evolve Aladdin. The combination of Aladdin and eFront has been well received by clients and we now have over two dozen clients using both across their entire whole portfolios. As we've done throughout our history, we continue to invest ahead of our client's needs and evolve BlackRock to lead in the biggest long-term opportunities of the future. And we are seeing meaningful progress in executing on these opportunities. In sustainability, momentum remains strong, and so we generated another $31 billion of net inflows across all regions. Active sustainable net inflows of 7 billion were led by the launch of our ESG capital allocation trust closed-end fund, which Gary mentioned earlier. As ETF -- in ETF iShares is leading sustainable provider, capturing nearly 50% of the industry category inflows year-to-date. In Europe, almost half of all industry flows are now going into sustainable ETFs, up from less than 10% just three years ago. Clients also want an impact-oriented strategy that seeks to deliberate targeted environmental or social outcomes. We recently repurposed one of our money market funds to seek positive social outcomes by supporting a diverse trading ecosystem. BlackRock will also be contributing 5% of our management fees, net revenues from the funds to support students in historically black colleges and universities and predominantly black institutions. This fund is already growing more than 40% -- 20% to 4.5 billion since its conversion in July. And we are proud to work together with our clients to help make a positive impact on the futures of many diverse students, on the futures of many diverse business owners, and in their own communities. BlackRock is also supporting clean energy solutions that change the demand curve for hydrocarbons, which is actually accelerating today and driving energy prices higher. The gap in costs between clean energy technologies and those that will emit greater amounts of greenhouse gases is still very large for most things, which is why BlackRock is supporting a range of initiatives to help bring down the green premium of clean energy. Building our partnership with Temasek earlier this year to advance a decarbonization solution, the BlackRock Foundation announced last month a $100 million grant to the breakthrough Energy Catalyst program. This grant will help speed the development and commercialization of Clean Energy Technologies and BlackRock will provide our investment expertise as the program deploys its financing around the world. We have a long history of innovating to help millions of people worldwide improve retirement readiness. And today we are the largest investment-only defined contribution provider in the industry with over $1 trillion of assets under management on behalf of over 7,200 defined contribution plans. -- excuse me, 72,000 defined contribution plans. Our targeted franchise LifePath has seen $23 billion of net inflows so far this year, representing a 9% organic growth rate far in excess and broader in the target date industry. And we continue to innovate ahead of the future needs of our clients. We recently announced a significant milestone in our retirement income solution; LifePath Paycheck, large plan sponsors whose plan together represents about 7.5 billion in target-date investments, have elected to work with BlackRock to implement our LifePath Paycheck solutions, as a default investment option and their investment retirement plans subject to necessary approvals and conditions. We remain committed to working alongside our clients and partners to help more people address the challenges of spending and income in retirement. We believe that globally integrated financial markets provide people, companies, and governments with better and more efficient access to capital that supports economic growth around the world. This conviction drives our long-term strategy in China as it has in every community, in every country where we operate. BlackRock's clients have benefited from our focus on the long term, and we will bring this perspective to help Global Client --Clients invest in China. And importantly, to deliver investment solutions to Chinese investors. After receiving our FMC and WMC license earlier this year, we launched our first two products in the third quarter, raising over a billion dollars in two weeks from more than 110,000 investors. This milestone demonstrates the value proposition of BlackRock's platform and the strength of our partnerships. It also highlights the start of BlackRock's living its purpose in China by helping more people secure in China a better future and investing in the long-term and retiring, hopefully in dignity. Just as we continue to evolve our business to meet client needs, we also evolve our entire organization. A key driver of BlackRock's success over the years has been our focus and deliberate talent processes, on delivering leaders with a broad range of expertise, a deep commitment to the firm, and a One BlackRock mindset. This commitment to the evolution also extends to our Board of Directors. We recently elected 2 new Directors to our Board, Beth Ford, President and CEO of Land O' Lakes, and Kristin Peck, CEO of Zoetis Beth and Kristin are recognized leaders in their respective industries and they bring a wide range of valuable perspectives and experiences that will help BlackRock and the board navigate our future on behalf of all our shareholders. Looking ahead, I am confident the investments we're making today will enable us to capture greater opportunities and to deliver industry-leading growth in the years to come. More immediately, I'm very excited to welcome our colleagues back to BlackRock's offices in certain parts of the world where we begin our future of work pilot. It's our a culture that can't be built or maintained remotely over the long term, that ensures we can never forget who we are, who we serve. It also helps us in our markets and our industry and most importantly, help us continue to evolve and experience the constant change of the world. Having togetherness and connection with all our employees is vital for our culture and vital for serving the needs of our clients. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone. [Operator Instructions] To limit yourself, please limit yourself to one question. If you have a follow-up, please re-enter the keys. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about alternatives given prospects here for rising yields and interest rates. There is some fear in the marketplace that this could soften flows into alternatives products. So just would be curious to hear your perspective and how you see potential for investor allocations to alternative products to evolve in a rising rate scenario. And then as you look across your alternatives franchise today, maybe you could just touch upon some of your recent initiatives on illiquids and just any sort of views on which you think could be the largest contributor to growth at BlackRock amongst your illiquid products. Thank you.
Laurence Fink: First of all, hi, Michael. I'm going to let Rob Kapito to answer that question.
Rob Kapito: So my question, now that we have been involved in the alternatives business in one way or another for a pretty long time, especially in the retail sector since 1988, and our goal has been to access the retail area for alternatives by keeping our promises over a long period of time on performance. So to start with, the growth in retail alternatives is certainly compelling as part of our strategy to serve advisors ' whole portfolios. And what we chose to do is bring a diversified product line-up to the retail alternative investor. So our job is to bring the appropriate wrappers for those products to provide the solutions to help reshape their portfolio at a period of time when rates and returns have been very low. And what we've seen them do is move from 1% to 2% of their portfolio to allocations up to 20 %. So year-to-date, just in that sector, we've raised over 24 billion of net inflows. And that's at approximately 85 basis point average fee rate across what we'll call our retail liquid alternatives and credit vehicles, and our public-private closed-end fund offerings. So our recent launch of alternatives portfolio analytics for financial advisors on the web-based BlackRock Advisors center and the continued product expansion is going to help us grow with those clients. And in the recent years, we expanded our retail alternatives to include private credit and private equity per year-to-year access to growth equity through closed-end funds. And we're working to expand our retail alternatives offerings now across real assets, sustainable, and co-investment opportunities. So just in the closed-end funds alone, we provide a wrapper that will enable us to provide up to $3 billion in alternatives in them. And just in a summary form, in total, we manage about 180 billion across liquid and alter -- illiquid [Indiscernible]. 29 billion right now in dry powder to invest and deploy, approximately 210 million of future annual base fees. And including liquid and liquid credit, our platform is now over 310 billion, we're the top 5 manager in that. And we've built up alternatives platforms and raised another 100 billion of gross capital over the last five years and we expect to raise a 100 billion more in the next 3 years. Just for September year-to-date, we have raised 25 billion of gross capital and deployed 10 billion. And because there is some expectation that rates can rise, still, these are longer-term investments that have enough spread in it that I believe that the demand is going to continue for quite a long period of time. And I think Larry's rate scenario, which he said in the beginning, is rates low for longer, will only enhance the ability for people to want more alternatives.
Operator: And your next question comes from Alex Blostein, with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Great. Good morning. Hi, Larry. Thank you for taking the question. SO inflation concerns are clearly everywhere and Larry, as you highlighted in your prepared remarks, that's something you guys are clearly focused on as well so maybe two-part question here. One, when it comes to BlackRock's own cost structure, where are you seeing expense growth and margins heading into 22. We, obviously, make changes on the salary from last quarter, but curious if this is becoming a bigger issue for total comp and G&A, as you think forward. And then secondly, from a product perspective, what are the strategies you're advising clients to lean into more aggressively into 2022 to protect their portfolios against the upside inflation risk? Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: And I'll take the expense first. Hey, Alex, it's Gary, how are you? So we're obviously we have seen some expense growth, which I think is expected in the context of the outsized organic-based growth we're delivering on the top-line. For the third quarter, our margin obviously was down about a 120 basis points versus a year ago. And I'd say there were a couple of things there that clouded what would've been some operating leverage in the business, really three things in particular. One was lower performance fees year-over-year. If you recall, we had this discussion last year that performance fees in general hit the P&L at a much higher margin than the rest of the business because there's only really compensation associated with it and no other operating cost in the business. And so when we see performance fees decline, as they did year-over-year, that has an impact on the margin. Secondly, we had higher contingent consideration fair value adjustments or non-core expense this quarter, which was related to the Citibanamex final payment. And we have higher intangible amortization. So if you look at those three things, those three things really more than offset our margin on a year-over-year basis where you would have seen some operating leverage improvement. In terms of just looking at those individual costs, when you look at comp, comp is up about 8% year-over-year. Again, that was highly driven by base salaries, but not just the mid-year that you saw. And remember, comparing it to a year ago, we have normal base salary increases at the beginning of the year. We have the mid-year headcounts a little higher. We obviously have Aperio this year versus when we didn't have it last year, and FX has basically increased the dollar cost of some of that compensation also. So that's really the main driver was the base salary, but the midyear salary increase really didn't have that much to do on a year-over-year basis. On the G&A side that was up about 30% but again, a bunch of components there. Technology expense increased year-over-year and you will still continue to see that going forward. The primary driver there obviously is technology infrastructure, primarily the ongoing migration [Indiscernible] to the cloud, which we're probably about halfway through, but we'll be accelerating into next year. You're also seeing higher portfolio services costs, which again, is part of our success story in OCIO. So where you see us winning large outsourced wealth solution mandates, either in Europe or institutional mandates like the BA pension fund or the significant win we just announced this quarter in APAC and New Zealand, you're going to see higher portfolio services costs because not all of those mandates are managed in-house. We use third-party advisors and when we use third-party advisors, you're seeing those expenses reflected in that line item of the P&L. It's grossed up on revenues, but we also have to bear the expense. And obviously, there's always still some noise that we see a year-over-year in our non-core. Here, we talked about the Citibanamex and Hunter fund launch costs, which, again, are in both cases associated with higher revenue. Finally, on the direct fund expense side, I think that is purely variable. That is obviously tied in most part to our growth in our index AUM, which is fundamentally driven by our success in iShares. That number was up roughly 38% year-over-year, but there's always going to be some noise in that number as we try to effectively manage that expense on behalf of the fund shareholders. So in this case, this year, while there are always some timing issues, it did reflect some one-time expenses associated with moving indexes from one provider to the next to try and basically get those at lower costs. And when you exclude a little bit of noise, that number was probably up about 31% year-over-year versus average iShares AUM increased just close to 34%. So I would say, yes, there are some expense increase. I would say it's less tied to inflation for us than other players. It's really more tied to continuing to invest for growth. And obviously, if we're able to continue to deliver organic base fee growth well in excess of our 5% target, which we've done for the last 6 quarters in a row to 9% clip, 13% over the last 12 months, we're going to see some elevated expenses to be able to drive that success.
Laurence Fink: And on the products in a more inflationary environment, I would just clearly tell you that our platform is large, it's diverse. We're having conversations with clients globally where they should be allocating. I do believe you're seeing higher allocation towards equities over the last year across our client's portfolios. As equities rally, they did less in terms of rebalancing. The bigger question is, how do you allocate across equities? What is a roll-up of emerging markets? But I don't think inflation is playing a dominant role in the conversations. Even in fixed thinking, we're obviously -- it's very obvious long-duration assets are going to be the impact ed the most. And so those clients in fixed income who are worried about their duration risk that could go down into a low-duration product, they could go into various different products with less convexity and less issues. They could go in some type of inflationary protected type of notes too. That's not going to be that large. But the resiliency of our platform really allows us to have that conversation, whether it's in a deflationary world or in an inflationary world. And I do believe the -- if you look at the geographic dispersion of our growth, The conversations worldwide represent these types of conversation, which, when we think about inflation, what role should we play? What is the role of alternatives in an inflationary environment? What is the role of equities across fixed income? So I actually believe it's the volatility of a global economy is allowing us to have these robust, deep conversations. And I don't think there's one global trend to going in and out of one product because inflationary fears and some clients don't believe in that, some people actually believe it's transitory. That's the -- I would look at this -- when there is uncertainty and when we're in a transition period, more clients come to BlackRock than ever before because they are asking those questions. And I think because of the robustness of our platform, whether it's an index-oriented strategies or active strategies across the spectrum. We have the ability to work with them across all economic environments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Gadow with Deutsche. Your line is open.
Bryan Gadow: Great. Thank you. Hey. Good morning everyone. Just switch gears to the sustainable investing growth. I think Larry, you made some comments at a conference on the path to net 0 that at the current rate we're not there yet. Maybe if you can talk about how you think the demand and the capacity for BlackRock to offer impact fund products, more [Indiscernible] from the readiness and the time to fix GV going forward. And is that going to be -- should we be thinking of that as a pretty strong --
Laurence Fink: Yeah.
Bryan Gadow: -- organic growth path going forward?
Laurence Fink: The flows in this COVID world that accelerated into sustainable products. Let me give you the context, I think, with global capital markets. Public institutions are moving very rapidly to adapt more disclosures related to sustainability. More clients, including our hydrocarbon clients, are looking to adapt how to continue to provide hydrocarbons to fit the current needs of our society, but also to slowly adapt in a more sustainable platform too. So across the board, we are having very deep conversations. I must say the conversations we're having with our hydrocarbon companies and the hydrocarbon, from chemicals to oil, they are more robust than ever. They're deeper, they're broader than any other time. And -- but our flows continued to grow and dominate where we continue to be a dominant leader. Year-to-date we had about $80 billion of sustainable inflows, we had $32 billion of those inflows in the third quarter. When I talked about the shift in finance, we're seeing that. Now, specifically on your question related to impact, this is one of the reasons why we wanted to be a partner in Breakthrough Energy. We want to learn more of the science and the new technology. This is why we partnered in our decarbonization fund with Temasek. The demand is growing precipitously in terms of clients interested in finding new -- being part of this transition. And so the capital is there. What is not as prevalent are projects or the opportunities. We are having conversations with the universities. We're having conversations with governments across the board on how can we provide capital? And one of the more dynamic conversation we're having with the traditional hydrocarbon companies across the board is, how can we partner with them in terms of moving -- helping them move forward on their sustainable strategies, on their de - carbonization strategies? And their strategies were around sequestering of their own carbons. So many of those big multinational hydrocarbon companies are building new dynamic technology so they can be the leaders in the sequestering of hydrocarbons, of carbons. At the same time, they may be using that to produce more energy at this time. But these are the types of solutions we're having across the board. You've heard the questions, but my view is we're not moving fast enough, yes. I think that movement toward sustainability is very fast and rapid related to public companies. I think regulators worldwide are asking public companies and banks to do more disclosure. My greatest fear and I spoke about this in my Venice speech 3 months ago, is we're creating a hybrid world, a bifurcated world. The pressure on public companies and banks and asset managers are enormous. We're not putting any pressure on private companies. And there was a great story today in one of the newspapers about as hydrocarbon companies divested some of their hydrocarbons, the buyers are private equity firms. That doesn't change the net 0 world, and that's why I'm saying we're never going to get to a net 0 world if we're not moving holistically together, public and private. And then I spoke about obviously -- in a editorial today it related about the need to invest in the emerging world. There is huge pools of capital standing by, but they are -- we are not able to evaluate the first lost piece in so many of the brownfield investing in the emerging world. And it is estimated the emerging world needs a trillion dollars a year to become more sustainable. As a backdrop, the emerging world minus China represents 34% of the hydrocarbon output. And so if we are going to continue at the pace of $150 billion of investments when there's a need of a trillion dollars, we're fooling ourselves, or we're going to get to a net-zero world. We're going to be fooling ourselves to getting to a net 0 world if we're only asking public companies. We are fooling ourselves if we believe by restricting supply with our traditional hydrocarbons companies, that only raises energy costs, which we're witnessing now. and that is creating not a just transition, which I spoke about in my last 2 CEO letters. We have to be vocal. We have to be forceful about it. BlackRock is a leader in this, and we're seeing the flows, and I continue to see this big shift in investor portfolios as they move away from traditional indexes to more sustainable types of indexes, as they're moving away from different types of strategies and they're moving into these other strategies. We need to accelerate this. We need to accelerate in a way that we're working with our great hydrocarbon companies, not against them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Your line's open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Laurence Fink: Hey Bill.
Bill Katz: Good morning, everybody and thank you so much for taking the questions today. I appreciate all the discussion. Maybe a two-part question, just keeping the line with that. One is, can you maybe peel back a little bit on why you're so successful in the retirement business and where you see the Paycheck opportunity gaining scale and share and then completely unrelated. But maybe for Gary, how do you think about the exit fee rate, base fee rate, just given the divergent beta versus the very strong flow mix dynamics? Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: So Bill, the story is, we're able to look at a client's portfolio holistic over the long term and the focus is to have our clients be able to retire in dignity. It's not a one-off situation. It's a constant look at a portfolio over a period of interest rates and solve the problem with the appropriate wrappers and products. We have the scale of products, we have the performance, we have the wrappers. So honestly, it is the focus. A significant portion of all of BlackRock's assets are dedicated to retirement. This is what we do and when we dovetail that into the analytics that we could provide,
Rob Kapito: we really can't fulfill the entire gamut of retirement. So it's product, performance, and technology, and focus on what we think is the most important business that there is in the world, is keeping our promises to clients so they can retire in dignity.
Laurence Fink:  [Indiscernible] I would add one more thing that Rob is talking about. I think our consistency of messaging to our clients across many, many years, we've developed -- built a deep relationship with our -- with the clients and I don't believe our 9% growth rate is a one-time thing. I think we continue to be growing our presence in this market. We continue to try to be an innovator, whether it's the LifePath Paycheck or anything which, now LifePath Paycheck is about $340 billion. I'm sorry, that's our target date, and LifePath Paycheck, our most recent growth. I look -- I think conversations have never been broader, more robust, and we continue to drive these conversations. I believe more and more of the large plans are looking to BlackRock for that type of advice, that type of hand-holding. And I believe more than ever before, especially in this world of need for more employees, the need to build deeper relationship with your employees. I believe the conversations that every corporation now in how to create better connectivity with their employees is becoming a broader conversation than we've ever seen in the last 20 years. I think the companies that have deeper connections, a better retirement plan, better healthcare plans, are the companies that are driving more consistency with their employees, led to higher retention rates. So I truly believe this is going -- this is one of those transitory things that are happening. And I think it's catching a lot of organizations by surprise now, the fluidity of employees moving from one economy to another economy, moving to one business to another business. And I truly believe this refocus on the needs of the employees and retirement is a major component of that refocus is going to be a larger and more dominant theme. And I think this is the -- when I talk about this -- we're in this transition now, I think many corporations are surprised at this. I think COVID, and how we work remotely, people feel -- many people want to work remotely. They feel differently about their work-life balance. This is all transforming our society in many ways is a great way. But we're in this transition. And some industries are going to be huge winners in this and some industries are going to be losers of this. But most importantly, I think the common thing those companies that are working with their employees with purpose, building a deeper, broader connectivity with their employees, they retain their employees with greater regularity, and importantly, they are able to attract the best and the brightest and we're seeing that more and more. And our conversations about business purpose and stakeholder capitalism, I think it resonates with our corporate clients who have these defined contribution plans and they are asking us how to create that greater depth of robustness. And then you have overlay, what we're trying to do related to innovation. I think it really is a compelling story. Why BlackRock?
Gary Shedlin: And Bill, on your second question, which I think was about fee rate going into the fourth quarter. We generally don't provide a lot of guidance on that; we'll leave that to you guys. But I will say a couple of things on that. Obviously, you will see that the spot rate entering the fourth quarter was moderately lower, but not a big deal in average assets for the third quarter. So I think we're probably about the same. But I would direct you towards page 5 of our supplement. I think obviously a lot of things go into the fee rate. And in fact, I would say that from an organic growth perspective, every month of the third quarter was generally was very consistent. So it wasn't like we saw a lot of volatility in terms of our organic growth. But clearly, you do see some differences in the spot rates in terms of markets relative to the average rates. And you'll clearly see there's that as we've talked about in terms of diversion equity data, we did see an acceleration in terms of the decline of certain emerging markets as we got to the end of the third quarter. And I think you'll see that on the supplement, where some of our higher fee markets in Asia, the emerging markets and commodities in particular are all down roughly somewhere around mid to high single digits with actually the BlackRock equity index on the spot basis down about 3%. So no question that we did see diversion beta accelerate into the end of the quarter. But again, given some of the other stuff, I think that might have a moderate, very moderate impact on the fee rate, but I don't think anything significant.
Operator: Thank you. And last question comes from Robert Lee with KBW. Your line's open.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Robert.
Robert Lee: Good morning, everyone. Hope everyone's doing well. Maybe we'll produce those back to maybe alternatives business. And I was interested on the 50 billion [Indiscernible] is obviously about the strategy, but a big win. But can you maybe talk about what you're seeing and how you feel in their position in the insurance market in terms of [Indiscernible] a big clients, where you see more CIOs [Indiscernible]. And do feel you have the right products set as the insurance industry, as they look to expand their [Indiscernible] credit and whatnot. Just trying to get a better feel for how you're tapping into that upfront.
Rob Kapito: So Gary and I will barbell this. We're saying that insurance portfolios have always had an allocation to what we're all calling alternatives. But as the alternative packages have become much more complicated, certainly the technology and the management of those has not really caught up. So we're being asked by insurance companies who have determined that in many cases, it would be better, cheaper, faster with the technology to outsource many of those investments. And of course, that's a very, very big part of our platform. And we are being called in more and more to be a partner with insurance companies on their portfolio overall and it's a huge growth area for us with Aladdin because the technology has not kept place. We're seeing a lot of interest from the insurance companies. And it spans the growth from private credit, especially real estate, and infrastructure. And those are 3 areas that we've spent a lot of time developing. And certainly in Aladdin, our ability there is second to none, so it's become a bigger opportunity for us in the last year or so.
Gary Shedlin: I couldn't agree more. So our big business today obviously is in excess of $450 plus billion. You mentioned AEL, which is -- which will fund in the fourth quarter, very significant mandate. And I think Rob is right, portfolio resilience, diversification, portfolio construction, which takes advantage of our great performance in core fixed income are increasing momentum and capabilities across the breadth of private markets and leveraging technology. I think there's no question. I would say it's resonating well beyond just insurance companies because we're seeing yet -- obviously, we've seen the British Air Pension, we've seen a number of outsourced wealth solutions in Europe where I think all of these things has strong applicability and we're seeing them obviously increased momentum in our broad-based multi-asset capabilities figures did come through in our quarterly results. Thanks for the question, Rob.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your interest at BlackRock. Our third-quarter results, again, is a direct result of our steadfast commitment in serving our clients, listening to our clients, responding to our clients, and hopefully staying in front of our client's needs so we could be with them as they evolve and change. I see a large opportunity ahead of BlackRock than ever. And BlackRock 's focus remains on investing in our people, on our communities, where we operate across the world, and in our platform. Most importantly, as we continue to stay ahead of our client future needs, we will continue to be driving excellence on behalf of our -- all of our shareholders. With that, thank you. Hopefully, everyone have a safe and healthy fourth quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thank you Chris and good morning everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the second quarter of 2021. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I'll be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. Last month at our 2021 Investor Day we highlighted how the investments we have consistently made to support growth have enabled us to execute on our framework for shareholder value. We have invested and evolved over time to create a globally integrated investment and technology platform that enables clients to construct resilient whole portfolios that meet their objectives regardless of market enjoinment or risk appetite. And we continue to invest in our industry-leading high growth franchises such as ETFs, private markets and technology and they are accelerating investments to drive growth in our ESG traditional active and solutions capabilities. The combination of our comprehensive and integrated investment platform with global and local distribution capabilities once again delivered strong results for the quarter, and we remain very well-positioned to continue delivering differentiated organic gross in the future. BlackRock generated total net inflows of $81 billion in the second quarter, representing 4% annualized organic asset growth. As previously disclosed, second quarter net inflows included the full impact of a $58 billion low fee institutional index redemption from a large U.S. public pension client. Strong net inflows from ETFs and our entire active franchise once again contributed to this quarter's robust 10% annualized organic base fee growth. Over the last 12 months, our broad based platform pairing diverse investment capabilities with best-in-class technology and rigorous risk management has generated over $500 billion of total net inflows, representing 13% organic base fee growth well in excess of our 5% long-term target.  Second quarter revenue of $4.8 billion increased 32% year-over-year and operating income of $1.9 billion rose 37%. Earnings per share of $10.03 was up 28%, also reflecting lower non-operating income and a higher effective tax rate compared to a year ago. Strong year-over-year comparisons benefited in part from significant improvements in equity market conditions versus a year ago. Non-operating results for the quarter included $145 million of net investment income, primarily driven by mark-to-market gains in our private equity coinvestment and unhedged seed capital portfolios. Our as adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 24%. We now estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2021, primarily reflected an increase in certain tax -- state tax rates though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation during the year. Second quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.8 billion was up 27% year-over-year, primarily driven by the positive impact of market beta on average AUM and strong organic base fee growth, partially offset by higher discretionary money market fee waivers, lower securities lending revenue and strategic pricing investments over the last year. Sequentially base fee and securities lending revenue was up 5%. However, our effective fee rate was down 0.3 basis points, as strong organic base fee growth driven by our higher fee active businesses and the impact of one additional day in the current quarter were more than offset by higher discretionary money market fee waivers and the impact of divergent equity beta in the quarter. During the second quarter, we incurred approximately $165 million of gross discretionary yield support waivers driven in part by continued strong flows into our U.S. government money market funds. While the Fed's recent technical adjustments to the IOER and RRP have modestly helped, we still expect discretionary fee waivers to persist at or around current levels for the new term. However, future levels of discretionary fee waivers may also be impacted by several additional factors, including the level of AUM and funds with existing waivers, gross yields and competitive positioning. Performance fees of $340 million were up significantly from a year ago, reflecting strong performance across our entire investment platform, including liquid and illiquid alternatives and long-only strategies. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 14% from a year ago, while annual contract value or ACV increased 16% year-over-year, and continued to reflect strong growth from the second quarter of 2020, which was impacted by slower sales and extended contracting in the early days of the pandemic. We remain committed to low to mid teens growth in ACV over the long-term. Total expense increased 29% versus the year ago quarter, driven primarily by higher compensation, direct fund and G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 34%, primarily reflecting higher incentive compensation driven by higher operating income and performance fees and higher deferred compensation, reflecting the impact of additional grants associated with prior year compensation and certain compensation arrangements related to a previous acquisition. Direct fund expense increased 30% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average index AUM. G&A expense was up $73 million or 19% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher technology portfolio services and marketing spend. Sequentially, G&A expense was down $124 million, reflecting the impact of approximately $180 million of product launch costs incurred in the first quarter, partially offset by higher technology and marketing spend. Intangible amortization expense increased $10 million year-over-year as a result of our Aperio acquisition. Our second quarter as adjusted operating margin of 44.9% was up 120 basis points from a year ago, benefiting in part from significant equity market improvements over the last year.  BlackRock has never been positioned -- has never been better positioned to take advantage of the opportunities before us. And we remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business, including through prudent use of our balance sheet, and then to return excess cash to shareholders. We see incredible opportunity to make Aladdin the language of all portfolios and are investing to evolve Aladdin for its next leg of growth. As Larry will discuss in more detail, during the second quarter, we announced a partnership with Baringa, including the acquisition of their industry-leading climate change scenario model, which will enhance Aladdin Climate's capabilities and set a new standard for climate analytics.  In addition, yesterday we announced a minority investment in SpiderRock Advisors, a tech enabled asset manager, focused on providing professionally managed option overlay strategies. This investment adds incremental product capabilities to our recent acquisition of Aperio and extends our market leading personalized SMA franchise. We also repurchased an additional $300 million worth of shares in the second quarter and stand by previous guidance as it relates to share repurchases for the remainder of the year. As we discussed at Investor Day, our strong and resilient platform has never been better positioned to deliver for clients as we leverage our scale, unique insights and solutions orientation to meet their long-term investment needs. Quarterly net inflows of $81 billion reflected continued momentum across our entire investment business, especially in our ETF and active platforms. Our ETFs generated net inflows of $75 billion in the second quarter, representing 11% annualized organic asset and base fee growth. We also crossed $3 trillion in assets globally for the first time. Core equity and higher fee precision ETFs continued to generate strong inflows, particularly in international equities. However, most of our growth this quarter came from the strategic category led by continued strength in our sustainable ETFs and renewed strength in fixed income, as well as steady positive flows into factor and thematic ETFs. Retail net inflows of $21 billion representing 9% annualized organic asset growth and 10% annualized organic base fee growth were positive in both the U.S. and internationally and across all major asset classes. Inflows continued to reflect broad based strength across the entirety of our active platform, and we remain well-positioned to capture demand for both active equities and an investor appetite for yield where our diversified fixed income range, including unconstrained high yield international and broad market strategies is equipped to meet client demand in any rate environment. BlackRock's institutional active net inflows of $43 billion were led by $35 billion of multi-asset net inflows, largely driven by a significant outsource CIO mandate from a U.K. pension client. As Larry will also discuss, BlackRock is uniquely positioned to deliver customized hold portfolio solutions by capitalizing on our global scale, expertise and investment technology in risk management and focus on sustainability. During the second quarter, we also saw continued demand for active fixed income and the liquid alternatives and LifePath target data offerings. Institutional index net outflows of $80 billion were impacted by the previously mentioned single client redemption during the quarter. Outflows from index equities were partially offset by inflows into fixed income, as clients rebalanced portfolios after significant equity market gains were sought to immunize portfolios through LDI strategies. Despite overall asset net outflows across BlackRock's institutional franchise for the quarter, annualized organic base fee growth was 6% as net inflows into higher fee active and alternative strategies more than offset the de minimis base fee impact of low fee index equity outflows. Overall, BlackRock generated approximately $63 billion in quarterly active net flows across the platform, notching our ninth consecutive quarter of positive active equity flows. Demand for alternatives also continued, with nearly $7 billion of net inflows into liquid and illiquid alternative strategies during the quarter, driven by single strategy hedge funds, fund of hedge funds solutions, real assets, private credit, and private equity solutions. Fundraising momentum remain strong, and we have approximately $31 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients and a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform continued to grow, generating $23 billion of net inflows in the second quarter, driven by both prime and U.S. government money market funds. Despite facing net zero returns in both the U.S. and Europe, client demand for cash strategies remained strong, given the significant liquidity in the financial system and by helping clients manage their cash, we are building broader and deeper strategic relationships. Our continued strong performance is a direct result of a thoughtful growth strategy that has been well executed by a talented group of purpose-driven employees who live the one BlackRock culture each day. We are thankful for their tremendous effort and contributions to our success over these last 18 months. We will continue to embrace change and invest responsibly for the future, so that we can meet the needs of all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call. We are once again reporting earnings today from our headquarters in New York City, and I'm happy to see more and more of our colleagues in the office in recent weeks and I remain cautiously optimistic for a gradual return to having people back in the office and a little normalcy. After more than a year of virtual meetings, I spent the last few weeks meeting with clients in-person again. I also spoke at the G20 in Venice on Sunday about sustainability and climate change, and it was great to be back on the road. Our business is built on listening to the people we serve and understanding their needs. And there is no substitute for meeting face-to-face with people to hear directly from them about their investment challenges, their opportunities, and what lie ahead for them. It is through these conversations that we're able to build a deeper relationship with our clients across their whole portfolio and to ensure BlackRock is always evolving and staying current and staying in front of their needs. This longstanding client centric approach is powering consistently strong results for the benefit of all our stakeholders. Total net inflows of $81 billion in the second quarter, representing a 10% organic base fee growth were driven by continued momentum and strategic growth areas. We saw client demand in our ETF and illiquid alternatives are active and sustainable strategies, as well as our scaled cash management solutions. And we developed 14% year-over-year growth in technology services revenues, as clients increasingly turned to Aladdin. We have now delivered organic base fee growth in excess of our 5% target for five consecutive quarters, including 13% over the last 12 months from over $500 billion of net inflows. This is driving strong financial performance, and I'm very confident that we have significant room to grow, as we are partnering with more clients on larger and more comprehensive mandates than ever before in our history. The global economic restart continues to broaden in the second quarter as vaccinations were rolled out and some countries are gradually reopening. With significant amounts of cash still in the sidelines, markets are anticipating continued growth near-term, despite the potential for various restrictions in certain regions, certain countries due to the variant. We have seen equity markets rally year-to-date with most indexes up over 10% for the first half of the year and hitting record highs. We look ahead to the remainder of the year and beyond. Inflation concerns top of mind for investors who need to assess the potential impact on their portfolios. Debate remains as to whether this inflation will be transitory or structural and central banks will need to balance their monetary policy decisions alongside expansive fiscal policy by so many governments. In this environment, clients are looking for scaled partners who have a deeper understanding of the global picture and a platform that can construct portfolios tailored for their needs and for their future goals. They're turning the BlackRock to help them navigate uncertainty. They're turning the BlackRock to invest more opportunistically and they're turning BlackRock to help them plan for their future and our deliberate investment over many years to build a resilient and scaled asset management and technology platform is helping them in their needs. And we are delivering for them. Building on what we laid out at our Investor Day last month, we remained focused on consistently improving and investing ahead of our client's needs and the biggest growth areas of the future. And ETFs, the benefit of our investments over time are showing up through accelerated momentum across the franchise. In June client assets and our ETF past $3 trillion globally, driven by second quarter net inflows of $75 billion. It took 15 years for iShares to get to $1 trillion in assets. It took iShares only five years to get to $2 trillion in assets. And it just most recently took iShares only two years to get to $3 trillion. Importantly, the more majority of this growth at each milestone has been organic, as more investors are you using ETFs in more ways. They are using the built whole portfolios. There are using iShares to invest beyond traditional market cap weighted indexes, and they're using iShares more than ever before to access the bond markets efficiently. Our ETFs grew across each of our core, our strategic and precision product categories, whether with more than half of our net inflows coming from our strategic categories, led by fixed income and sustainable ETFs. We saw more than $22 billion of net inflows into our fixed income ETFs as investors sought more efficient ways to access fixed income and turn to us for a more broad range exposure, including Chinese bonds, multi-sector municipal bonds, inflation leaked ETFs. We now manage more than $700 billion in fixed income ETFs, and continue to believe that this category will grow to a $1 trillion by 2024 as fixed income ETF modernize the $100 trillion bond market. Momentum in sustainable ETFs remained strong, with another $14 billion of net inflows in the second quarter. Including the launches of our low carbon transition readiness ETF, we have seen $30 billion in net inflows into sustainable ETFs in the first half of 2021 compared to $46 billion in all of 2020. With nearly $120 billion of sustainable ETFs, BlackRock has four times the size of the next sustainable ETF player. And we are incredibly well-positioned for the future for our client's needs in this fast growing category. Demand for sustainable strategy is accelerating from investors worldwide in both index and active. Within active sustainable strategies, we saw $4 billion of net inflows in this second quarter. Sustainable investments offer significant opportunities to generate alpha for clients. And we are focused on innovating ahead of their needs. For example, we announced last week the first close for the Climate Finance Partnership, we'll invest in Climate infrastructure across emerging markets. This strategy is a great example of how public and private sectors can come together to deliver positive environmental and socially impact for communities and attractive risk adjusted returns for clients, including global institutional investors, for governments and for philanthropies. BlackRock's broader active platform is playing an increasingly important role in our client's portfolios. And we're seeing the benefits of our investment in our growth and our investment performance. We generated $63 billion of active net inflows in the second quarter across equities, fixed income, multi-assets and alternative strategies. This growth is outpacing that of the $70 trillion active management industry, as we continue to captive active market share. Long-term investment performance is strong with over 85% of our fundamental active equities, systematic active equities, taxable fixed income assets outperforming the benchmark or peer mediums over the past five years. By delivering durable alpha for clients, we remain well-positioned to continue to generate growth in active strategies. More clients are looking to outsource their entire portfolio, as regulations intensify, operating costs rise and investing grows more complex. They want customized solutions, spanning active index alternatives powered by sophisticated technology and risk management. The breadth of BlackRock's investment platform, our portfolio construction expertise and our Aladdin technology uniquely positions us to meet these client's needs. We are honored to be entrusted to manage the over $30 billion of pension assets for British Airways in the second quarter, through the creation of a bustle bespoke investment and service model. This partnership represents the largest of its kind in the U.K. pension fund, and we believe it will be a catalyst for more transformational change in the industry. We manage over $200 billion in OCIO assets today, and believe that trend towards outsourcing will only continue to accelerate. We are also seeing demand for personalization growing more among the financial advisors and our wealth clients. And we're continuing to invest behind the democratization of tax efficient, personalized portfolios and scale. BlackRock is partnering with financial intermediaries and providing model portfolios, which utilize our broad range of iShares ETFs and actively managed funds, as well as separately managed account strategies across alpha, factor investing and index investing. Building on our acquisition of Aperio, we recently announced a minority investment in SpiderRock Advisors, which will further enhance our ability to provide wealth managers and financial advisors who tax efficient, personalized portfolios and risk management solutions. This is another major step we are taking to advance our market leading franchise in personalizing and personalization of SMAs. Alongside ETFs, SMA is continue to see high growth rates as advisors and personalization and tax management to wealth client portfolios. BlackRock is the second largest SMA provider today with over $200 billion in assets, including Aperio. And we remain focused on investing in a comprehensive platform of solutions and customization capabilities for the wealth management market. BlackRock's commitment to evolve and to meet our client's needs is recently most evident in sustainability. As we adapt to the fundamental restructuring that the energy transition is driving across the economy, we are investing across products, data, technology capabilities, so we can help clients address their impact of sustainable factors on their portfolios and help them capture significant client demand for sustainable solutions. Last year, we began developing Aladdin Climate to fill need in climate risk analytics and to help investors better understand and act on climate risk. Aladdin Climate measures at both the asset and portfolio levels, the impact of physical risks, like extreme weather event and transition risks such as policy changes, new technologies and energy supply. In June, we will further -- in June we further advanced Aladdin Climate through a new partnership with Baringa. The combination of Baringa's climate transition risk models and Aladdin's financial and physical risk models will provide investors with the ability to better understand and customize their risks -- their climate risk exposures. This partnership is a significant milestone in the build-out of Aladdin Climate and will set a new bar in the industry for climate analytics and risk management tools. We're also committed to bringing the benefits our global platform to clients around the world by deepening our local infrastructure. We're investing in people who speak every language to understand local markets and regulations, and have insight into how the changing world intersects with each of our client's goals. This includes investing in the leading -- excuse me -- this includes investing in -- to be the leading global asset manager in China. Rapid economic development and wealth accumulation in the world's second largest economy has propelled the growth of the $9 trillion Chinese domestic asset management industry. Earlier this year, we obtained our wealth management joint venture license. And last month we received our fund management company license. We are the first global asset manager firm to obtain this type of license. We are now well-positioned to extend the breadth of our investment solutions and insights to all our clients segments across China and help more people transition their savings to investments in China, including in preparation for their retirement. With more than half of BlackRock's assets linked to retirement, we are incredibly focused on innovating and helping our clients address the retirement crisis around the world. Client demand for our LifePath target date funds remain strong, with $17 billion of net inflows year-to-date representing a 10% organic growth and outpacing the entire industry. The need for retirement income and retirement is also accelerating. A recent study BlackRock conducted found that nearly 90% of the participants across every generation want a retirement income solution and 96% of plan sponsors feels responsibility for helping their participants generate and manage their income in retirement. BlackRock is developing LifePath Paycheck to address it global -- this growing need. And we're already seeing strong commercial demand with several initial client commitments and support from an institutional and an investment consultant. The incredible momentum we are seeing across our entire platform is a direct result of our dedicated employee base. I have never been prouder of BlackRock's nearly 17,000 employees. I have seen their commitment to our clients and to each other in incredible ways throughout this pandemic. And in recognition of this hard work and to have them share in BlackRock's growth and success, we are investing in our employees through an 8% raise in base salary compensation for all employees up to and including director levels as of September 1, 2021. We strive the cultivated environment at BlackRock where employees feel supported and have a diverse and inclusive environment where they can thrive and grow and build a career in life. After a period like no others in the firm's history, BlackRock has never been better positioned for the future. My recent trips to Europe and the Middle East to meet with our clients have only further validated our differentiated positioning and our approach to building deeper, broader relationships with our clients. We have always led by listening to our clients and hearing what they want, what they need, and through that -- through anticipation and embracing change and innovating and staying in front of our client's needs, that has what driven us going forward. Our fiduciary focus has guided the deliberate -- our deliberateness in terms of investments we have made to build a more resilient asset manager and a more resilient technology platform by anticipating and staying in front of our client's needs. And we will continue to deliver industry leading growth to benefit all our stakeholders for the long-term. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Ken Worthington with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Ken. 
Kenneth Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I'd love to dig in further into direct indexing and customized SMAs. So, maybe first, can you give us some additional color and how SpiderRock compliments customize SMAs in your direct indexing capabilities at Aperio? And then you highlighted in your prepared remarks number of times the importance of retirement solutions. So, should we see Aperio and SpiderRock capabilities permeating the retirement management part of your business? And if so, what does this mean for LifePath and its evolution over time?
Laurence Fink: We'd have Rob start off and then -- Rob 
Rob Kapito: So, as you know more clients are looking for personalization and that's what we're seeing in direct indexing. And we are -- our combination with Aperio, which Larry had mentioned, actually enhances our ability to deliver personalized tax manage SMAs and gives us a two-plus-year acceleration in that space, while we continue to organically build additional capabilities for different client segments. So, BlackRock's core SMA capabilities historically were in actively managed equities, fixed income, and multi-asset. Aperio brings experience in building index-based highly custom investment solutions. So, these are our complimentary businesses and they enhance our value proposition for a whole portfolio SMAs across equity and fixed income in alpha factors and index solutions. So, with over $200 billion in SMAs, including Aperio BlackRock is a market leading whole portfolio sponsor. And with the prospect of higher income and capital gains taxes, we've now built a pipeline of over $6 billion in potential new Aperio mandates just since the transaction closed. So, this is an example of how we are getting more into the personalization and direct indexing. And of course, ETF and direct index compliment the tech that we are investing in and building it.
Laurence Fink: Ken, on target date in LifePath and LifePath Paycheck, we put a great deal of energy on LifePath Paycheck. We are in a position now, working with many different plans and we see this revolutionizing the 401k DB plans, corporate plans. We are in discussion with many, many corporations. And I think we have a lot of future growth and a lot of future announcements in terms of our positioning there. This is actually quite separate from what we're doing in the customized side related to Aperio. But we believe this is going to change the retirement business. And we are -- we have worked with all the consulting firms. We have buy recommendations on this from across many of the consulting firms. We are in dialogue with many, many of the plans and we hope in the next few quarters to have some very significant announcements related to the success we are seeing in LifePath Paycheck, which will be changing, as I said. And this is BlackRock responding to the future needs of our clients. So, I think when we are able to announce this with the clients, this is going to really identify how retirement is going to be reshaped and why the need for more of a -- more certainty during retirement -- during the deep accumulation period of time, why that is so important, why there is such urgency around that.  And we are very proud of the R&D work that we did over the many, many years now. And now in these private conversations, we -- it is really resonating more than ever before with our clients across the United States. And hopefully this could be something that we could expand beyond the United States, but this is going to be some -- a significant part of our whole foundation. And the last thing I would just say related to the LifePath target date franchise, we're up to now $370 billion alone without even talking about the LifePath Paycheck. And so, this is going to continue to accelerate where we're taking market share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. I had a question on ETF adoption. I know you covered a lot of this in the Investor Day, but I had a follow-up here. Which client verticals do you think provide iShares the most one to three or upside? And have you seen any significant rise or decline in demand among any declined segments over the last six months? And I'm thinking some of the bigger ones like U.S. RAA, insurance and retail.
Rob Kapito: So good question, Craig. You know that we have said over and over that we see significant room for continued growth in ETFs. And the penetration of the equity and bond markets is still very low. We expect generational shifts to unlock a lot of new growth, especially whole portfolios where ETFs in fee-based are around 11%, new investment capabilities like ESG and overall capital markets replacements where we're seeing ETFs that are about 5% of the total market and 1% of the bond market. We expect to give you a number to throw out by 2025 that ETFs are going to more than double to $15 trillion. And even at that level, we would still be a small part of the markets in which we compete, which is why we think there are decades of growth. And we fully intend to be the market leader in revenue growth and truly organic client driven flows and in total assets as this evolves. And we recognize that we have to offer choice in the vehicles that we show clients, but ETFs, I believe are going to lead in that. So, there are some key client segments. One is Europe, which is adopting very, very quickly. The wealth area through model portfolios of again, of which we are a leader is showing a huge growth. And certainly in institutional clients, primarily in fixed income is showing growth. And then another segment sustainable, which you heard about which we are -- the leader is also showing growth. So, what makes our ETF platform unique relative to any competitor is its diversity and broad client base. So, for example, our global client base is made up of self-directed investors, wealth managers, pensions, insurers, and active managers. We have the most diversified platform with $2.3 trillion in the U.S. and $650 billion in Europe. And $2.3 trillion in equity and $700 billion in fixed income. So you can see how this matches up against the client segments I talked about.  And most importantly, which may be overlooked, we provide the most secondary market liquidity. So, U.S. iShares traded almost $9 trillion in 2020 versus $7 trillion in 2019 and EMEA iShares traded $0.2 trillion in 2020 versus $1 trillion in 2019. So, this along with our precision exposures, which are often unique to us while that has been a drag in prior years, are actually a driver of our strong revenue growth this quarter. So, we're excited about the growth specifically in the segments that we are a leader in today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, good morning, Larry. Good morning, everybody. I was hoping you guys could flush out the expense dynamics a little bit in the quarter, as well as look out further in a year. Obviously, very strong revenue environment, revenues up 25% in the first half. But the comp rate is actually up, on a year-over-year basis for the first half as well. Now, I know performance fees tend to skew that upward sometimes. So maybe help us think through the rest of the year. And then just big picture, your framework around expense management and margins. Thanks.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Alex. It's Gary. Good morning. So, let's break it down maybe individually. So, in terms of the comp side, we talked about comp being up about 34% and that primarily reflected higher incentive compensation. And you correctly pointed out that incentive compensation is very much tied to both profitability and performance. And so as we saw higher operating income and performance fees that that definitely ticked up. But we also saw higher deferred compensation year-over-year. That was up by about a $100 million year-over-year. And I'd say there's really two things there. One is, is more ongoing, which is the ongoing impact of additional grants associated with last year's compensation. Obviously, we defer a significant component of current compensation for retention. And last year saw a rather large level of deferrals, especially as it related to performance fees and the level of performance fees last year. That was -- I'd say that's probably about 60% or so percent of that increase. But there was also a one-time, what I would call a crystallization and acceleration of certain compensatory arrangements tied to the success of one of our historical acquisitions. That was probably about $35 million or about 70 basis points on the comp ratio that ultimately should migrate away. Now that that has been settled out. So that's it on comp as I would think about it. Obviously, Larry mentioned the base salary increases, which is more a function of going forward. And he talked all about recognizing the accomplishments of our tremendous employees over the last 18 months. I don't expect that to have a very significant impact on our financials this year, but it could be, given its effective date of September 1st, let's call it roughly 20 basis points or thereabouts on both comp and margin impact on a purely isolated basis for the rest of the year. In terms of G&A, we have -- I think we gave you some guidance at the beginning of the year. We've made no reductions to the discretionary investment spending plans in terms of G&A spend and hiring that we originally budgeted for the year and that we referenced on our call. I think, much as others are, I think we're probably hiring a little slower than we had anticipated. And we're working on that to make sure we can get the employee support to support our growth plans. But we would, as I think is somewhat customary for us anticipate our overall level of G&A spend to be higher in the second half, especially around such areas, like marketing, technology. And then as Larry mentioned, if people get back to traveling, obviously we haven't had a lot of T&E in the first part of the year, but the potential for that I think exists for next year.  And I think -- so broadly speaking, that's it on the comp. There was kind of that one-time issue and on the G&A side, again, our plans are generally exactly the same as we laid them out to you at the beginning of the year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Patrick.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. Hey, hi everyone. It's obviously hard to handicap the chances of a change in the capital gains tax rate at this point, but are you guys seeing any change in either retail or institutional behavior change in conversations around that concern via specific gain harvesting, or just wanting to talk about options? Should it come through?
Laurence Fink: So not really. I mean, look at, maybe that is one of the reasons that Rob Kapito talked about the personalization and customization of tax efficient strategies. I think across the board, the awareness of after tax returns are becoming more dominant in the RRA channels. But I don't think it's -- excuse me -- I don't think it's reflective yet, and I don't think people are motivated or seeing any real changes in behaviors related to the potentiality of these changes in taxes. But I think there is just a much greater awareness, as the ability now to create customized, personalized tax efficient portfolios. And I think that's what's going to be driven. Rob, do you have anything to add?
Rob Kapito: No. I'd say it's another reason why people are moving towards ETFs, which are much more a tax efficient tool than the typical mutual fund is that they are in. So, actually it's another growth area for ETFs.
Operator: And your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Laurence Fink: Hey, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Good morning. Larry, you mentioned that you were having some of the largest conversations or big mandates with clients in previous history. And I was just curious, are you used to give a backlog number on these calls and obviously you're much bigger and more diverse today, but hoping you can help us size you kind of more near term potential flow picture or those dialogues in the kind of size those mandates. So we can think about the potential there.
Laurence Fink: Yeah. Well, you're right. We don't do that and we're not going to do that at this call. But I think when you think about -- and I -- when I referenced the British Airways CI [ph] mandate, we believe this is going to be -- this is just the beginning of more focus on the virtues and the value proposition of -- for these pension funds to rethink how it's organized. Should it be done under a platform like BlackRock and then do we create the efficiencies? And most importantly, are we -- can we have a better fiduciary outcome on behalf of their participants? All of this is about their participants and can we provide a better outcome for the participants? And I really do believe -- we are thinking of that. But we have had some very large wins with a few other clients in the last few quarters. We are in large dialogue with many more, but I want to underscore what the transformation of LifePath Paycheck could be too. These are going to be -- these could be some very large opportunities to, and having the defined contribution business being reimagined and rethought. And that is how we framed it. How can we reimagine and provide better certainty to the participants, how can we provide better outcomes, and how can that lead to a better closeness between the employer and the employees, and how can they build deeper bonds when the employees are retired during deaccumulation period of time. These are broad based solutions that we've been focusing on. No different than the broad based solutions we focus on the needs of focusing on climate in portfolios across the board. And so, I believe what we are -- what you're seeing in the past related to above trend line growth above 5% organic growth is because of these deepening relationships across the board. And as I concluded in my speech, I do believe we are going to continue to see this type of elevated opportunity. And it's because we are so relentlessly focused on how to think about our clients, and help them become better at what they're doing. And I truly believe whatever the outcome of British Air and the other measure that we talked about. And I would say with the strong performance that we've had in our active platform flows generally follow. And when you can have -- no firm can have this, when you could have a dialogue where you are agnostic about the role of index assets, like ETFs and active assets, and then focusing on whether it's tax efficient portfolio strategies, or focusing on a sustainability overlay, or now focusing on outcomes related to more certainty during deaccumulation periods of time. This is what's driving the flows. And this is what I think is differentiating BlackRock, that we are spending more time. We're investing -- as Gary talked about our investments in the future. These are the type of investments we're making and making sure that we are staying in front of the needs of client and providing something unique and differentiated. And I do believe that is resonating more and more. And let me just leave it at that.
Operator: And then your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Bill. 
William Katz: Good morning everybody. Can you hear me okay?
Laurence Fink: Yeah. Perfectly.
William Katz: Okay. Wonderful. Thank you. So, thank you for taking the question this morning. Great update. Maybe a two part -- I'm sorry. That's two questions, but sort of interesting things going on. One, Larry, at what point do you start to think about upgrading your 5% organic growth rate? It seems like everything you're talking about here has just very powerful and long tail opportunity. And then somewhat unrelatedly, but just sort of following up on your last conversation on the Paycheck opportunity, where is that share coming from? Thank you.
Laurence Fink: I'm going to let Gary answer that because Gary, as a CFO is the one who really -- is the tethering of our platform. And he is also our -- he provides the balance between me and him. And so, I love him, Gary?
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Larry. Greatly appreciate that thought. So, look Bill, I think that it won't surprise you to hear a lot of the same answers that I've traditionally given you on that. I think we feel very good about our organic growth potential going forward. I think it reflects the platform we've built. I think it reflects global reach, full range of investment capabilities, integrated risk, great performance. But as you know, growth is also somewhat tied to markets in particular. And I think some of the growth that we're seeing today, clearly as a result of the type of environment that we're in. And so, we try not to get too focused on a particular environment, but really look across cycles. And I think if you look at what we've done over the last five years, we've actually averaged the amount of 5% organic base fee growth over the last five years. And while we've actually -- I think really the more important piece of this is not how fast we necessarily grow in a more risk on environment, although I know Larry doesn't like that term. I think the reality is that when we see the markets fall back, we stay positive. And so even in tough markets, like 2016 and 2018 where the industry was roundly negative, we were still in positive territory. And I think I would also remind you that, look, the industry is basically right around 3% in terms of where everyone thinks the industry more broadly is going to grow. So at 5% we're already growing, if you will, at a 60%-plus premium to where we think the industry is. And we feel very comfortable with that, because of our breadth, because of our solutions orientation and our technology platform. I think we feel very good about both secular growth more broadly, and maintaining share in places like ETF. We feel like we have a ton of room to run in places like illiquid, where the market is growing and we're generally still low single digit share. When we think our investment performance positions as well to continue to play a major role in active. So, for the moment, until we get through this cycle and see where we come out the other side, 5% is the target and we feel very good about our performance going forward relative to that.
Laurence Fink: LifePath Paycheck, as I try to frame, it is U.S. based so specifically -- but we're redefining defined contribution business in the United States. I think that's what it is. But globally it was -- retirement is a $70 trillion -- has a big gap. We need to rethink retirement as we moved away from DB, but we need to find better ways of creating more certainty in a defined contribution world. I think this is one of the big problems we have in our society today, the uncertainty of retirement. And this is one of the problems that we've been focusing on for years and years and years to try to find a way to have something closer to a defined benefit, but having it still being in a defined contribution way. And I think there's just great opportunities. And we're having robust conversations on this, Bill. And I think it's going to reshape or reimagine or redefine the defined contribution business.
Operator: And your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just had a question here on Aladdin. I was just hoping you could update us on the pipeline. I recall in the past you had spoken about a slowdown in implementations, but given the recovery here, the reopening, just curious if you think we can see that accelerate? And then also on the technology services revenue, I think that was up about 14% in the quarter, but the ACV was up a bit higher than that. So, I was just hoping you could help unlock some of the moving pieces there between your ACV definition and the technology services. I think your ACV excludes some of the consulting fees and implementation fees, just hoping you might be able to quantify how much that is relative to the overall technology services line. Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks Mike. So, again, we're not going to get very specific on pipelines, but we will give you some tonality on Aladdin growth rate. So, I think as we've talked about, there's clearly increased client demand accelerated by COVID for comprehensive whole portfolio solutions that involve greater systemization, fewer vendor relationships as a number of financial service companies and other insurers, asset managers, and funds try to minimize their costs. And more importantly, trying to basically take down the number of data sources that they're relying on. We feel that growth going forward is going to be a function of a number of things, but it's going to be primarily gaining new clients, expanding relationships with existing clients, expanding the platform through enhanced functionality and products, and obviously under -- expanding into under penetrated geographies, most notably, Europe and Asia. With that, what we've said at Investor Day, and we'll continue to reinforce is given all of that, that our pipeline is as strong as it's ever been. And we continue to reaffirm our low to mid teens growth rate for technology services revenue. As it relates to ACV, ACV was up 16%. And as you correctly note, we do have -- we're migrating a bunch of the eFront business over to Aladdin in terms of its hosted model, as opposed to its traditional model, that does, as you say, have different accounting ramifications. And so, we decided to put ACV out as a key performance metric, because we think it better reflects the overall momentum of the business, and takes away some of the timing and accounting changes from migrating models over. So, ACV was up 16%. And I think as you also correctly note, that's probably a little faster than we would expect the longer term to be given our target. And I think that's a function of some of the business coming through today at a more rapid rate, that was delayed from a year ago in the early days of the pandemic, as we highlighted a longer sales cycles and contracting periods. So, we're definitely seeing a little bit of an acceleration there, but again, reaffirming our low to mid teens growth outlook.
Laurence Fink: I would just add one thing or two things. One is -- and there's a lot of this before my meetings in Europe last week, the demand for data and analytics on sustainability is going to grow exponentially. And this is why we've been so aggressive in terms of building out our analytics data across the board. And I do believe this is going to be a major sleeve and major opportunity for Aladdin. Aladdin Climate is going to be a major component of Aladdin, and we believe having the differentiating data and analytics is going to be further -- why clients are going to be looking to add on Aladdin across our portfolio. The way -- what we've witnessed since the acquisition of eFront to the need for data and analytics related to alternatives and across all the alternatives space integrated in a comprehensive data and risk analytic environment is really, really important. So, if you overlay the movement into capital markets and client demand and alternatives, if you overlay the demand for clients that related to sustainability and climate, that's going to be a major change and that's going to be a major component of it. And that's why some method tutorial [ph] is now having that role, and helping us drive Aladdin Climate. So, as you moves away from our client relationships. I'd leave it with that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining the call this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock. Our second quarter results, again, are a result of the steadfast commitment of focusing on our clients first and importantly, thinking and investing and anticipating their needs in the future. I see a tremendous opportunity ahead and BlackRock's full focus remains on the long-term fiduciary commitment to all our clients worldwide. We will continue to invest in our business so we could deliver that long-term value for our stakeholders and lead the asset management industry and the many, many years ahead. Thank you again and have a great remainder part of the summer. And unless everybody hope to have a great third quarter, talk to you then. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Incorporated First Quarter 2021 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.  So, with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris and good morning everyone. I hope everyone and their families are remaining safe and healthy. It's my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2021. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer this comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. BlackRock's platform has been built over time to help clients meet their objectives regardless of market environment or risk appetite. We've invested for years to develop industry-leading franchises in high growth areas, such as ETFs, private markets, technology, and more recently sustainable investing, so we can help clients construct resilient, whole portfolios that leverage both active and index capabilities. While few of us could have predicted that we would still be confronting the human and economic challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic a year later, the events of the past year have only strengthened our resolve to continue to invest for future growth in order to evolve our business, live our purpose and meet the needs of all of our stakeholders, including clients, employees, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate. The investments BlackRock has consistently made to build a best-in-class investment in technology platform centered around a fiduciary mindset where clients always come first in a collaborative and unifying one BlackRock culture that encourages emotional ownership are driving incredible momentum across our entire business. BlackRock generated record net inflows of $172 billion in the first quarter, our fourth consecutive quarter with over $100 billion in quarterly inflows, representing 8% annualized organic asset growth and 14% annualized organic base fee growth. Strong performance from our entire active franchise, once again, contributed to this quarter's robust organic fee growth. Over the last 12 months, our broad-based platform pairing diverse investment capabilities with best-in-class technology and rigorous risk management has now generated over $525 billion of total net inflows, representing 14% organic base fee growth, well in excess of our 5% long-term target. First quarter revenue of $4.4 billion increased 19% year-over-year, while operating income of $1.5 billion rose 21% and reflected the impact of approximately $180 million of costs associated with the launch of the nearly $5 billion BlackRock Innovation and Growth Trust, our largest closed-end fund ever in late March. Earnings per share of $7.77 was up 18% compared to a year ago, also reflecting lower non-operating income and a higher effective tax rate, partially offset by a lower diluted share count in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter included $8 million of net investment income as gains in our co-investment portfolio were largely offset by the mark-to-market impact of our minority stake in Envestnet. Our as adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 21% and included $39 million of discrete tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards that vest in the first quarter of each year. We continue to estimate the 23% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2021, so the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation during the year. First quarter base fee and securities lending revenue of $3.6 billion was up 18% year-over-year, primarily driven by strong organic base fee growth and the positive impact of market beta and foreign exchange movements on average AUM, partially offset by higher discretionary money market fee waivers, lower securities lending revenue, and the effect of one less day in the current quarter and strategic pricing investments over the last year. Sequentially, base fee and securities lending revenue was up 6%. On an equivalent day count basis, our effective fee rate was essentially flat compared to the fourth quarter, a strong organic base fee growth driven by our higher fee active businesses more than offset higher discretionary money market fee waivers and lower securities lending revenue in the current quarter. Performance fees of $129 million were up significantly from a year ago, reflecting strong performance in our liquid alternative and long-only investment platforms and the impact of COVID related market volatility a year ago. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 12% from a year ago. Annual contract value, or ACV, increased 16% year-over-year, reflecting particularly strong growth from the first quarter of 2020, which was impacted by slower sales and contracting disruption in the early days of the pandemic. We remain committed to low to mid teens growth in ACV over the long-term Aladdin's resilience has been a key differentiator throughout the COVID crisis, and client demand remains strong. As Larry will discuss in more detail, we see tremendous opportunity to continue building out Aladdin's climate and sustainability risk analytics and data capabilities, making it central to constructing sustainable portfolios of the future. Advisory and other revenue was down $33 million year-over-year, primarily reflecting the absence of PennyMac equity method earnings following the charitable contribution of our remaining equity stake in the first quarter of 2020, as well as lower transition management revenue in the current quarter. Total expense increased 17% versus the year ago quarter, driven primarily by higher compensation, direct fund and non-core G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 24%, primarily reflecting higher incentive compensation driven by higher operating income and performance fees and higher deferred compensation, reflecting additional grants and the mark-to-market impact of certain deferred compensation programs relative to depressed levels a year ago. Approximately 80% of the increase in our compensation to revenue ratio year-over-year was attributable to this mark-to-market impact on certain deferred compensation programs. Direct fund expense increased 16% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average index AUM. G&A expense was up $32 million year-over-year, and the $111 million sequentially reflecting approximately $180 million of previously disclosed closed-end fund launch costs. Recall that we exclude the impact of these product launch costs when reporting our as adjusted operating margin. Year-over-year G&A comparisons were also impacted by approximately $155 million of non-core G&A expense in the first quarter of 2020, which included closed-end fund launch costs, contingent consideration fair value adjustments and costs related to certain legal matters. On a core basis, quarterly G&A expense was essentially flat year-over-year, as higher portfolio services and technology expense was offset by lower T&E, marketing spend and professional fees. Quarterly G&A expense also benefited from a delay in planned spending in a number of areas, which we expect to incur over the remainder of the year. And tangible amortization expense increased $9 million year-over-year as a result of the acquisition of Aperio, which closed on February 1st. Our first quarter as adjusted operating margin of 44.4% was up 270 basis points from a year ago, benefiting in part from significantly lower level of non-core G&A expense versus a year ago and the delayed timing of certain investments spend in the current quarter. As we stated in January, our business has never been better positioned to take advantage of the opportunities before us, and we remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. We continue to see numerous opportunities to invest for growth, including sustainable investing, private markets, technology, and China, and intend to pursue these opportunities responsibly. Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We continue to invest through prudent use of our balance sheet to best position BlackRock for continued success, through seed and co-investments to support organic growth and through tactical M&A and strategic minority investments to accelerate our growth ambitions. During the first quarter, we closed our acquisition of Aperio, and as Larry will discuss in more detail, announced a partnership with Temasek to co-invest in innovative decarbonization technology. We previously announced a 14% increase in our quarterly dividend to $4.13 per share of common stock and also repurchased $300 million worth of common shares in the first quarter. While we will remain opportunistic with respect to additional share repurchases during the year, there is no change to the minimum repurchase guidance we provided to you earlier this year. As you'll also hear from Larry, BlackRock has never been better positioned to deliver for clients as we leverage our unique insights, guidance, and solutions to help them meet their long-term investment needs. Record net inflows of $172 billion in the first quarter, including $133 billion of long-term flows reflect the strength of our broad-based franchise with positive flows across every asset class, investment style, client channel and region. Our iShares and BlackRock ETFs generated net inflows of $68 billion, representing 10% annualized organic asset and base fee growth. Results highlight the diversity of the product segments within our ETF franchise with growth led by continued strength in core equity and sustainable ETFs. We also saw strong flows into our higher feed liquid markets driven precision exposures, as clients continued to rerisk, particularly in international equities and tactically position their portfolios for the reopening of economies worldwide. First quarter fixed income ETF flows of $1.6 billion reflected demand for shorter term and floating rate bond exposures, which was largely offset by outflows from longer duration ETFs, especially LTV as investors reacted to the most significant steepening in the yield curve since 2013. These inflows, even with the drag from longer duration products, speak to the diversity of our fixed income ETF franchise, which will continue to benefit from strong long-term secular growth. Record retail net inflows of $37 billion, representing 17% annualized organic asset growth and 25% annualized organic base fee growth were positive in both the U.S. and internationally and across all major asset classes, including fixed. Inflows reflected broad-based strength across the entirety of our top performing active platform, which is well-positioned to capture resurging demand for active equities and investor appetite for yield, where our diversified fixed income range, including unconstrained high yield, international and broad market strategies are positioned to meet client demand in any rate environment. BlackRock's institutional active franchise generated $17 billion of net inflows led by continued growth into our LifePath target date and alternatives platforms. Institutional index net inflows of $11 billion once again reflected equity net outflows, which were more than offset by fixed income net inflows, as clients rebalanced portfolios after significant equity market gains or sought to immunize portfolios through LDI strategies. As previously discussed in January, we expect a large U.S. public pension client to transition approximately $55 billion of low fee index assets to another investment manager. This transition is likely to occur during the second quarter of 2021 and will have a de minimis impact on our organic base fee growth for the year. Across our retail and institutional client businesses, we generated a record $21 billion of active equity net inflows, representing our eighth consecutive quarter of positive flows in this category. Flows were led by top performing franchises in technology and Midcap growth, which benefited from the previously mentioned launch of the BlackRock Innovation and Growth closed-end fund. We remained well-positioned for future growth in our active businesses with over 80% of fundamental active equity, scientific active equity and taxable fixed income assets performing above their respective benchmarks or peer median for the trailing five-year period. Demand for alternatives were also continued, with nearly $9 billion of net inflows into liquid and illiquid alternative strategies during the quarter, driven by infrastructure, private equity solutions and liquid alternatives funds. Fundraising momentum remain strong, and we have approximately $27 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform continued to grow and outperform peers, generating almost $40 billion of net inflows in the first quarter and topping $700 billion in assets under management for the first time. During the first quarter, we incurred approximately $78 million of gross discretionary yield support waivers, and expect such discretionary fee waivers to persist for the near term, especially in light of the recent growth in our U.S. government fund franchise and the supply demand dynamics in the short dated U.S. treasury and repo markets. Future levels of discretionary fee waivers will be impacted by several factors, including the level of AUM and funds with existing waivers, gross yields and competitive positioning. Our strong performance over the last 12 months is a testament to our purpose, the strong execution of our strategy, the competence our clients place in us, and the hard work commitment and resilience of our employees. Our relationships with clients have never been deeper, and we will continue to invest responsibly from a position of strength to meet the needs of all of our stakeholders over the coming years. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning to everyone. And I want to thank all of you for joining the call. I hope you -- excuse me -- hope you and your loved ones are continuing to stay healthy and safe.  We are reporting earnings today from our headquarters in New York City, and I'm incredibly energized by being all together as a group, as a team, as partners. I'm cautiously optimistic for a return to normalcy in the coming months as vaccinations rollout. And I'm looking forward to seeing all of our stakeholders in person again. The strong results BlackRock saw this quarter or the outcome of a multiyear investments we've made in our asset management and technology platform to better serve our clients worldwide, more than ever before we are seeing the benefits of these long-term investments resonating. We have stronger results and deeper relationships with the clients across their entire portfolios. We generated $527 billion of net inflows and a record 14% organic base fee growth over the last 12 months, including a very strong 2021. Over a decade ago, we acquired iShares based on our conviction in the value proposition of ETFs. Our continuous investments in our platform since then to help more clients use ETF to build better portfolios have fueled iShares growth from $385 billion during the acquisition to more than $2.8 trillion today. We began expanding our alternative platform more than five years ago. And today, we manage nearly $200 billion in these strategies for all our clients. Our leadership in alternatives only just begun and we're seeing momentum accelerate, as we scale our offerings, as we source our capabilities and our integration of data and technology into the management of private markets assets. We've been investing in all aspects of our Aladdin Technology to better serve our client's needs. We saw demand for a unified whole portfolio of technology, and we enhanced Aladdin with eFront to offer portfolio construction and risk analytics capability in one view across all public and all private markets. We created an end-to-end platform that enables straight-through processing between the asset owners, the asset managers, the custodians through Aladdin provider. We created Aladdin Wealth to help financial advisors build better portfolios for millions of clients around the world. We recognize the growing impact of sustainability risks and the opportunities on our client's portfolios. And as I will discuss in more detail later on, we are investing to systematically integrate climate and broader sustainable factors across all our investment offerings and risk management processes. We manage over $200 billion in long-term sustainable assets today. And more recently as well, clients increasingly focus on the importance of after tax returns and their investment, we acquired Aperio to enhance BlackRock's ability to meet these client's needs. The investments we made and continue to make in our platform enables BlackRock to have a holistic perspective and a voice that resonates with our stakeholders. More clients than ever before are turning the BlackRock for insights and for guidance. They want to hear from us on topics such as how to position their portfolio for rising interest rates and inflation. How should they think about the U.S. deficits? How to think about the potential opportunities from new infrastructure policies, and how to invest for a net zero world? We're vocal on issues that are important to our stakeholders, like cultural issues that impact our employees, that policies that impact our communities. We speak loudly and work for all our stakeholders. The benefits of BlackRock's differentiating approach are clear in the strength and consistency of our results. As Gary told you, our total net inflows of $172 billion in the first quarter were diversified across all client types, asset classes, investment styles, and regions, and represented an 8% annualized organic asset growth and a record 14% annualized organic base fee growth. As a COVID-19 vaccine rollout continues and restrictions are eased, a significant acceleration of economic activity is anticipated, despite the consistently high numbers of cases around the world and now the introduction of many new variants. Investors are navigating their portfolio through uncertainty, such as the strength of the reopening, structural changes to the economies and fiscal policy and consequences for growth in inflation when activity is more fully restored. Interest rates coming off, historically lower levels have put pressure on fixed income assets and led to a rotation within equity from growth to value. Unlike the taper tantrum of 2013 however, the reason rising rates been gradual as investors look for greater compensation for holding longer duration bonds and investor appetite for risk assets remain very strong. There is a lot of money in motion today. The level of fiscal support we have seen over the past year is four times that of a global financial crisis, but many investors continue to keep significant amounts of cash on the sidelines. To reach their investment goals, they will need to deploy that money in solutions that provide yield and preservation of their assets. BlackRock has deliberately built our industry-leading fixed income business to meet client's needs regardless of the rate environment. Changing rates that manifest in rotating within fixed income and BlackRock diversified platform and strong active performance with 84% of our taxable fixed assets above benchmark appear medium for three-year period was well-positioned for the demand. We saw $17 billion in net inflows and active fixed income driven by unconstrained total return, municipals, international, and high yield bond funds. Client demand for active strategies continue to accelerate at BlackRock. BlackRock generated $59 billion of active net inflows across asset classes in the first quarter, including another record quarter for active equities. Strong active flows included the nearly $5 billion launch of the BlackRock Innovation and Growth Trust, the second largest ever closed-end fund launch in the United States by innovating and product structure, generating strong investment performance and offering strategies aligned with the needs of our clients. We are leading the turnaround of the closed-end fund IPO market. BlackRock strong active performance and flows are a direct result of these investments that I spoke about to build a platform with collaborative intelligence, advanced data and technologies in a whole portfolio approach. We have never, ever been more better positioned to deliver durable alpha for our clients. And I am confident we will continue to capture more demand for active strategies as we further strengthen our platform and invest in our platform. In liquid alternatives we are seeing the magnitude of client flows increase every year. In the first quarter, we generated a record $11 billion of inflows and commitments. Results spanning from private credit to infrastructure to private equity solutions, including the final close of inaugural $3 billion private equity secondary fund. Infrastructure investments will be a key component of long-term returns in client portfolios as governments launched long overdue infrastructure products and projects to restart their economies and build for a more resilient future. The $2 trillion infrastructure plan in the United States will create significant opportunities for putting capital to work in this asset class. Within infrastructure, renewables represent more than 50% of the transactions globally. And BlackRock is well-positioned with one of the industry's largest renewable power franchises. We recently closed the third vintage of our global renewable power fund raising nearly $5 billion, which is more than the first and second vintage combined. iShares and BlackRock ETF generated $68 billion of net inflows in the first quarter, the strongest start to a year in our history. Importantly, flows reflect the diversity of our ETF platform and the benefits of strategic investments we made over time to support the adaptation of ETFs. The evolution of new uses, the reduction in barriers like emissions and growth in areas such as model portfolios. The work we are doing to expand our sustainable iShares business is the great example of how we continue to innovate ahead of our client's needs. We generated $17 billion of net inflows in the quarter across the sustainable iShares spectrum from screens to thematic strategies. We recently crossed $100 billion of AUM in this category, up from $26 billion just a year ago. The global transition to a net zero economy will impact every company's growth prospects and BlackRock believes these -- believes that they are adapting and pivoting their strategies and business models ahead of this tectonic shift that will outperform over the long-term. Every investor will need to position their portfolios accordingly, and BlackRock is investing to provide clients with more choice as we become a leader in sustainable and climate aware investing. We launched two low carbon transition readiness ETF last week, raising a total of nearly $2 billion, representing the largest ETF launch in U.S. history. Traditionally climate products have been backward looking really focused on reported greenhouse gas emissions. Using advanced data and analytics and research driven by insights, BlackRock developed a forward-looking active climate investments strategy and a transparent active ETF vehicle. These active ETFs are the first of their kind and a great example of how BlackRock is innovating to expand access to sustainable strategies for more investors worldwide. In total, BlackRock manages $353 billion in sustainable investments, including cash. And we believe this category will grow to more than $1 trillion by 2030. Sustainable investing presents opportunities for BlackRock, not only in terms of AUM growth, but in the demand for industry-leading technology and data. As sustainability becomes a critical building block in portfolios, investors need a clear understanding of how sustainable related risks and opportunities impact their portfolio. One of the newest opportunities for BlackRock is powering portfolios to a new sustainable standard with Aladdin, because climate risk is investment risk. Our ambition to make Aladdin Climate the standard for assessing this risk with investors portfolio and helping clients navigate and capture investment opportunity presented by the transition to a net zero economy. Investments we have made in Aladdin over the years to serve more clients with better risk analytics end-to-end operating systems and the benefited scale drove a 12% year-over-year growth in technology services revenues. We consistently hear from clients that poor quality or availability of ESG data and analytics is the biggest barrier to deeper and broader implementation of sustainable investing. That is why we're evolving Aladdin sustainability to help clients better assess their exposures and their positions across all their portfolios. Our minority investment in Clarity AI will integrate analytics and data covering 30,000 companies and nearly 200 companies within Aladdin. And our partners who have rep risks will give clients the ability to identify ESG risk exposures in private investments and create a holistic view of risk across their portfolios. Advancing towards a net zero economy by 2050 will require more than better data and analytics. It will require transformational innovation in carbon reduction and elimination -- eliminating technologies. BlackRock has partnered with Temasek to establish decarbonization partners to invest in innovative decarbonization solutions to help accelerate global efforts. This initiative will provide clients with an opportunity to participate in a net zero transition by complimenting BlackRock's existing renewable power and energy infrastructure investment platform. In line with our strategic focus on technology and sustainability, we nominated Hans Vestberg, Chairman and CEO of Verizon to our Board of Directors for his deep experience in international markets, technology and sustainability. The same time I want to thank Mathis Cabiallavetta for his passion and his dedication to BlackRock and its shareholders over the last 13 years. He will not stand for reelection at BlackRock Annual Meeting next month, and it will be missed by our entire board and by me and the entire leadership team at BlackRock. Our results and the speed of our forward momentum underscores the importance of BlackRock's fiduciary approach and culture. I truly believe our culture is what set BlackRock apart. It drives our performance. It pushes us to innovate. It pushes us to stay ahead of our client's needs. And it guides our decisions, and it guides our behaviors. Critical to our culture is building an environment of inclusivity, belonging, trust, and creating a safe environment. More than ever before at BlackRock leadership team And I are focused on instilling this culture with all of our 16,700 employees around the world [technical difficulty] feels a sense of belonging. The strength of our first quarter results across iShares private markets, technology and active and sustainable strategies is more broad-based today that any point in our history, but our global scale and our unique client interactions give us greater ability to invest in our client's future and ultimately for the benefit of our shareholders. I see tremendous opportunities ahead for BlackRock's focus remaining on embracing change, investing for the long-term so we could best serve all our stakeholders. And I look forward to executing on our ambitious plans in the years ahead. With that operator, let's please open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Thank you. Good. Hey, good morning. Congrats on fantastic quarter again. A two-part question on sustainable investing. Just first wanted to make sure I get the numbers correct. I heard $353 billion in sustainable AUM and I also heard -- I thought I heard you say $200 billion. I just wanted to make sure those -- what those two numbers were. And then in the 1Q flows, we have $17 billion of iShares, but what additional flows would be coming into other sustainable products. And then the broader question would be on the Temasek partnership and more broadly for carbon transition. Obviously, a huge evolving field. As you thought about what the asset management TAM might be in that field and how you might tackle that through not only this partnership, but that obviously through the ETFs you launched in other products as well.
Laurence Fink: Well, first I apologize that we created any confusion. So, let's start. We do have $200 billion, sustainable long-term assets.
Brian Bedell: Okay.
Laurence Fink: The difference is we have a broad base cash management space that is becoming more and more sustainable. So, if you add the cash side or the short term cash, it comes up to that $300 billion number. I hope I answered that question properly now.
Brian Bedell: Yeah.
Laurence Fink: Two, I think, the opportunity in transition is amazing. It is estimated we need to spend $50 trillion to have a decarbonized world and to do that is investing in new technologies. And we are very pleased at having a partner in Temasek, and we have had many conversations with them related to how can we bring the world closer to a decarbonized world without a premium or without a green premium. And this is specifically so relevant, not just in the United States, but it's so relevant in the emerging world. The emerging world is still growing and still has a greater need for electricity, greater need for building. The emerging world is just at the beginning of their economic growth. And so, if we are going to get to a net zero world, the need for innovation and investing for green hydrogen to bring that premium down to zero for biofuels, for sequestering carbon at a very inexpensive price, all of these are going to require new technologies for agriculture. Agriculture produces over -- close to 15% of the carbon footprint when you -- related to that. And so, we have many areas where it is going to require new technologies, and I truly believe we are going to have many young people instead of going into data and technology related to the social side of technology. I believe many, many innovations that are going to come from young startup innovative companies. But I would also say I am very bullish on our traditional hydrocarbon and chemical companies as they pivot. And I've had conversations recently with a CEO of a very large oil and gas company. Just yesterday I had a conversation with a CEO of a very large chemical company, and we're actually talking to them about how can BlackRock invest with them side by side on technologies for decarbonization. I mean, the science and technology that are existing companies in terms of the understanding of carbon and understand the science of transforming it to a more decarbonized world is great. And so, we are very encouraged about investing in startups, and that's what Temasek BlackRock decarbonization funded. But we actually are having many conversations about investing with our infrastructure teams, with our private teams, with our debt teams to finance this. We've had numerous conversations with companies related to biofuels. And so when we -- our employees are flying around the world that we could have a footprint that is net zero. And so, all of these are great opportunities for us and the investors worldwide.
Gary Shedlin: And Brian, just to -- it’s Gary. Just to -- quickly just capture what Larry was talking about in terms of long-term and total. The flow number in terms of sustainable strategies for the quarter was $24 billion long-term. That broke down into $17 billion in ETFs and $7 billion in what we would call active. And I would basically say that that was very broad-based across the platform and primarily equity, but also in fixed income multi-asset and all -- that represents in the aggregate on a long-term basis about a 50% annualized organic growth rate inflows.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Larry, I was hoping that you could expand upon the institutional backdrop today in terms of risk profile. And what -- how those conversations are evolving with the rate backdrop and what's going on with fixed income and how we should think about kind of rerisking or derisking in this kind of backdrop.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Dan. Thank you. There's not one consistent conversation going on institutionally. Obviously, the question of inflation, the question of do deficits matter, are prominent conversations with our fixed income investors now. Some fixed income investors are looking to derisk, but derisking by going into low duration or unconstrained strategies. Some of them are looking to say I need more credit, or I need more coupon to take on that duration risk. And so, there's -- we still see demand in high yield evidenced by our flows.  So, I don't think there's one specific trend. But I would say the narrative around the question of inflation deficits are becoming a very prominent part of our conversations. Obviously, many questions related to equity valuations. The rotation from growth to value is that overdone at this moment, especially if the vaccinations take longer and other questions on that. And so, those were probably the dominant conversations. But if anything, Dan is, we said some of the prepared remarks, there is incredible pools of cash on the sidelines. I would say overall our clients are still sitting with big pools of money. Overall, they're still under invested. Now, I would say as a 10-year treasury rises in rates, that our liabilities become less burdensome. And so -- and if there is any continuing rising of the 10-year rate, the need for extending duration is no longer as necessary.  And so -- but the dialogues are very robust now. Many clients are putting and allocating more and more to privates and alternatives. Many clients now are using ETS for active exposures. That's accelerating, not decelerating. And so, I would say there's nothing that's prominent in any one conversation, except one thing, the conversation around sustainability.  There is not a conversation today with an institutional client on how should they think about climate risks? How should they think about transition risk? And as I just said in my prior question, what we are trying to have our clients focus on, not the fear of transition, not the enormous need for transition, but the opportunities that transition will entail to get it right. The investment technologies to make sure that we don't have this green premium or the net zero world will not happen, especially in the emerging world. And so, this is the beauty of, I would say of, capitalism. This is the beauty of capital markets that more and more clients are looking to be more prepared for this long-term trend. And many, many clients are asking the question, what role should their portfolio play in this long-term trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking -- hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to circle back to some of the investment spend commentary. You guys were articulating here. I'm just hoping maybe you could elaborate a little bit on how you're thinking about investing here, where specifically. And maybe if you could -- just maybe focus a little bit more on -- how would you characterize the pace of investment spent here in 2021 versus maybe the last couple of years. And does that accelerate, just given the market uplift? How are you thinking about pacing that?
Gary Shedlin: Thanks. Thanks Mike. So, we are -- I think as we indicated previously, we're definitely accelerating our pace of investment spend into 2021. I think that's a combination of a couple things. I mean, I think the first thing is that I think it's really critical to know and look back at our results, not only for this quarter, but the momentum for the last year had that effectively reflects the fact that we have consistently spent in our business to stay ahead of client -- client's needs, and across the franchise. I mean, without that consistent level of investment to try and stay ahead of those needs, we don't generate $525 billion of flows and 14% organic base fee growth with four quarters over a hundred billion dollars. We believe and you've heard Larry reaffirm it that our business has never been better positioned to take advantage of those opportunities, whether it's sustainable. There has been talking about a lot this morning, private markets, technology, China, and we are going to pursue those opportunities responsibly. That being said, we obviously remain margin aware all the time. We're focusing on managing that entire discretionary expense base as always. And we're committed to optimizing growth in the most efficient way possible. But our accelerated spend this year is really a function of what I just said, which has all the opportunities that we see before us and the reality that we just didn't spend what we thought we were going to spend in 2020. We made a strong commitment to our employees, not to reduce our headcount. And I think that was a good thing, because we saw the work units and the volumes increase throughout the year. We didn't really turn the hiring spigot back on until the second half and frankly late in the second half of last year. And so a lot of what we're doing this year is catching up to our business. We went into a year with a very specific budget in terms of our discretionary spend, whether that was in hiring, or spending on G&A. And we have made no changes to that since we last chatted. Obviously, I think between beta and our organic growth, we're ahead of where we thought in terms of the business. But our intent is to continue to spend throughout the year as to the original budget. We definitely got off to a little bit of a slower start in terms of tech, M&P spend. We are obviously anticipating some pickup in T&E towards the end of the year. And it's full speed ahead in terms of our plans for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. My question is on Aladdin. So, if we look at the 16% year-on-year growth in annual contract revenues, can you talk about the components of the growth between the core operating system platform provider Aladdin and Aladdin for wealth? And I also wanted to hear how the portfolio analytics and risk management tools are now encompassing ESG and helping investors to build better portfolios across factors like sustainability.
Gary Shedlin: So, Craig, I'll take the first and then I can -- I'll let Larry jump in and talk about our investment across the platform in terms of sustainability analytics and some of the things we're up to. We talked about the fact that we did have 12% year-over-year growth in revenue. And I think as always, the large preponderance of our technology services revenue today remains what we would call kind of the institutional Aladdin component. Obviously, we have other ports of that in terms of a variety of different, whether it's Aladdin Wealth or accounting or a bunch of other things, but the majority of that Wealth -- the majority of that growth is still year-over-year tied to the institutional business. Some of the component adds that we're basically anticipating, growth in over time are still at the early stages. And so, there's no question that as we begin to grow out things like Aladdin Climate, which is really just getting started, we think that's going to be having a much more significant impact on our year-over-year growth. There's no question that we believe that the demand for integrated and resilient investment management technology is increasing. The pandemic has increased awareness on the importance of technology. We're seeing industry consolidation, shifting product usage and regulatory requirements creating the need for more holistic and flexible solutions. And our pipeline for the remainder of the year is strong. So, again, continue to feel very good about that business. As I mentioned, the ACV at 16% is probably a little ahead of where we normally anticipate that just by virtue of the comparison to a year ago. But we are -- we feel really, really good about our positioning in that business, especially given our whole portfolio view across public and private markets.
Laurence Fink: I would just add that, if you think about the growth of Aladdin from a platform that was just analyzing bonds to where we are today, the demand from our clients in terms of having an operating system that is end-to-end an operating system that is connected to their custodial bank like Aladdin provider and operating risk management system that not only connects public markets, but private markets. And we built those platforms around that. And then with the need of more information at the financial advisors fingertips, so they could provide deeper, broader risk analytics to their clients and that's Aladdin Wealth. We have built Aladdin around the needs of our clients to offer a better experience, better outcomes. And then I can't think of a better -- and more important time when Aladdin was necessary when we were all working remotely and still I'm working remotely and having an operating system that is connected worldwide. And the -- our clients worldwide have actually become more enthusiastic about how Aladdin shapes and helps their business. We believe Aladdin actually improve their performance and there was research by third parties that suggest those who have Aladdin have better financial performance. Then when you think about climate risk and transition risk, that is going to encompass from cash to the most long dated privates across the entire portfolio, across all products, across our regions, the need for Aladdin Climate and having data and analytics to justify the investments. We have to live under the department of labor rule of remaining to be a fiduciary. And so, we have to justify as a fiduciary that climate risk is investment risk. And so, more than ever before, I believe Aladdin is as well positioned because of how we navigated it to make it end-to-end through the custodian, to the wealth manager, now publics and privates. And then importantly, now with sustainability really speaks about the resiliency of the operating system and why we continue to have deeper, broader conversations with more clients.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, Larry. Good morning. Good morning everybody. I was hoping we could spend a minute on BlackRock initiatives in private markets specifically. And I guess looking back over the last couple of months, you guys raised a $3 billion secondary fund. And I think I saw a $5 billion renewable power fund. What else is in the fundraising pipeline over the next call it 12 to 18 months? And what areas, I guess, within private markets, do you want to lean into more, both organically and inorganically given that space continues to experience a pretty significant growth?
Gary Shedlin: So, we've had a focus on our alternatives business for the last several years. And while we haven't raised $20 billion in one fund, we've raised $2 billion in 10 funds, and then those continue to grow. So, we have -- our current focus will be on credit, which is where our clients are looking to invest. As Larry mentioned in sustainable, we're looking at renewable energy, which we just raised one a very large fund. We will be following very closely the infrastructure bill and figure out how we can raise assets that we can deliver to our clients for infrastructure, which for many of our clients who would like long duration type assets, infrastructure fits very well. So, we'll probably go in that direction a bit more. And then, simply and seeing how the private equity market evolves and where our clients can earn alpha, drove our secondary and liquidations fund as some of the older vintages come due from some of the stable private equity companies that are looking to start new funds, but liquidate what is left in the older funds. So, what we're trying to do is really have a very careful eye on where we think the next value chain is and cannot be described both in a liquid form and an alternatives of funds. But what I would tell you is that our general theme is alternatives are going to become less alternative. And so, we are following that very carefully. And currently we are very focused on that -- how that compares with what our team thinks about sustainability and ESG going forward and how we combine the two.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW. Your line is now open.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks. Thanks. Hey, how's everyone doing? Hope everyone's doing well. I'm curious to know -- so are -- how are you thinking about or clients starting to think about -- I guess it's a popular thing now, but digital assets and I don't mean crypto per se, but now how are you starting to think about digital assets as a potential new asset class or investment class? And then I guess as part of that, maybe being a little facetious, but are we going to see Aladdin digital in two years on one of these calls?
Laurence Fink: Well -- hey, Aladdin, it is all digital. But -- in our dialogue with our clients, clients are asking questions related to what is the role of crypto or digital assets related to part of their portfolio. As you suggested, Robert, it is perceived as a possibly new asset class, similar to maybe commodities or gold. We don't believe it is a substitute for currency, but I do believe we're going to have digitization of currencies. So, it is just -- it's a conversation. We are investigating and how we can create -- how we could create different products if there's client demand related to crypto. But I -- let me just frame it. And I think one of the reasons for our success with our clients over the last 33 years has been our consistency of focusing on long-term investing. It is not about the markets and the behaviors of the markets and the ins and outs of the markets. Much of the dialogue today related to -- whether it's a game stop or what's goes out and with Reddit, it is about the TikTok and the day trading. And then, the activities around Bitcoin and other crypto, we're fascinated about it. We're excited about it as more people are enjoying looking at it, but the most of it is about trading and ins and outs of the marketplace. And so, in our dialogues with our clients worldwide, it is not a major question that is being asked. It is not a major conversation related to how does that fit into their portfolio. Summit does. Does it fit into their portfolio as a long-term investor? And I would just say overall, the actions around products that are around trading and the navigation of markets and new asset classes, it is not about -- it's just not about the whole foundation of our platform about long-term investing. And so, if somebody really wanted to build a big, deep dialogue related to this, they're probably going to go to another source. And that is just not a large foundation of the conversations we're having now. I mean, the conversations we're having with unsustainability is greater today than it was the last time we spoke to you. The conversation we're having about transition opportunities is so much greater than it was a quarter ago. And I believe the momentum there, I believe the opportunity there is so much larger than how is a crypto asset a long-term asset. And so, I don't want to diminish anything related to crypto and digital ideas. I'm fascinated about it. I think there -- it is going to be an asset class. We'll see how it performs over a long-term. And it may be a great asset class, but let's wait and see.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Our first quarter results, again, are a direct result of our steadfast commitment to serving our clients. We are spending all our time trying to position our firm to staying in front of their needs, to try to anticipate their needs. So, we can be the first conversation with every client. And I believe we're fulfilling that. We're fulfilling a need in the entire financial services industry by focusing consistently on long-term, not -- we're not here to talk about the TikTOK of the market and the ups and downs. It is about focusing on items like retirement, focusing on items like sustainability and stakeholder capitalism. These are the things that we believe are building resiliency to the BlackRock business model, but also building long-term wealth for our clients and serving our clients well. Our job is to build a better future for our clients, so they could build savings and make investing easier, making investments more affordable, helping advance sustainability investing, and contributing in our communities to have a more resilient economy. And I believe our first quarter results truly illuminate our positioning with our clients, our positioning in the community. And we're winning more share of mind, more share of wallet with our clients than ever before. And we will continue to invest as Gary said for our future to stay in front of our client's needs. Have a good quarter. We'll talk to you later. Bye now.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Gerald [ph] and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and Happy New Year. I hope everyone and their families remain safe and healthy through the holidays, and it’s my pleasure to present results for the fourth quarter and full year 2020. Before I turn it over to Larry, I’ll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted-financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. Throughout BlackRock’s history, we have consistently and systematically invested in our business with a commitment to serving clients, employees, shareholders, and the communities in which we live and operate. As a result, while the world faced unprecedented challenges in 2020, we were well prepared to provide clients with thought leadership, investment insights, and risk management tools to ensure the physical and emotional well being of our employees and to give back to our communities. BlackRock’s strong performance during this challenging year is a testament to our diverse and resilient business model. Our steadfast focus on helping clients achieve their long-term goal and the dedication of our incredible people. We generated net inflows of $391 billion in 2020, representing 5% organic asset growth and 7% organic base fee growth meeting our organic growth target for the sixth time in the last 8 years. Importantly, we finished the year with increased momentum, generating $127 billion of total net inflows in the fourth quarter, reflecting record quarterly organic base fee growth of 13%. Strong performance from our entire active franchise along with near record iShares flows, which benefited from client de-risking and year-end tax planning contributed to this quarters robust organic base fee growth. We continued to play offense in 2020 as the strength and stability of our operating model allowed us to invest through volatile markets, both organically and inorganically, expand our full year operating margin and return approximately $3.8 billion of capital to our shareholders. Each of our critical growth priorities, including iShares, Aladdin, private markets, alpha generation, whole portfolio solutions, and sustainable investing drove significant growth during the year. Full year revenue of $16.2 billion was up 11%. Operating income of $6.3 billion rose 13%, and earnings per share of $33.82 was up 19% versus 2019. For the fourth quarter, BlackRock generated revenue of $4.5 billion and operating income of $1.8 billion, up 13% and 20% respectively from a year ago. Quarterly earnings per share of $10.18 was up 22% versus 2019 driven by higher non-operating income and a reduced diluted share count versus a year ago, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate in the current quarter.  Non-operating results for the quarter included $153 million of net investment income, primarily driven by mark-to-market gains on our unhedged seed and co-investment capital. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 20%, reflecting $61 million of net discrete tax benefits. We currently estimate 23% as a reasonable projected tax run rate for 2021 though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items or potential changes in tax legislation during the year. Fourth quarter base fees of $3.4 billion were up 10% year-over-year, primarily driven by 7% organic growth and the positive impact of market data and foreign exchange movements on average AUM, but partially offset by lower securities lending revenue and higher discretionary money market fees in the current quarter and strategic pricing investments over the last year. In addition, while fourth-quarter base fees were up 5% sequentially, the impact of lower securities lending revenue during the quarter driven by a continued tightening of cash spreads was the primary reason we saw a sequential decline of 0.2 basis points in our annualized effective fee rate despite the positive impact of strong organic base fee growth. As we look into 2021, based on current market conditions and the interest rates, we are planning for the possibility of lower securities lending revenue and higher discretionary money market fee waivers as compared to 2020. In isolation, this could have an additional 0.3 basis point negative impact on our fee rate this year as compared to our fourth quarter annualized base fee rate. Bear in mind that our higher interest rate environment and continued strong organic base fee growth could mitigate these headwinds, especially with continued momentum in our higher fee, active equity, and alternative businesses, and then nearly roughly -- and nearly 40% of gross money market fee waivers are generally shared with distributors reducing the impact on operating income. Fourth quarter performance fees of $419 million were up 75% year-over-year capping a record year for performance fees that totaled $1.1 billion more than double to 2019 levels. While this year's performance fees reflected strong alpha generation across the entirety of our alternative and long-only investment platforms, approximately 60% of the full year increase was attributable to a single hedge fund strategy that delivered exceptional performance during the year. Quarterly Technology Services revenue was up 11% year-over-year, and full year revenue of $1.1 billion increased 17% in part reflecting the impact of the eFront acquisition. While demand for integrated and resilient investment management technology to support effective risk management and operational efficiency remained strong, growth in 2020 technology services revenue was impacted by strength of [ph] sales and contracting cycles associated with the pandemic. In addition, year-over-year revenue growth also reflected certain eFront clients shifting from an on-premises license model, in which revenue is generally recognized upfront to a hosted model, which is more consistent with how we service our broader Aladdin community and where revenue is recognized over the life of a contract. As we anticipate more clients embracing eFront’s hosted model, which will impact year-over-year revenue comparisons and in an effort to provide greater transparency into Aladdin’s business momentum, we intend to begin disclosing growth in ACV, or annual contract value. ACV growth represents a point in time year-over-year comparison of our technology services revenue run rate and is more representative of how leading technology companies measure their top line growth. Technology Services ACV at year end, 2020 increased 12% versus a year ago, and we remain committed to low-to-mid-teens growth and ACV over the long term. Fourth quarter and full year advisory and other revenue decreased year over year, primarily reflecting the absence of PennyMac equity method earnings following the charitable contribution of our remaining equity stake in the first quarter of 2020 and lower advisory and transition management revenue during the year. Total expense increased 10% in 2020, driven primarily by higher compensation and non-core G&A expense. For the full year, compensation expense increased $571 million or 13%, primarily reflecting higher base and incentive compensation driven by higher performance fees and operating income. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we determine compensation on a full year basis. Overall G&A expense increased 7% year-over-year, reflecting higher levels of non-core items primarily related to the net impact of higher product launch costs, legal fees COVID-19 related costs and fixed asset impairments, offset by lower contingent fair value adjustments FX re-measurement expense and deal related costs during the year. Excluding approximately $280 million of non-core G&A expense incurred in 2020, which included $166 million of aggregate fund launch costs, core G&A expense for the year remained essentially flat compared to 2019 as higher technology and portfolio services fees were offset by lower T&E expense. Recall that we exclude the impact of fund launch costs from reporting our as adjusted operating margin. Our full year as adjusted operating margin of 44.9% was up 120 basis points versus 2019 and benefited from record performance fees and securities lending revenue during the year and a lower level of core G&A expense than anticipated. As we have previously stated, our business has never been better positioned to take advantage of the opportunities before us, especially amid industry consolidation disruption to deliver differentiated organic growth. And we remain deeply committed to investing responsibly and aggressively through market cycles and for the long term in order to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible. Consequently, our 2021 investment plan currently includes the repurposing of lower T&E expense back into our business to fund incremental investments in technology and market data in support of our sustainability and other growth initiatives. At present, excluding the impact of market data, taking into account our anticipated level of expense growth and more normalized level of performance fees and the current rate environment, which may impact year-over-year comparisons of sec lending revenue and money market fee waivers, we would anticipate a 2021 as adjusted operating margin generally in line with our 2020 results. We're also investing through prudent use of our balance sheet to best position BlackRock for continued success. During 2020, we allocated over $1 billion of new seed and co investment capital to support our growth and our year end portfolio now approximately is $3.5 billion. We also continue to make strategic minority investments. And as you will hear from Larry shortly, we will announce later today an investment in Clarity AI, a sustainability analytics and data science platform. And in the fourth quarter, we announced the acquisition of Aperio, a pioneer in customizing tax optimized index equity SMAs to enhance our wealth platform and provide whole portfolio solutions to ultrahigh net worth and advisors. Following the close of the period transaction in early February, we will incur additional intangible amortization expense relative to 2020. We also remain committed to systematically returning excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases and return an aggregate of $3.8 billion to shareholders in 2020. We repurchased approximately $1.5 billion worth of shares in 2020 and an average share price of $439 per share taking advantage of PNC decision to exit their ownership position in May. Since inception of our current capital management strategy in 2013, we have now repurchased over $10 billion of BlackRock stock, reducing our outstanding total shares by 11% and generating an unlevered compound annual return of 19% for our shareholders. At present, based on capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we are targeting the repurchase of $1.2 billion of shares during 2021 consistent with our guidance a year ago. In addition and also subject to market conditions, we expect to see board approval later this month for an increase to our first quarter 2021 dividend. As you will hear more from Larry, BlackRock has never been better positioned to deliver for clients as we leverage our unique insights, guidance and solutions to help them meet their long term investment needs. Fourth quarter total net inflows of $127 billion, representing 7% annualized organic AUM growth and 13% annualized organic base fee growth were led by flows into iShares and our top performing active franchise. Full year net inflows of $391 billion were positive across active and index, all asset classes, client types and regions, and reflected broad based strength across iShares and active and cash strategies. Global iShares ETFs generated $185 billion of net inflows in 2020, representing 8% organic asset growth and 7% organic base fee growth. We saw strong growth in core in each of our strategic product areas and our precision exposures which benefited from risk on sentiment during the fourth quarter. Within our strategic products segment flows were led by fixed income and sustainable and we also saw in in-flows into factors despite the industry categories seeing outflows. The fourth quarter is typically our strongest quarter for iShares due to year-end rebalancing and tax planning. But this quarter was especially strong with net inflows of $79 billion representing 14% annualized organic asset growth and a record 17% annualized organic based fee growth reflecting the breadth of our product and client segments. BlackRock generated full year retail net inflows of $70 billion representing 10% annualized organic asset growth and 8% annualized organic based fee growth, significantly outperforming the broader mutual fund industry. Retail flows were positive in both the U.S. and internationally and reflected broad, based strength in active fixed income, equity and liquid alternatives. Fourth quarter retail net inflows of $35 billion reflected similar trends, but also included the seasonal impact of capital gains and dividend reinvestment. Institutional index net outflows of $29 billion in 2020 reflected equity net outflows partially offset by fixed income net inflows, as several large clients rebalance portfolios after significant equity market gains or tactically shifted assets to fixed income and cash. In addition, a large U.S. public pension client recently announced a diversification of their plan to meet revised guidelines. BlackRock will maintain management of the significant majority of the plans assets, but we do expect to transition approximately $55 billion of low fee index assets to another investment manager during the first half of 2021. While this transition will result in a significant net asset outflow, it will have a deminimis impact on our organic base fee growth for the year. BlackRock’s institutional active franchise generated $32 billion of net inflows in 2020, reflecting broad based strength across all product categories, active net inflows were led by $14 billion of multi asset net inflows reflecting continued growth in our life path, target date, franchise, and significant momentum and our OCIO business. We also generated $7 billion of net inflows in active fixed income, primarily from activity among our insurance clients. Across retail and institutional client types, we generated a record $30 billion of active net equity net inflows for the year and have now delivered seven consecutive quarters of positive flows in this category. Flows were led by top performing franchises in Technology, Health Sciences and U.S. growth equities, as well as quantitative strategies. We remain well positioned for future growth in our active businesses with over 85% of fundamental active equity, systematic active equity and taxable fixed income assets performing above their respective benchmarks or peer medians for the trailing five year period. Overall, demand for alternatives also continued with $17 billion of net inflows into our illiquid and liquid alternative strategies during the year, driven by infrastructure, private equity solutions, credit and our multi strat and global event driven hedge funds. Momentum and fundraising remains strong, and we have approximately $24 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of strategies representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. BlackRock’s cash management platform generated another $9 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter, even as the broader industry saw outflows and a record $113 billion of net inflows in 2020. During the fourth quarter, we incurred approximately $30 million of discretionary yield support waivers, and, as previously discussed, expect such fee waivers to increase in 2021. Finally, full year advisory net inflows of $20 billion were primarily linked to asset purchases managed by our financial markets advisory group. We called it revenue linked to these assignments is primarily reflected in the advisory and other revenue line of our income statement. This time last year, none of us could have predicted the unprecedented challenges that we and our clients around the world would face during 2020. By remaining true to our purpose, investing ahead of our client’s needs and respecting our one BlackRock culture, we look back on 2020 as a year that included some of the strongest and proudest moments of our 32-year history. Our relationships with clients have never been deeper. And we believe in our platform, we believe our platform is as well positioned as it's ever been to meet the needs of all stakeholders over the coming years. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining the call. I hope you and all your loved ones are staying healthy and safe. For decades, BlackRock has built our strategy, platform and culture around staying in front of our client needs. We've deliberately invested in our business so that we are prepared to help clients navigate the most complex challenges of the investment landscape, and the world changes all around them. And that is showing up in results today. The hardships experienced by people globally in 2020, and inequalities further exasperated by the pandemic have only strengthened BlackRock’s sense of responsibility to help millions of people build savings, to make savings easier and more affordable, advanced sustainable investing and contribute to a more resilient, global economy. The pandemic has taken a dramatic toll on all our lives, disrupting the way we work the way we live. At the same time, it has led to a profound shift in how economies and how societies even operate, creating opportunities to redesign our society for the future. Investors around the world, most of whom are saving for long term goals like retirement are experiencing the economic impact of the pandemic, which is leading to rising inequalities within and across nations continued low interest rates, even in the face of rising inflation expectations, and it's a tonic shift towards sustainable business practices. These trends will require investors to rethink portfolio allocation, and they are increasingly turning to BlackRock for insights and solutions, so they can fulfill their purpose on behalf of their stakeholders. Our diverse global investment platform with active and index strategies across all asset classes, integrated technology, data, and risk management, and global scale and connectivity enables us to deliver strong and consistent investment performance and for more stable outcomes for our clients. Our voice developed over years of managing assets for a diverse set of clients globally, has helped BlackRock partner with our clients and has helped us to advocate on their behalf. We encourage the companies, our clients are invested in to operate with a long term mindset, increased transparency and important sustainability factors and focus on all of their stakeholders and this is driving BlackRock’s performance. BlackRock’s differentiated approach is resonating with our clients worldwide, leading to deeper partnerships with them. And as you could see driving incredible momentum across our businesses. BlackRock generated $391 billion of total net inflows in 2020 representing 5% organic asset and 7% organic based fee growth. We delivered 11% revenue growth, 13% operating income growth, and 19% earnings per share growth. And on top of that, we were able to expand our margins by 120 basis points over a year-over-year basis. These results reflect the benefits of our consistent investments and the diversity of our platform. Flows were positive across all major client types, across all asset classes, and all geographic regions including more than $1 billion of net inflows in each of the 19 countries and into 104 different products. In strategic growth areas, we saw record client demand for active equities, sustainability, our cash products and our alternative investment strategies. We also generated 185 billion of net inflows into iShares ETFs and we also delivered a record $1.1 billion in technology services revenues. By supporting clients with solutions no matter their objective or risk preference, BlackRock is positioned to generate differentiated growth and invest for the future. Our long term strategy remains to focus on accelerating growth in iShares, accelerating our growth in illiquid alternatives, accelerating our growth in technology and making sure that performance and generating alpha is at the heart of BlackRock. We're doing this through delivering whole portfolio solutions and becoming the global leader in sustainable investing. These investments will benefit of course our shareholders that are benefiting all our stakeholders. Sustainable sustainability, recent inflection point this past year, driven by the convergence of business practices, regulation, technology advancements and we're seeing it across client preferences. BlackRock generated 68 billion of net inflows and sustainable strategies in 2020, representing over 60% organic growth, and we launched over 100 new products in 2020 to expand investor choice. We are seeing strong demand across client segments. Institutional clients are increasingly seeking sustainable strategies to mitigate exposures and to capture opportunities. While we have -- clients are using ETF building blocks, especially our sustainable iShares ETFs in both sustainable and traditional model portfolios. We recently surveyed investors representing $25 trillion in assets, who said they plan to double underscore double their allocations to sustainable products over the next five years to nearly 40% average from a level of approximately 18%. BlackRock sustainable investment platform is well positioned to meet this demand and we will continue to believe the $200 billion we managed today will go to $1 trillion and sustainable investments by the end of this decade. Clients worldwide are continuing to adopt ETFs throughout the year, and iShares drove $185 billion inflows in 2020. In the U.S. iShares ETFs crossed $2 trillion last week, doubling our size in just four years. Our European iShares generated nearly $60 billion in net inflows becoming increasingly important to our global growth. Overall, iShares ETFs particularly in the first quarter as it unlocked new sources of client demand with active managers ensures an asset owners globally. BlackRock’s scale engineering, technology and ecosystem partnerships have enabled us to maintain robust liquidity across iShares ETFs and execute some of the largest rebalances in history, all with tight tracking air and while operating our platform fully remotely in this environment. We witnessed four defining moments in our ETF business in 2020. One, iShares outperformed in the face of the most severe market stress test in ETF history. Two, fixed income ETFs shied as a modernization for us for the $100 trillion bond market. Three, sustainable ETFs are making sustainable investing more accessible to investors. And four, we are seeing an increased adaptation of ETFs and well portfolios as more wealth management industry shifts towards a more fiduciary commission free model. We believe that these moments and BlackRock performance in them will continue to support and accelerate the long term growth of iShares and the broader ETF industry. More than 70% of our annual iShares flows were from strategic product segments led by fixed income and sustainable product categories. 2020 was a turning point for global clients adoption of fixed income ETFs and fixed income iShares generating $89 billion of inflows. We estimate that over 100 asset managers and asset owners globally were first time adopters in 2020 in fixed income ETFs, and 80% of our top active managers are now using our fixed income ETFs. Fixed income iShares is now a $690 billion business and we continue to believe it will grow to $1 trillion over the next two to three years. Sustainable iShares ETS saw a record $47 billion in net inflows in 2020 and AUM tripled year-over-year to $82 billion. We're rapidly expanding our product suite partnering with index and data providers to expand product choice in this category. With more than 140 iShare ETFs and index funds globally we have the broadest choice of any firm and our goal is to continue innovating so that more investors more people, more savers have greater access to sustainable strategies. Shift in the wealth management landscape towards digitization, centralization and outsourcing in both the United States and Europe are increasing ETF usage among these clients. Growth and model portfolios across all platforms is an example of how technology and the transparency of fee based wealth management are tailwinds for the ETF market. Model portfolios are driving approximately a quarter of iShares globally -- growth globally and we expect growth in models, especially customized models developed in partnership with clients to account for more than half of the iShares flows in the coming years. BlackRock is deepening partnerships with wealth managers and financial advisors globally by offering high quality insights and solutions across both index and active strategies. And no other firm can link those two strategies together. We are seeing strong demand for our top performing active mutual fund franchise even as a broader U.S. active mutual fund industry saw more than $250 billion of outflows in 2020. In November, we announced the acquisition of Aperio which will accelerate our lead leadership in the fast growing U.S. separately managed account space. Wealth managers are increasingly looking for partners who can provide personalization and whole portfolio solutions. And now BlackRock is well positioned to be the partner of choice for the full spectrum of wealth clients. We want to make it easy for wealth managers to access our investment strategies across funds ETFs, SMEs, and models and construct a more resilient, risk aware portfolio using our technology. Active strategies and strong performance after fees are critical in building efficient resilient portfolios. And as public markets, both equities and fixed income become more efficient. Clients are increasingly looking for a differentiated manager who can find differentiating sources of alpha. It's not just about beating a benchmark or peer medium, but delivering incremental, tangible dollar returns for clients. BlackRock's investments over time in integrated technology, data, risk management, scale global reach, and the interconnectivity is enabling us to generate strong investment performance at a time when clients need this performance the most. Our active business generated over $30 billion of alpha returns for clients in 2020, which is leading to more high demand than ever before. BlackRock generated $88 billion of total active inflows for the year including a record for BlackRock, $30 billion of active inflows and active equities. Private markets are also increasingly an important component for alpha and investor portfolios, as both growth assets and diversification. BlackRock has built a broad platform across infrastructure, private credit, real estate, and private equity to meet client demands. We more than doubled our illiquid alternative platform over the last five years, and today we manage $86 billion on behalf of clients. We raised a record $25 billion of client capital in 2020 led by infrastructure, private equity solutions, private credit, and the final close of our direct private equity long term private capital strategy. LTPC is one of the largest first time-funds raised to date with a total of $3.4 billion, and a great example of BlackRock's ability to innovate and organically developed private market solutions to beat our clients' evolving needs. And in an increasingly competitive environment for deploying capital, we are leveraging the benefits of BlackRock scale and size to deploy capital on behalf of clients. Our capital market team gives us a differentiated access to unique deal flow for clients in 2020. And this team alone helped us source 2,100 such opportunities. 20 years ago, we recognize the important value proposition Aladdin can provide for our clients. Today, our technology is a $1.1 billion revenue business. As more clients than ever before are looking for a unified technology platforms like Aladdin, that can support their whole portfolio across both public and private assets. And we are committed and remain focused on continuously evolving Aladdin for the next 20 years to come. As sustainability becomes a critical building block in all portfolios, our ambition is to put Aladdin at the center of sustainable investing, and address the challenges investors are facing and in the future. We launch Aladdin Climate to help clients better access both the physical risk of climate change and the transition risk to a low carbon economy on their portfolios. And we're committed to providing clients with everything they need for sustainable investings in Aladdin. Access to sustainability data, and its analytics, and tools to seamlessly implement sustainable portfolios. In line with this commitment, we made a minority investment in Clarity AI, which provides tools to access environmental and social impact, and we'll be connecting with the capabilities throughout Aladdin. Our ability to address clients challenges enables us to fulfill our purpose and drive strong, long term performance. Over the last five years, clients entrusted us with $1.5 trillion of net new assets, which in turn has enabled us to create over 3,500 jobs globally. And on top of all that, we delivered 141% total return for our shareholders. I am deeply humbled by how BlackRock 16,500 employees have supported each other and our clients throughout this challenging year, which is critical to our success in 2020, More than 90% of our employees and our annual employee opinion survey said, they are proud to work at BlackRock, and we remain committed to upholding our culture and everyday living our purpose. We built BlackRock because we believe in the long term growth of the capital markets, and the importance of being invested in the capital markets. Even today BlackRock only is 2% of the global financial assets. And we see tremendous opportunities ahead to continue supporting the growth of global capital markets, and helping more people invest and save. Everything we do is rooted in our culture of focusing on the long term, and we will be continuing to innovate using our scale and contributing to more equitable, resilient future, to benefit our clients, to benefit our employees, to benefit our shareholders, and the people in the communities where we live, where we work, where we operate. I firmly believe that the efforts of 2020 will position BlackRock to deliver value over the long term for all of our stakeholders. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. You may now ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Great. Good morning, Larry, good morning everyone, Happy New Year to you all. First question, I wanted to ask you guys around scale at BlackRock in relation to the margin guidance that you guys provided for 2021. I guess given the strong exit on the revenue front, this implies a pretty healthy pickup in spending. I know you talked about some specific areas like technology and market data, but can we maybe get a little more specificity on kind of what are the key areas where you expect to add into 2021? And again beyond that, how should we think about the ability of BlackRock to deliver positive operating leverage beyond 2021?
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Alex. It's Gary. Happy New Year. I'll take the first swag at that and then let others chime in. So, look, our performance in 2020 clearly reflects, as we've talked about at length a strategic commitment to investing responsibly in our business across market cycles and our margin of the year of 120 basis points improvement over last year benefited from a number of what I would call, items that we saw in 2020 that will be potentially a little different next year. And of course, we're trying to stare into a crystal ball like everybody else, but margin last year benefited from record performance fees. We had securities lending revenue that was also a record. And I think as we've talked about, we did have a lower level of core G&A expense than anticipated. So, if you think about it from my perspective, the margin pop we saw this year was probably a little bit higher than we would normally have expected. And as we stated previously, we've never been better positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. And we are passionate as you know about investing responsibly and aggressively. So many have asked and in fact we were asked to your -- at your conference about our plans for next year, and whether we would drop some of those reduced core spending levels to the bottom line, and our view at this point is when we look out at the opportunities in front of us and what's happening in the industry that we see a very unique opportunity to continue playing offense maybe even a little harder and to invest that money back into the business to support incremental investments in technology, market data, and a variety of other areas to support those growth initiatives. So, when you say like what those are, I think it's very consistent with what we've talked about. I think we look to invest meaningfully higher next year, again, in terms of repurposing some of those dollars. And remember, we didn't really complete all of our investment plans. During the year, we put a hiring freeze on in 2020 in March and didn't really start rehiring until late in the third quarter. So, we're a little bit behind. So there's a little bit of catch up and there's a little bit of incremental that's going to happen, and strategically, I think private markets, iShares, Aladdin sustainability, whole portfolios, stewardship, China, which is obviously starting to ramp up as we're going to get operational there. In terms of technology, we are in the midst of our cloud migration. We are seeing opportunities in terms of tech infrastructure as well as health and safety improvements throughout the organization. So I think with that in mind, we feel that this is the right time for us to kind of ramp it up, and given that we saw a little bit of a higher margin this year than we would have anticipated it results in a little bit of a more moderated margin story for 2021.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Evercore. You may now ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hello there. How are you? Okay. So, if I look back on 2020, it's interesting, right? Because rates go to zero, and there's a lot of things at play, but you had really good fixed income flows, both active and passive, and that's continuing. I'm sure it is a big picture that goes into Larry's opening remarks. As people start thinking about higher rates and potential inflation on the outlook, how do you think asset allocations are going to change, particularly on the fixed income front?
Gary Shedlin: Well, I don't have a crystal ball. So, right now the forward curve does show interest rates going up quite significantly as high as 180. Last time I looked for the ten-year. I -- we are saying -- we believe that because even at that rate, that is not going to change the allocation that remarkably because I do believe at that rate, liability rates are still going to be longer, and as a result the demand for equities will persist. But in terms of fixed income, we have not really seen much change in client preferences, they are consistently looking at products like SIO, which is a specialized fixed income product that is not targeted to is not targeted to -- is not targeted normally to duration. We expect to see more global demand in global bonds as a mechanism away from the potential lowering of the U.S. dollar. We will -- we are continuing to see emerging markets beginning to show interest as a macro trade. And we continue to see more and more interest in private markets, in private credit. So I -- and in which we are strong in all of these. So, I don't think you're going to see a persistent large scale rebalancing out of core fixed income assets. The positive side, I would say if rates go up for the yield curve, it's going to make obviously the banking system to be much stronger. It's going to make lending even easier to be had. I think a rising yield curve is a positive sign for the economy. And so all of that, in my mind leads to probably better equity valuations. Rob, do you have anything you wanted to add to that?
Rob Kapito: Yes. I think that demand is still going to outstrip supply. But I think, Glenn, the way we look at it is as people allocate to fixed income, they're going to allocate differently. And the fixed income iShares flows are going to benefit from the low-rate environment, as we've already started to see. And as people start to do this reallocation, this is why we've seen as Larry mentioned in his opening remarks, over 100 new asset managers and asset owner clients come into fixed income but come in through iShares. And a good statistic is 80% of the top asset managers are now using fixed income ETFs. So we think there's still demand, but the demand is going to be shown differently as they come in, and we're very well positioned in our iShare business to take that money in fixed income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. You now ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Craig, Happy New Year. Year.
Craig Siegenthaler : Hey, good morning, Larry. Happy New Year, and hope you guys are all doing well. Actually is on scale. We've all witnessed the pickup in M&A activity in the asset management industry. And many CEOs have discussed the need for distribution scale. And since BlackRock is the largest asset manager in the world with the largest distribution platform globally, I just wanted to hear your perspective on BlackRock unique distribution scale advantage. And also, do you think firms that have a trillion or 500 billion of AUM really need to buy their firms to improve their scale? And also hoping Gary can chime into just given his deep background in M&A?
Laurence Fink: So why don't you start on that one part and I'll finished last part?
Gary Shedlin: Sorry, I'm not on. So as we think about -- I guess it was a two-part question. Your first question was on scale and how do we think about that in the context of M&A, Craig? Or is it what are the unique scale?
Craig Siegenthaler : First question is on, talk about BlackRock's unique distribution scale advantage? And then, as you look at the industry do you think other firms that are fairly large, but not the same size as BlackRock. Do they really need to buy other firms to improve their scale? And is that a real advantage for them?
Gary Shedlin: I'm going to try to avoid commenting on what other firms should do. But obviously, as you know, our competitive advantage in terms of what we believe drives a lot of our value proposition is global reach, is best-in-class technology, risk management, diverse investment capabilities across the spectrum of active and passive. And then, obviously, to be able to bring all of that -- all of that together. We've been at that now for well over a decade, in terms of not only trying to identify the pieces that we need, but also integrating those pieces into a distinct and unique one BlackRock culture. We think that's really critical to our success today, both in terms of being able to reach clients with boots on the ground, as Larry mentioned, 16,000 plus people, over half of those people are outside of the Americas these days, having capabilities to have thoughtful investment discussions by virtue of the fact that we are local in our local markets. And Larry talks about that a lot. And obviously, I don't think that there's really a great opportunity for a number of our competitors to just recreate Aladdin overnight in terms of those capabilities. So, I think, again, breadth of product, breadth of reach, breath of insight, all brought together with technology and risk management creates this unique franchise that frankly seems to be humming on multiple cylinders today. And I think, we -- do we view that as unique? Yes. Do we view it as something that other people could create, potentially, but I'll leave that to the challenge. But as I said, we've been doing this for a decade, and it's going to take quite a long time for people to try to replicate I think what we have right now.
Laurence Fink: Let me try to respond to the first part of the question. I believe our distribution platform has been buttress quite a bit over the last five years has been a long term commitment. We are providing a uniqueness as Gary suggested across the world in terms of providing that conversation that intersects both active and passive and risk analytics. No firm can do this at this moment. I believe the elevation of content by the wealth manager has been one of the giant changes too. As the wealth management industry has moved away from fee base to an advisory base, they've really elevated their ability to have deeper, broader conversations. And they're looking for a few partners who could work with them and build that out. And we are certainly kind of one of the go-to firms. We're helping that. And we're able to help them deliver that global insight and advice, and more importantly, the solutions that helping them. So it is the combinations of having iShares interactive strategy. But now with the overlay of technology to customize portfolios. And today, the customization of portfolios and personalizing a portfolio is becoming more and more in need in the wealth management space. It is not about selling a bond fund or a stock fund anymore. It is not about buying a stock or a bond. It is about a holistic whole solution portfolio. And so, our uniqueness is about that and how we deliver it. Just as a response to the industry, the industry has been always designed around a specific product, a specific fund. And for the firms who only have a product or in one asset category, they have a difficult time to really respond to whole portfolio solutions. And I believe this customization, the personalization of whole portfolio solutions is becoming the driver, the driver in terms of most of the wealth management conversations. Do we need to do more acquisitions for distribution? Not in the United States, not in the Europe. Could we do somewhere in another part of the world where we don't have a strong footprint? Sure. That is consistent what I've said over the last three to five years. And importantly, what we are going to do like we announced today they Clarity AI minority interest. What we are trying to do is provide in this portfolio customization, also uniqueness and data and analytics to drive better decision making, which will ultimately drive better performance. And I think that is also the uniqueness of BlackRock. And why we are so constructive on the opportunities we have working with wealth managers worldwide.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW. You may now ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Rob, Happy New Year.
Robert Lee : Hey. Everyone, Happy New Year. Hope everyone is doing well. Thanks. Larry, I guess a regulatory question. It does feel like after being pretty quiet and dormant for bunch of years, starting to see more talk about relooking at asset managers for their systemic risk and everything. So just kind of maybe your take on where you see -- if you see, where you see that kind of chatter picking up? Is it more in Europe or here? I mean, your perspective, I think would be helpful?
Laurence Fink: Great question. We've built BlackRock around the whole foundations of strong global capital markets. I think we have been a big beneficiary over the years by we believed in global capital markets, and the expansion of global capital markets over the last 20 years. And I think the size of our footprint and the size of the AUM that we managed is because of our commitment to building broad scale capital markets. One of the interesting points I said this at the end of the -- my speech today. Our size, relative to the global capital markets, is almost virtually unchanged to what it was in 2009. So in 2009, we were under 2% of the global capital markets. And today, we're a little bit over 2% of the global capital markets. So as much as we've grown the world, capital markets have grown. The use of government debt as a mechanism finance deficit has grown. The use of the equity markets for IPOs and new companies and the expansion of other countries expanding their capital markets, whether the capital markets expansion in the Middle East or parts of Asia have been really quite extraordinary. So we are benefiting that. What we need in that. And we've always welcomed that. We need to make sure that regulators focus on a well functioning capital markets to build a more resilient economy. So we have encouraged regulation worldwide to ensure well functioning capital markets. And that is the key criteria, how we look at it. I would say the one myth about asset managers. The asset manager industry is highly regulated already. At BlackRock, we are regulated by the SEC. Because we have a Trust Bank. We're regulated by the OCC. We're regulated by the CFTC by FINRA, overseas, we're regulated across the board. We are not a bank. And that's why we are not regulated by one regulator, the Federal Reserve. But we're regulated by almost any other organization and regulator. The asset management industry is still highly fragmented. And so, I believe, we welcome a conversation. And we are encouraged about how regulators are focusing on the need of a well functioning capital market. But the concept of that asset management industry is not regulated, that must be coming from bankers. We're not a bank. We don't -- all $8.7 trillion of our assets are other people's hard earned savings and money. We have a contract with every one of our clients. In most of our short term funds, mutual funds, ETFs, they could sell those assets in a day. And our institutional liquid portfolios, they could do it over 30 days. And depending on some of the long term, private assets, that depends on the contract that we have with each individual client. But the notion that asset managers are not regulator, it's just a myth. It is not true. But as the largest asset manager in the world, as a fiduciary, to all our clients savings, we want a highly functioning markets. And at the time when markets need more supervision, in almost all cases, we have been systematically in favor of ensuring market safety and soundness. And we will encourage that going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. You may now ask your question.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. I'm curious your views on the outlook for tax managed investing in the aftermath of COVID. And the outlook for higher personal income and investment taxes in the U.S. and abroad. To what extent might demand here provide another catalyst for ETFs and direct indexing growth inside and outside the U.S. into the outlook for tax managed investing contributes your interest in Aperio?
Rob Kapito: Well, the answer is yes. But it comes under a broader picture and that is, we're seeing increased demand for what is called personalization and customization. And that includes tax managed, it also includes ESG, and includes factor preferences. And as mentioned before, wealth managers are looking to do more with fewer partners. So they want partners who can offer whole portfolio solutions. And that's why we are positioning ourselves to be the partner of choice. With our acquisition of Aperio, we are further enhancing our value proposition for whole portfolio SMAs [ph] across equity, fixed income, alpha factors, and index solutions. Because ultimately, we want to make it easy for wealth managers to access our investment strategies across funds, ETFs SMAs, even models, and be able to construct more resilient risk aware portfolios using our technology. So we're seeing as a result of our investment in serving more and more wealth managers, we saw 185 billion of iShare close. We're seeing strong active flows, including inflows across active mutual funds, even as the industry saw outflows. And we're reaching out to more advisors with our advisor center and our partnership with investment. Now, on the self-indexing part of your question. Look, self-indexing. indexing certainly has some advantages. And the advantages are cost and flexibility. So we're exploring constantly self-indexing in areas where there aren't well defined indices. And that would be in smart beta, in fixed income, factors, in ESG. And currently, we have six self-index ETFs. So we also continue to have great relationships with our index providers. And we believe this often significant value in having a third party provider. And clients especially institutions, often value that brands and are benchmarked to those particular indices, as well the major index providers, they provide services more than just the brand. They provide research, IP tracking, corporate events. So, we're also seeing better price competition among the index providers and the sharing of IP. And I think you've also seen our recently announced collaboration with Morningstar focused on enhancing style investing for clients to better represent the size and style mandates in the U.S. equity market. So, a lot set, but a lot of that has to do with this customization, this personalization. And as you rightfully say, a lot of that is going to be focused on tax going forward, and we want to be positioned well for that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for joining this morning for your continued interest in BlackRock. BlackRock's 2020 results are a direct result of a steadfast commitment to serve our clients and putting their needs at the center of everything we do. We will continue to invest and innovate in the years to come so we can be better helping millions of people to build up savings, to make investments easier, more affordable. We're going to continue to advance sustainability investment and contribute to a more resilient economy. All of that in my mind will be continuing to drive the success of BlackRock in 2021 and beyond. Everyone have a good start. Everyone, please feel safe. Everyone, please stay healthy. And everyone please get a vaccination. Thank you. Bye-bye now.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Maria and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. And good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2020. And I hope everyone and their families are remaining safe and healthy in the current environment.  Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results.  BlackRock's steadfast focus on serving clients, employees, shareholders and the communities in which we operate continued in the third quarter. Our strong performance during the quarter and throughout the year amid unprecedented market uncertainty is a testament to the investments we've made over time to build a diverse and resilient business model, the strength of our BlackRock brand, and the commitment of our amazing employees to always deliver for clients.  Our broad-based platform, pairing diverse investment capabilities with best-in-class technology and rigorous risk management, has now generated almost $400 billion of total net inflows over the last 12 months, representing 7% organic base fee growth.  Our voice is resonating with clients more than ever, and our ability to address their current challenges to whole portfolio solutions, no matter the market environment, is a direct result of the strategic vision we embraced well over a decade ago and grounded in the strength of our one BlackRock culture.  BlackRock generated $129 billion of total net inflows in the third quarter, representing 7% annualized organic asset growth and 9% annualized organic base fee growth. As markets strengthened during the third quarter, BlackRock leverage the entirety of its global platform to help clients meet long-term needs.  Not only did we see positive flows across all asset classes, investment styles and regions for the quarter, we have also generated positive flows over the last 12 months across each product type on our active platform, evidencing the strength of our alpha generating capabilities.  Record third quarter revenue of $4.4 billion increased 18% year-over-year, while operating income of $1.8 billion rose 17% and reflected $83 million of costs associated with a successful closed end fund launch in late September.  Record earnings per share of $9.22 was up 29% compared to a year ago, also reflecting higher non-operating income and a lower effective tax rate and diluted share count in the current quarter.  Non-operating results for the quarter included $116 million of net investment income, driven primarily by mark-to-market gains on our seed and co-investment capital, but also reflected incremental interest expense associated with our second quarter debt issuance to pre-refinance our May 2021 debt maturity. Our as adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 23%, which we estimate is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the fourth quarter of 2020.  Third quarter base fees of $3.2 billion were up 8% year-over-year, primarily driven by 6% organic asset growth and the positive impact of market beta and foreign exchange movements on average AUM, partially offset by strategic pricing changes to certain products.  Sequentially, base fees were up 9% from the second quarter, reflecting similar dynamics, but also the positive impact of one additional day in the quarter and the negative impact of lower securities lending revenue, which declined $57 million from record second quarter levels as cash spreads tightened in response to the Fed's intervention in money markets.  The impact of lower securities lending revenue during the quarter was the primary reason we saw a sequential decline of 0.2 basis points in our annualized effective feed rate, despite the positive impact of strong organic base fee growth.  Record quarterly performance fees of $532 million increased significantly on a year-over-year and sequential basis, reflecting strong overall performance from our single strategy hedge fund platform. A significant portion of the year-over-year increase in performance fees was attributable to a single hedge fund that [lapsed annulling] [ph] the third quarter and once again delivered exceptional performance over the last 12 months.  Quarterly technology services revenue increased 9% year-over-year. While recent growth has been impacted by extended sales and contracting cycles in the current environment, we remain committed to low to mid-teens growth in technology services revenue over the long term. Demand for integrated and resilient investment management technology to support effective risk management and operational efficiency has meaningfully accelerated in the complex remote work environment brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Advisory and other revenue of $42 million was down $20 million year-over-year, primarily reflecting the absence of PennyMac equity method earnings following the charitable contribution of our remaining equity stake in the first quarter.  Total expense for the third quarter was up 19% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher compensation and G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense increased 27% from a year ago, driven in part by higher incentive compensation associated with higher performance fees and operating income. And G&A expense was up $76 million year-over-year, reflecting $80 million of closed-end fund launch costs associated with the successful close of the $2 billion BlackRock Capital Allocation Trust. Recall that we exclude the impact of these product launch costs when reporting our as adjusted operating margin.  The increase in year-over-year G&A expense also reflected higher technology expense, including certain costs related to COVID-19 and lower marketing and promotional expense, which is where we categorize our T&E expenditures. Core G&A expense for the third quarter, which among other items, excludes product launch costs and certain incremental costs associated with COVID-19 was essentially flat with the second quarter. And we would continue to expect core G&A expense for the year to be generally in line with the estimates we provided in July.  Our third quarter as adjusted operating margin of 47% was up 100 basis points from a year ago, benefiting from significant performance fees in the current quarter. We remain margin aware in the current environment and committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. Our long-term strategic growth plan continues to focus on accelerating growth in Aladdin, iShares and private markets, keeping alpha at the heart of BlackRock delivering whole portfolio solutions and becoming the global leader in sustainable investing.  Our capital management strategy remains first to invest in our business and then to return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, in the second quarter, we completed our targeted level of share repurchases for 2020, including the repurchase of $1.1 billion of common shares from PNC at $415 per share. While we did not repurchase any shares of common stock in the third quarter, we intend to be opportunistic, should attractive relative valuation opportunities arise during the remainder of the year.  As you'll hear more from Larry, BlackRock has never been better positioned to deliver for clients as we leverage our unique insights, guidance and solutions to help clients meet long-term investment needs.  Third quarter organic asset growth of $129 billion reflected the diversity of our platform, with strong flows across the franchise, especially in iShares, active strategies and cash.  iShares net inflows of $41 billion represent an 8% annualized organic asset growth and 7% organic base fee growth, reflecting continued momentum in fixed income and sustainable ETFs – two strategic product categories where we have leading market share – and inflows into higher fee precision exposures as institutional buyers utilize these highly liquid trading instruments to express tactical market views.  Retail net inflows of $20 billion, representing 11% annualized organic asset growth and 12% annualized organic base fee growth, were positive in both the US and internationally and across all major asset classes. Inflows reflected broad-based strength in active fixed income, equity, liquid alternatives and multi-asset funds.  As previously mentioned, retail multi-asset flows also included the successful close of the $2 billion BlackRock Capital Allocation Trust closed-end fund made possible by the top decile performance of our global allocation investment team.  BlackRock's institutional franchise generated approximately $37 billion of net inflows in the third quarter, reflecting demand for our top performing active strategies and industry leading index capabilities and renewed client interest in fixed income.  Institutional active net inflows of $30 billion are also broad based across all product categories and were led by $12 billion of active fixed income flows, reflecting strong activity among insurance clients. Multi-asset net inflows of $11 billion were driven by continued growth in our LifePath target date franchise and OCIO client wins where BlackRock's global insights and unique ability to provide whole portfolio solutions enable us to be the partner of choice for clients.  Across our retail and institutional client segments, we generated a record $10 billion of active equity net inflows, representing our sixth consecutive quarter of positive flows in this product category. Flows were led by top performing franchises in technology, health sciences and US growth equities, as well as quantitative strategies.  We remain well positioned for future growth in our active businesses, with over 80% of fundamental active equity, scientific active equity and taxable fixed income assets performing above their respective benchmarks or peer medians for the trailing five-year period.  Overall demand for alternatives also continued, with nearly $5 billion in net inflows into illiquid and liquid alternative strategies during the third quarter, driven by infrastructure, real estate and liquid alternatives.  Momentum and fundraising remained strong as we have approximately $23 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees.  BlackRock's cash management platform continued to grow, even as the broader industry saw outflows, generating another $28 billion of net inflows in the third quarter.  In September, as gross yields fell below relevant thresholds, we did begin to waive fees on select government funds. While there was minimal impact of third quarter base fees given our proactive management of portfolios during the year, we would expect fee waivers to accelerate during the fourth quarter and into 2021.  Finally, third quarter advisory net inflows of $3 billion were primarily linked to asset purchases managed by our financial markets advisory group. Recall that revenue linked to these assignments is primarily reflected in the advisory and other revenue line item of our income statement.  The continued strength of BlackRock's results once again validates the resilience of our globally integrated asset management and technology business model, which allows us to consistently and responsibly invest for the long term, evolve ahead of client needs, and serve all of our stakeholders, no matter the market environment.  With that, I'll turn it over to Larry. 
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining the call. I hope you and all your loved ones are staying healthy and safe.  We're reporting earnings this quarter from BlackRock's New York office once again. I've been back in the office about three days per week since last month, and has been very productive and incredibly energizing as we are working diligently to help more and more clients and more and more people, both in this environment and certainly over the long run.  As investors around the world continue to deal with the pandemic and the uncertainty about the future, BlackRock is doing everything we can to help clients navigate the challenges that come with it.  Clients are looking for strategic insights on the economy and markets, including the impact of inflationary pressures and sustainability risks and opportunity across their entire portfolios. They want guidance on how to navigate market rotation and volatility. They need solutions that make their portfolios more resilient for their long-term needs and their long-term aspirations.  BlackRock is better positioned than ever before to deliver our comprehensive global investment platforms across actives and index, across asset classes and geographies and across all exposures. All of this is unified by one culture and unified by one technology platform, all to serve our clients better.  We have purposely built our business model over the last 32 years both organically and through historic transformational acquisitions to be centered around client needs. This positioning, coupled with our strong fiduciary culture, has differentiated BlackRock in the asset management industry.  Clients are entrusting us with a greater share of their assets and developing deeper partnerships with BlackRock across their whole portfolios. And this has been reflected in our results.  We generated $129 billion in total net inflows in the third quarter, representing a 7% organic asset growth and 9% organic base fee growth. Our strong organic growth underscores the benefit of the diversity of our platform. We saw positive inflows across all client types, all asset classes, all investment styles and across our regions.  We delivered 18% revenue, 17% operating income and 29% earnings growth, while at the same time expanding our as adjusted operating margin year-over-year. Consecutive quarters of strong growth through the pandemic are a testament to the flexibility and our resilience through our business model.  Our ability to aggressively embrace change, to evolve to meet our clients' needs continues today and drives our strategy for long-term growth. And I'm more convinced than ever before that our ability to meet the challenges of our clients will continue to drive future growth for BlackRock.  The global pandemic remains a key factor for investors over the near and long term. While many individuals and companies are going through a painful period of readjustment as we enter the ninth month of COVID-19, economic activity is beginning to restart around the world as fatalities and hospitalization rates per infection are dropping.  Despite renewed localized lockdowns to contain the virus clusters, the unprecedented joint monetary/fiscal policy response by many governments, including the US, is providing a bridge for disrupted income streams and has so far surprised on the upside.  This improving macro backdrop has fueled an equity market rally over the past few months, in large part due to the mega cap technology companies. Investors need to navigate growing risk in the coming months. However, including the different speeds of economic restart across countries, a lag in stimulus, particularly in the US and the upcoming US election next month, which could have significant implications on policy and on markets.  This pandemic is also accelerating key structural trends, including the fragmentation of the global economy. And what I've been repeatedly talking about, the silent crisis of retirement.  We continue to use the full breadth of our capabilities to meet the needs of our diverse client base, including pensions, insurers, and other institutions around the world, as well as wealth managers who serve millions of individuals. The strength of BlackRock's brand enables us to participate in many of the critical conversations impacting our industry and society. We're listening to our clients and bringing their voices to these conversations.  Nowhere is this more evident than in our sustainability strategy and ambitions. Investors are increasingly recognizing that sustainability considerations are central to investing in whole portfolio construction and I firmly believe this move towards ESG is a tectonic shift that will be playing out for the years to come. BlackRock is accelerating our efforts to ensure we may remain uniquely positioned to serve clients with research, investment solutions and technology.  We've grown our sustainable solutions to more than 125 iShares ETFs and over 65 dedicated active strategies. And we're now working on building new technology capabilities to help BlackRock and our clients quantify and measure factors, such as the impact of climate change on companies and on our entire portfolios.  Through our financial markets advisory group, we are leveraging our capital markets expertise, our industry leading analytics and technology, and fiduciary business model to serve governments around the world and the people they serve.  We take on these mandates to fulfill our purpose of helping more and more people experience financial wellbeing, and we approach the great responsibility that comes with it with utmost fiduciary focus and professionalism.  We're seeing clients increasingly look for alpha in their portfolios and BlackRock's top performing $2 trillion in AUM and active management platform is well positioned to deliver when they need it most.  I'm incredibly proud of the alpha our portfolio management teams across BlackRock are generating for our clients. Our ability to deliver differentiated returns as a result of our long-term investment to build an active platform with global reach, interconnectivity across teams and across regions, an unparalleled access for our teams to data and insights, integrated technology and risk management and scalable processes that enable them to do their job and to deliver more consistent outcomes over the long term.  Our active investment teams value the benefit of BlackRock's platform and this is translating into some of the strongest performance we've seen across the platform. 80% of our fundamental active equities and 87% of our taxable fixed income assets are above benchmark or peer median for the three-year period. And this is driving flows across our active business.  Our team's expertise is now being recognized. For example, our health science strategy was recently ranked number one for risk-adjusted returns out of more than 9,000 US equity mutual funds that have a 15-year track record or more.  We generated $47 billion of active inflows in the third quarter, positive across equities, positive across fixed income and multi-asset strategies, and positive across all our alternative strategies. This included record 10 billion of net inflows in active equity strategies and the successful launch of the BlackRock Capital Allocation Trust, which raised $2 billion, the second largest close-end fund launch in our history and the industry since 2013.  In the current low interest rate environment, clients are looking for yield in their portfolios. The industry saw strong client demand for fixed income strategy in the third quarter and BlackRock's diverse and comprehensive fixed income platform generated $70 billion of inflows across active and index strategies.  We also saw continued demand for our cash management strategies and generated $28 billion in net inflows despite the low rate environment and even as the industry experienced redemptions in the quarter.  iShares net inflows of $41 billion were driven by client demand across multiple product areas. Fixed income and sustainable ETFs led the way, with strong flows in core equities and precision exposures. The strong flows we were seeing across multiple product segments with iShares globally are a result of the strategic investments we made over time to support the adaptation of ETFs and the evolution of their many uses, and to build the largest, the most diverse and the most liquid platform globally.  We saw record momentum around fixed income ETFs, which continue to attract new users. iShares fixed income ETFs generated $20 billion in net inflows in the third quarter, and we have captured nearly 40% of industry flows year-to-date.  As we've said before, fixed income ETFs are one of the fastest growing categories in asset management. It crossed $1 trillion in assets last summer and now over $1.4 trillion, and we think it can be a multi-trillion dollar market in the years ahead.  iShares market leadership, our liquidity and performance under the stressed conditions early this year has meant that clients of all types globally have been turning to iShares at greater scale.  Our leadership is the result of our longstanding focus on modernizing the bond market and our long-term strategic commitment to the value, to the transparency, to the liquidity and performance that iShares fixed income ETFs can bring to clients.  Demand for sustainable products is accelerating as more investors embed ESG considerations in their portfolios. BlackRock generated another $8 billion in inflows in sustainable iShares ETFs in the third quarter and $25 billion year-to-date, more than two times the entirety of all of 2019.  We also believe that sustainable indexing is helping to expand the market for sustainability overall by expanding access to more clients who want to invest in this way. A focus on sustainability can help make portfolios more resilient and BlackRock remains committed to being the leader in this high-growth strategic segment and making sustainable investing accessible to more people worldwide.  In addition to iShares, we are also innovating the tax efficient product designs across our platform, the movement towards fee-based advice and client needs for tax optimization in their portfolios create significant opportunity for BlackRock, and we are investing heavily in both ETFs and separately managed accounts or SMAs.  We're the second largest provider of retail SMAs and we recently launched our tax managed equity index SMA strategy in the [indiscernible] RIA channels. This is an important addition to our $126 billion SMA business that has been strong growth over the past several years, particularly in fixed income where we are a market leader.  We're focused on expanding our capabilities and innovating in both solutions and portfolio enablement technology to meet the needs of our clients, our financial advisors and also their own clients.  Clients will increasingly need alternative return sources, such as private market for portfolio diversification and resilience, particularly in down markets. Alternatives are playing a critical role in holistic portfolio construction, and we have purposely invested over time to build a comprehensive, a diversified platform across infrastructure, private credit, real estate, private equity solutions, hedge funds and alternative solutions to meet client demand for this asset class.  The benefits of these investments are very clear. We generated $5 billion in net inflows across liquid and illiquid alternative strategies in the third quarter, and we deployed another $2 billion of client capital as we seek out opportunities for our clients. And as clients increase their alternative allocation within their portfolio, they're looking for a more sophisticated whole portfolio view of their entire asset base.  One of the biggest structural trends within our industry is a growing need for robust enterprise operating and risk management technology. The pandemic has accelerated the shift from fragmented technology system to unified technology platforms like Aladdin that can support the increased need for risk transparency across asset classes and the construction of more resilient portfolios. And it's also highlighting the importance of a better understanding of sustainability risk and opportunities in portfolios.  BlackRock is expanding Aladdin's ESG data and analytics, and we recently released over 1,500 third-party ESG metrics to Aladdin clients. We're developing new Aladdin products as well that serve a growing demand and need for better tools to manage climate risk in investments. And we're very excited to having early conversation with our clients about Aladdin Climate.  BlackRock is a global company, with employees in over 30 countries and clients in more than 100 countries. I have spoken before about the importance of being immersed in local markets around the world, so we can respond to the unique needs and objectives of these clients in their home market and effectively delivering all of BlackRock's capabilities.  We are seeing the benefits of that approach, with clients in Europe and Asia entrusting us with more than $57 billion of long-term net inflows in the third quarter, representing nearly half of our total organic growth during this period, and we continue to use our expertise to improve issues such as investor access and retirement for more people around the world.  In Brazil, we have worked with local regulators and exchanges to cross-list ETFs on a local exchange, which will reduce barriers for Brazilians to access global markets. With rates at an all-time historical low of 2%, the current backdrop has never been more favorable for Brazilians to diversify their holdings, and BlackRock is well positioned to capture that opportunity.  Clients are increasingly interested in emerging markets as long-term investments, including China which is the world's second largest economy and a key area for investment return opportunities and portfolio diversification.  Many of our clients expect us to both understand and invest in this market on their behalf because it is an important component in achieving their long-term financial goals. Having a local presence in China will help us better serve clients globally. We also believe that we could apply our global expertise in China as the country seeks to reform and open its financial markets and address its own retirement needs.  During the quarter, we received regulatory approval that allows us to take the next steps towards forming a wholly own fund management company and a wealth management company joint venture.  To anticipate what client needs and evolve our platform to meet these changing needs, BlackRock is continuously working to ensure our senior-most leaders represent the breadth of our business, the depth of our talent and diversity of our clients we serve.  We recently added three new members to our global executive committee. I'm more excited about our BlackRock organization, our people and the strength of our leadership bench than at any time in our 32 year history. I continue to be incredibly proud of our 16,000 employees who partner with clients, they uphold our culture, they live our purpose each and every day. Together, we have helped a lot of people navigate this crisis. We are helping people invest for their future and we're helping governments get their economies back on track.  Our employees are earning our clients' trust because of the high standards we hold ourselves to. We are true to who we are, we are living with purpose, we have a voice that's resonating with more clients than ever before.  I see a tremendous opportunity ahead. And BlackRock remains focused on the long-term, on aggressively embracing change, and evolving so we can best serve our clients over time.  I look forward to extending on our ambitious plans in the year ahead. With that, let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Michael Carrier of Bank of America. 
Michael Carrier: The strength in active flows was better than expected and better than what you are seeing industrywide? I'm just curious, what are you seeing as the driver specific to BlackRock, whether it's client, product specific. And then, based on conversations, either you see more follow through for this demand going forward? Thanks. 
Laurence Fink: Let me have Rob answer that question. And I may do a color backdrop after that. 
Rob Kapito: Mike, I think that you would agree that, in the environment that we are experiencing this year, every single bit of alpha generation is critical to our clients. I think Larry said it well. We're very proud of the strong active performance that we have across all asset classes. And I think this is a result of our investments to build a platform. And this platform now has global reach, the interconnectivity across the teams and regions, unparalleled access to data and insights through the creation of the BlackRock Investment Institute. We have now fully integrated our technology and risk management and we have very scalable processes. So, this platform is really enabling our teams, and I would say our strong teams, to deliver much more consistent outcomes over the long term for our clients when they need it the most. And if we generate alpha and we have that performance, then assets will come in because the clients need them.  Anything to add, Larry?
Laurence Fink: Let me just add another thing. Obviously, performance matters. And I believe the most important characteristic of our active inflows, both in fixed income and equities, is a function of our whole portfolio approach. As more and more retail moves to fee based, it is much more of a solution orientation, it's much more about a whole portfolio approach. And under COVID now, with the connection with the financial advisor and the RIAs to their clients is now done remotely, the need for investment technology, like Aladdin for Wealth, is even more important. And so, having BlackRock play a role and building deeper relationships between the advisor and their clients, providing better risk analytics, it allows us to have, in our models, our products in front of that too. And it's a combination of performance, but also over a 15-year horizon of building this enterprise to do that connectedness and then using that enterprise and all the culture of interconnectedness among portfolio teams, I believe it's driving better alpha and driving a better connectivity with those leading towards more consistent inflows across active and index type of strategies. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. 
Craig Siegenthaler: I want to circle back on the strong flows across all client segments in fixed income. And I think we know part of this is driven by overall risk aversion and also heavy rebalancing. But just given where rates are today, do you think some of this strong fixed income migration is eventually diverted into other areas like alternatives and equities? And then, within fixed income, maybe into more higher yielding segments like structured credit, loans and high yield? 
Rob Kapito: Craig, even in the face of sustained low rates, clients are going to need fixed income in their portfolios to meet their long-term goals, to match their liabilities. And I think in a period like this, what you might find is people stretching for yield. And we try to make sure that they're not overextending and taking too much risk for that yield. But I think, clearly, what you will see is a migration from low yielding government securities to corporates and high yield, which took place, to private credit which is taking place and for alternatives which have become less alternative to have a stronger and larger percentage of a client's portfolio. So, that is why, as Larry has mentioned, it's important to have the breadth of products that we have across fixed income, so that people can migrate to capture that higher yield. And it extends from cash to short duration fixed income, to illiquid alternative allocations. And it really is the full spectrum.  It also will move into multi-asset flows. And that's why our business, in creating multi asset products, are helping those clients to capture that additional yield, which is so critical right now, without taking too much risk. 
Laurence Fink: I would just add. There's no question, Craig, government bonds are going to play less and less of a role for most retirement portfolios. They still play a big role in bank portfolios and other regulated institutions. But unquestionably, you would own government bonds for liquidity purposes, you certainly would not use government bonds for income purposes. And so, you are going to have a migration across to different asset classes and different asset categories. And so, as Rob suggested, I believe our comprehensive platform within fixed income, having a strong, purposeful ETF platform in fixed income, which we've been advocating since 2012, a historical strong fixed income organization since the beginning of our firm has allowed us to have a differentiation in flows. And as I said, I certainly believe fixed income ETFs are going to play a bigger and larger component over the entire fixed income market. And with our positioning and with our constant educating clients worldwide on how can they use fixed income ETFs for their portfolio composition needs in fixed income is going to continue to drive our, I would say, above-industry trends in fixed income. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: Larry, just to focus on your comments on sustainable investing a little bit more deeply. Obviously, you showed a lot of leadership here with, I believe, $125 billion in AUM. And you cited the iShares franchise, it's over $50 billion in AUM, if I'm not mistaken, with $8 billion in flows. Could you possibly update us on what you think flows were in sustainable product outside of the iShares in the quarter? I think the goal was to get to $1 trillion eventually by the end of the decade. Maybe just thoughts on how active management can play a role in your product lineup in addition to the passive side in ETFs? And maybe just also on the – weaving that ESG into the technology side, if you can comment on that on Aladdin and Aladdin for Wealth as well. 
Laurence Fink: As I said in my 2020 CEO letter, we believe climate risk is investment risk. And I do believe that – when I wrote the letter, obviously, the pandemic was not top of mind at all. It was some virus that was in China that we didn't really understand as much. And obviously, now, it changed the course of the book. The pandemic, in many cases, created an existential health risk. And I do believe, at the same time, we are seeing more and more climate change impact, and that is an existential risk.  So, I think what we are witnessing and what we're hearing from clients, COVID has made climate change more top of mind. We're having more dialogues worldwide than ever before. And more dialogues here even in the United States. In the United States, we have to operate as a fiduciary in the law of this land. Our labor department has required all investments as a fiduciary to ensure that everything you do is about maximization of return.  We need to continue to drive technology and information to show how climate change is investment risk, and this is why we are so focused on Aladdinizing data for climate change. And as I said earlier, we are creating Aladdin Climate as one of the components of Aladdin, and we hope to be rolling that out. We're working with many different sustainable data providers to put that on Aladdin. And so, as a result of it, we need to as a fiduciary to show why climate risk for [indiscernible] why it is investment risk. But we're seeing across the board, whether it's individual investors, whether it is family offices, that they don't need as much data or documentation that they believe that climate change is investment risk. I would say, in Europe, more than ever before, if you do not have a climate overlay on everything you do, you will not see any real flows. It is now a requirement in Europe to have a sustainable lens if you're investing across all those countries of Europe.  And now, that's beginning to even have conversations in Asia. And most recently, we've had conversations in China about the role of climate change on long-term retirement assets and how should they play it.  So, getting into some of the details, we currently have about $127 billion in sustainable products. We are reaffirming the $1 trillion. We believe that we'll be able to reach that. As you frame the question, obviously, we talked much about the index related or the ETF related sustainable products. I did note that we have about 67 different active strategies related to sustainability. But let's be clear to, it is our ambition in our fundamental equities, it is our ambition in our fundamental fixed income to have sustainability as an overlay in everything we do. And we're not there yet. And we said in our client letter that we'll be getting there within a year and we believe we'll meet that objective.  So, we do believe that we can provide that information to our clients who are seeking it out. And we are working with all clients. Let me be clear. Some clients still do not believe in climate change, and we're working with them. We're trying to show them why we believe it is. But if a client is still seeking to invest in an index that happens to have hydrocarbons, as a fiduciary, we're going to continue to invest for them on their behalf. It is their money and not our money. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys: Just on consolidation, it seems to be picking up across the industry. And if that does continue and if we see larger mergers and mergers across the value chain, I guess, how do you think this could impact the competitive dynamics and industry structure? And in what scenario would BlackRock participate in? And what could make sense for BlackRock here? 
Laurence Fink: Well, since my CFO is an investment banker who is responsible for a lot of historical M&A in the industry, let's have Gary respond. 
Gary Shedlin: Transformed investment banker. Maybe just a few observations on what we're seeing today. I think I would characterize that there's very little surprise from our standpoint by the recent acceleration and consolidation in the industry. If you think a couple of the trends that are out there, we're seeing obviously revenue and expense pressures increasing. And that was even before the pandemic. We've talked about the importance of multi asset investment capabilities and how critical they are to addressing whole portfolio solutions. We've talked about technology expertise, whether to support operational infrastructure, risk management, portfolio construction, or even digital distribution, that is really becoming a need-to-have and not a nice-to-have. And whether or not you are a global firm or not, you need to have global insights to be able to give your clients the best advice.  If you think about those last three trends, in particular, BlackRock really identified those last three trends well over a decade ago and we began the evolution to really purposely build the firm to what it is today. And in many cases, see today's consolidation activity as a validation of the strength of the business model that we've created.  And so, while we see the industry continue to consolidate really in the hopes of creating what we already have – think about global reach, scale, best-in-class technology and risk management, diverse investment capabilities, from passive to active, the ability to build whole portfolio solutions – our intention is really to maintain our focus on our existing strategy, and effectively, to just be a beacon of stability in a world that's going to be ever consolidating.  And as consolidation accelerates, I think we feel more strongly than ever that we're going to benefit from the disruption that it's going to create, and we'll likely to continue to gain share. Large scale integrations are not easy, especially when today's deals are really driven by a need to cut costs quickly, which means you have to combine disparate operating cultures, you have to rationalize investment teams with different processes, and you have to take advantage of distribution relationships that overlap and, in many cases, are not unique across the industry.  So, from our standpoint, our M&A strategy has not changed. We will consider inorganic opportunities only if they are accretive to our long-term organic growth. We are not looking to take advantage of cost efficiencies to drive EPS secretion. We are much more focused on thinking about tactical M&A that will broaden our technology capabilities, expand our global distribution reach and potentially scale certain parts of our private markets franchise, but really are much less focused on the pursuit of traditional investment management consolidation.  And I think as many of you have seen, we're also looking to more aggressively use our balance sheet to take minority investments where control deals may not make sense. And I think we've had great success in things like investment in iCapital and Scalable Capital, which are much more focused on digital distribution and really trying to utilize technology for flow as opposed to necessarily technology to drive revenue growth of the technology line itself. 
Michael Cyprys: Very good. I like that word beacon. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: I wanted to ask you guys around some of the operational lessons learned from the COVID environment for the last, call it, six months or so. On the one hand, it sounds like opportunities for Aladdin could accelerate, given the challenges faced by the financial advisor community. But also, I was curious if you guys are rethinking some of your own G&A footprint and how that could sort of evolve once the world normalizes. Thanks. 
Gary Shedlin: Look, I think the biggest lesson learned, obviously, was that we were able to very quickly migrate from 16,000 people in 60 offices to 16,000 people in 16,000 offices. And I think, obviously, our commitment to a single technology operating system was absolutely crucial to our ability to migrate that way.  Obviously, we had some early bumps in terms of just trying to get people the technology, they necessarily need at home, but I think we transitioned seamlessly into that environment. And I think, frankly, the performance, whether financially or operationally, over the last six plus months is certainly evidence for that.  I think that, as it relates to the broader pandemic, I think that we have seen, frankly, an acceleration in almost every single strategic trend that we were guiding the business towards pre-pandemic post-pandemic. And so, I think the pandemic has really accelerated our growth opportunities and everything that we were focused on before, if you think about it, whether it was ETFs and the performance of fixed income ETFs through the pandemic, we talked about technology, Larry mentioned how important it's going to be to get private assets into whole portfolio solutions we were investing there, whole portfolio solutions more broadly, sustainability which we kicked off before the pandemic was a reality. It's obviously been accelerating incredibly strongly.  So, I think in many cases, that pandemic has really driven for us many more of the themes that we were pointing the business towards, and we feel will clearly accelerate growth as a result.  As it relates to getting back to the office, I'll have Larry jump back in there. I think that we are doing the call from the New York office today. There's no question that employee wellbeing remains our priority and we'll be following all the official guidance and putting the health and safety of our employees first always as we look to return to the office. And we are continuing to operate on a split operations basis. But, look, we're still operating with only about 6% to 7% of our employees back in the office. Well, I think we can get through that today operationally. I think, over time, I think the culture of BlackRock is still an office type of culture where innovation has always been driven by having people working together. And I think longer term, we're going to hope that we get back there as quickly as we can. 
Laurence Fink: I would just add. There are many lesson that we're learning from the horrificness of the pandemic and the health concerns. I don't think any of us thought we could operate as efficiently remotely. As Gary said, now we're operating in 16,000 offices. I believe that was one of the great fears, could we actually accomplish that, can we have the operational efficiencies working remotely. And by and large, many large companies, including BlackRock, have learned that, yes, we can work remotely without much in terms of degradation of operational efficiencies. We still have some of the cultural issues that I'm particularly worried about. But let's be clear, I don't believe we will have 100% back in office even when we have 100% solutions related to the virus. I believe this will become a blessing. I believe this is going to be considered a benefit if we could have –30%, 40% of our workforce that they can work remotely at periods of time during the year. Can you imagine how each city will have reduced congestion? Think about what that would do to the environment. Think about it, your average employee commutes on average an hour each way that we free up for a portion of the year, two hours of their day. They can spend that two hours doing more work, they could spend two hours improving their health by exercising, they could spend two hours more in building a deeper, stronger, more resilient family.  And so, there are many blessings through this. And I think we're all going to be adapting doing this. And I do believe society will be better off through these processes. And so, this is what we're talking about related to BlackRock. We have to stay in front of our clients' needs. We have to adapt. And I think one of the great adaptations that we're going to learn from the horrificness of COVID is working remotely and having a – but having still some core part of your enterprise working in office. And I think this is all going to be a real positive lesson. And it will create another dynamism for all our economies.  And so, I look at this as a great learning experience. We're benefiting from this and our clients could benefit from this also. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon of Jefferies. 
Dan Fannon: The question on flows, the 50% of flows coming from Europe and Asia. Curious if that's a record and whether that was reflective of a surge in gross sales, lower redemptions, or any kind of outsize mandate wins. And then just thinking about the momentum in that business, how we should think about the contribution from these regions going forward? 
Gary Shedlin: Dan, great question. Obviously, one quarter is always hard to basically make any significant trends. And so, I think we always have to think about this more broadly. Obviously, we're seeing institutional wealth clients facing a variety of complex challenges. We're seeing pensions are underfunded. We're seeing insurers dealing with, obviously, sharp increases in payouts and declining asset values. We're seeing financial advisors adapt to new ways of interacting with their clients, and obviously, individuals who are more dependent on retirement savings, which obviously are more challenging.  Clients globally are reacting to all of those things. And they're allocating to a variety of different countries and sectors and growth areas, whether it's US tech or underappreciated areas like emerging markets. And everybody is considering their own specific challenges at one point in time.  But I think the more broad point for us is that, while there's unique issues related to each of those geographic areas, clients in all the regions and all types are really turning to us. And we've talked about the positive flows we've seen across the board delivering alpha and the fact that we had, in this particular quarter, a number of flows coming from clients in Europe and Asia. But I think we are obviously a global firm. We're investing globally, we're spending a lot of time and energy investing in our European franchise, as well as our Asian franchise. Larry has talked before about our commitment to becoming local in each of the countries in which we operate, which I think is reinforcing the commonality and the uniqueness of BlackRock brand, but trying to be specifically local to each of those countries and basically pushing a lot of the decision making closer to where the clients are more broadly as a firm. And I think trends around sustainability as well are obviously critically important as we see countries outside of the US adapting to that much more quickly than we are.  So, I think it's just indicative of our global footprint and the fact that we're trying to basically invest all around the world to make sure that we can deliver for our clients. 
Laurence Fink: Dan, I would just add to what Gary said. I think it speaks very loudly of our comprehensive platform worldwide and our commitment to be local in every community we operate.  I would say the other thing is us really helping clients understand the utilization of ETFs. The US was years ahead of Europe and Asia. And Europe is slowly catching up. ETF adaptation in Europe and Asia is accelerating. And I would also say we are seeing more consistent retail flows in EMEA across all products. And so, I think this is – some of it is a new trend, but I think the trend towards ETFs is just the beginning of a big macro trend.  I also believe as more financial advisors worldwide are moving to fee base and are moving to more of a fiduciary relationship, it means more whole portfolio solutions. And no firm is better positioned because of our emphasis of being local, our comprehensiveness and our ability to work with our clients worldwide on the adaptation of more products and different products. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks? 
Laurence Fink: Thank you, operator. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Hopefully you could hear from all of us, we're very proud of the progress we made to help our clients navigate this turbulent investment landscape and building for our clients a more resilient portfolio.  I am more convinced than ever before of BlackRock's ability to meet our clients' challenges will continue to drive our growth in the future.  I've always said that companies with long-term visions and purpose at the center of their strategies are those that will succeed over the long run. BlackRock's long-term vision to build a platform that is centered around our clients is resonating. Our focus on the long term is fueling our investments in BlackRock's people, in all the communities where we operate and in our platform as we continue to evolve ahead of our clients' needs.  I can assure you, we will continue to invest and innovate in the years to come and to serve all our stakeholders, our clients, our employees, our communities, and obviously, our shareholders.  This is still our purpose in helping more and more people experience financial wellbeing and a better hope for a better future. And I wish all of you a safe and healthy fourth quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Maria, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Mead. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Chris Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the second quarter of 2020. I hope everyone and their families are remaining safe and healthy in the current environment. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on as-adjusted results. BlackRock's ability to deliver for clients, employees, the communities in which we operate, and our shareholders, no matter the market environment, is a testament to the resilience of our differentiated business model, which has been purposely built with a mindset of consistently investing for the long-term. Our performance throughout the COVID-19 crisis, including the strength of these second quarter results, is a direct result of the scaled business model, supported by diverse global investment capabilities, best-in-class technology, and rigorous risk management. Our whole portfolio approach is fostering deeper partnerships, and now more than ever clients want to hear from BlackRock. BlackRock generated $100 billion of total net flows in the second quarter, reflecting 6% annualized organic asset growth and 10% organic base fee growth, as clients re-risk and once again turned to BlackRock for solutions-oriented advice to meet their long-term investment needs. Organic growth reflected record flows into iShares fixed income ETFs and Active Equity, fifth consecutive quarter of positive flows in this product category and continued leadership in cash management solutions. Momentum also continued in sustainable strategies and illiquid alternatives. Second quarter revenue of $3.6 billion increased 4% year-over-year and operating income of $1.4 billion rose by 10%. Earnings per share of $7.85 was up 22% compared to a year ago, also reflecting higher non-operating income, a lower effective tax rate, and a lower diluted share count in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter included $210 million of net investment income, driven primarily by mark-to-market gains on unhedged seed capital investments and our minority stake in Envestnet and also reflected incremental interest expense associated with the successful pre-refinancing of our May 2021 debt maturity. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 23%. We continue to estimate that 23% is a reasonable projected tax rate for the remainder of 2020, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on previously enacted tax legislation. Second quarter base fees of $3 billion were up 2% year-over-year, primarily driven by organic growth and higher securities lending revenue, partially offset by the negative impact of equity beta and foreign exchange movements on average AUM and strategic pricing changes to certain products. Securities lending revenue increased 40% year-over-year and 33% sequentially, primarily driven by higher average on loan balances as hedge fund leverage recovered from March lows and higher cash spreads. Sequentially, base fees were down 3% despite higher securities lending revenue and positive organic growth in the quarter due to the significant impact of first quarter global market declines and foreign exchange movements on our second quarter entry rate and average AUM. The impact of negative divergent beta was also the primary reason we saw a decline of 0.2 basis points sequentially in our second quarter effective fee rate. Performance fees of $112 million increased 75% from a year ago, reflecting higher revenue from alternative and long-only equity products. Since the end of the first quarter, we have seen strong performance from certain single strategy hedge funds, which better positions us to generate performance fees in the second half of the year. Technology services revenue increased 17% year-over-year reflecting continued momentum in Aladdin and the impact of the eFront acquisition, which closed in May of last year. Since acquiring eFront, we have executed on our integration plan and feedback from current and prospective clients as well as our own alternatives team has been overwhelmingly positive. We remain committed to low-to-mid teens growth in technology services revenue over the long term, driven by new clients, deeper relationships with existing clients, and expansion of Aladdin's functionality. The operational and financial impacts of this crisis underscore more than ever the need for robust enterprise operating and risk management technology solutions. However, as mentioned last quarter and despite successfully implementing over 18 Aladdin go-lives since the pandemic began, near-term revenue growth may be impacted by extended sales and contracting cycles in the current environment. Advisory and other revenue of $39 million was down $25 million sequentially, primarily reflecting the absence of PennyMac equity method earnings following the charitable contribution of our remaining equity stake in the first quarter as well as lower transition management assignments. Total expense was essentially flat year-over-year, driven in part by higher compensation and lower G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 6% year-over-year, reflecting higher base fee and incentive compensation driven in part by higher performance fees. G&A expense was down $82 million year-over-year and $165 million sequentially, primarily due to significant amounts of non-core G&A expense, including contingent consideration fair value adjustments, foreign exchange re-measurement, and product launch deal and legal costs in prior periods. Second quarter G&A expenses of $388 million, which included $12 million related to a fixed asset impairment and several million dollars of incremental costs associated with COVID-19, also reflected meaningfully lower G&A expense versus pre-pandemic levels. In January, we communicated an expectation for an approximate 5% increase in 2020 core G&A expense versus comparable 2019 levels, driven by continued investment in technology and market data, including sustainability initiatives and the full year impact of the eFront acquisition. At present, given reduced levels of T&E in the current environment, we would expect core G&A expense for the year to be closer to 2% higher than comparable 2019 levels. Our second quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 43.7% was up 60 basis points from a year ago, primarily reflecting lower G&A expense in the current quarter. We remain margin aware and committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. Our long-term strategic growth plan continues to be focused on iShares, illiquid alternatives, and technology as well as driving sustainable investing and creating whole portfolio solutions. As you will hear more from Larry, we have never been better positioned to deliver for clients and to continue generating differentiated organic growth. With that in mind, we expect to restart selective hiring in the second half of this year. Our capital management strategy remains first, to invest in our business and then return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. During our first quarter earnings call, we reaffirmed commitments to both our dividend and share repurchase plans for the year. In late April, we completed the debt issuance to increase liquidity in the current environment, take advantage of historically low interest rates, and pre-refinance our $750 million 4.25% notes due May 2021. We successfully issued $1.25 billion of new 10-year notes with a 1.9% coupon, which was the lowest U.S. dollar coupon in BlackRock's debt stack and the second lowest 10-year coupon ever from a financial issuer. And in May, PNC successfully monetized its entire 22% position in BlackRock through a secondary stock offering, culminating a 25-year partnership with our firm. This transaction effectively completes BlackRock's evolution to a 100% publicly held company, and we are humbled by the commitment of many of our largest and longest tenured shareholders who participated in the offering and welcome a number of significant new investors to our company. In connection with the secondary sale, BlackRock repurchased $1.1 billion of its shares directly from PNC at a price of $415 per share. In total, we've now repurchased $1.5 billion worth of common shares during 2020, completing our targeted level of share repurchases for the year, but we'll remain opportunistic should attractive relative valuation opportunities arise. Over the past 15 weeks, BlackRock has been more connected to clients than ever before, offering differentiated advice and solutions that are unique to our globally integrated and scaled investment and technology platform. Organic growth of a $100 billion in the second quarter, suggest that these clients want to hear from us from us now more than ever. iShares net inflows of $51 billion, representing 11% annualized organic asset growth and 13% annualized organic base fee growth reflected continued growth in fixed income and sustainable ETF, partially offset by outflows from precision international equity exposures, as institutions continue to use these instruments for tactical allocation decision. Year-to-date, iShares net inflows are now in line with a year ago, despite a more challenging first quarter, led by strong growth in the second quarter. Many of the trends that favor the growth of ETFs have been further catalyzed as a result of recent market disruption and coupled with the performance and resilience of iShares during this period has strengthened our conviction in the overall growth outlook for ETFs. iShares fixed income ETFs generated record quarterly net inflows of $57 billion in the second quarter, driven by renewed investor appetite for fixed income and acceleration in long-term secular growth trends and even stronger investor confidence in fixed income ETFs following their strong performance in that market stress earlier this year. Momentum in sustainable iShares also continues with $8 billion of net inflows in the second quarter. iShares remain committed to its goal of increasing investor access, sustainable investing through ETFs and we now lead the market globally in this high-growth strategic product category. Retail net inflows of $16 billion representing 11% annualized organic asset growth, were positive in both the U.S. and international. Inflows were led by high-yield bond, active equity, and event-driven liquid alternatives funds. Institutional net outflows of $5 billion reflected approximately $3 billion of active inflows, primarily driven by fixed income, LifePath Target Date Funds, OCIO, systematic active equity, and illiquid alternative strategies, offset by nearly $8 billion of net index outflows primarily in fixed income. Institutional and retail demand for alternatives continued in the second quarter with approximately $3 billion of net inflows across liquid and illiquid strategies, driven by infrastructure, private equity solutions, and our event-driven hedge fund. We currently have approximately $24 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. BlackRock's cash management platform crossed $600 of AUM during the quarter, driven by $24 billion of net inflows. A significant portion of that growth was driven by corporate clients who acted to reinforce balance sheets and strengthen liquidity in the current environment and we also witnessed strong flows back into institutional prime funds. As gross yields have remained above relevant thresholds, we have not waived fees on flagship government funds to-date. However, we expect potential fee waivers may be implemented during the second half of the year. Finally, second quarter advisory net inflows of $14 billion were primarily linked to asset purchases managed by our financial markets advisory group. Revenue linked to these assignments is primarily reflected in the advisory and other revenue line item of our income statement. BlackRock's second quarter results once again demonstrate the resilience of our platform, underscore the importance of our deep long-standing partnerships with clients, and highlight the value of investments we have made over time. The diversification and breadth of our business positions us to serve stakeholders in a variety of environments and to continue playing offense, so we are able to deliver for clients, employees, and shareholders, both during and after this crisis. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. I know this continues to be a difficult time for many people. So, first and foremost, I hope you all are staying healthy and safe. Our clients are turning to BlackRock more than ever as they face increasingly uncertainty about the future. Pensions, many of them already underfunded are having an even harder time meeting their liabilities in a persistent low-rate environment. Insurers are dealing with the dual impact of a sharp increase in payouts and declining asset values. Individuals are becoming even more dependent on their retirement savings, which are all the more challenging to build in this environment. People have now worked for months home, while also maintaining distance from their friends and loved ones. This prolonged isolation is increasingly many people's desire for connectivity. I feel this way. I see it across all our people at BlackRock. I'm hearing it from our clients worldwide. BlackRock's strong fiduciary culture and our unified operating and technology platform has allowed us to adapt to serve and connect with our clients through this period. Across all segments, all geographies, clients have sought timely, contextualized context to help them analyze economic indicators, understand policy actions, make sense of these turbulent markets and rebalance their portfolios accordingly. BlackRock's strategy has been centered around sharing the insights that meet this demand and delivering the comprehensive investment and technology solutions our clients need to build resilient portfolios. We are bringing together the entirety of the BlackRock platform for more clients in more ways than ever before. And as a result, clients are entrusting BlackRock with a greater share of their assets through deeper partnership. BlackRock generated a $100 billion in net inflows in the second quarter, representing 6% organic asset growth and 10% organic base fee growth. Our platform was positioned to meet this client demand because of investments we made over time to build a truly client-centric business. It is critical that we continue to invest in our business through these difficult times, not only to serve clients and shareholders, but to support our employees and communities now more than ever, the compassion forward-thinking will be essential to our future. The human toll of COVID-19 continues to be severe. The virus is highly infectious. Therapies remain elusive, and vaccinations are still months away. While economic pressures are not comparable to the human loss, month-long shutdowns have been devastating to those who have lost their jobs and income. Over the past few weeks, government leaders have been forced to make inevitable choices between stemming the virus and reopening the economy. In some emerging market countries, these choices are even more difficult given the fragility of their economic systems, the fragility of their healthcare infrastructure, and the lack of fiscal and monetary space. Despite this backdrop, financial markets have rebounded as historic stimulus measures by the world's central banks and governments have been unquestionably successful in limiting investor fears. These policy measures, combined with the anticipated pace of recovery has fueled optimism in the market. The S&P 500, for example, has bounced back more than 40% since its lows in March and is once again approaching a record high. We are speaking to you from our New York City offices as BlackRock employees begin their return to the office in split operations on Monday. I remain cautiously optimistic about our path to recovery, and I'm heartened as we begin to return to somewhat normalcy. There will be positive societal changes from this pandemic despite the uncertainty and the suffering it is causing today. More companies will adopt a more permanent remote work coming out of this crisis, which will have a positive environmental impact as congestion eases in cities and hopefully, improve quality of life for more people. And uptake in the use of technology by more people than ever before will catalyze change in many industries, including asset and wealth management. At the same time, local and national governments must grapple with the lingering economic toll of the pandemic, including its potential to exasperate income and equality if the real and financial economies remain divergent. BlackRock is leveraging the full breadth of our capabilities to meet our clients where they are, be relevant in their changing needs and to provide them with solutions. Aladdin has enabled BlackRock and its clients to seamlessly operate from home. iShares ETFs have provided investors with transparency, liquidity, and price discovery -- and price discovery during periods of extreme market stress. Clients turn to our scaled cash management platform for liquidity and safety, driving $77 billion of inflows in the first half of this year. And BlackRock's ability to be whole portfolio partners for clients have proven critical as more institutional and client and wealth clients are turning to us for help, designing and implementing a more resilient portfolio. Our client-centric approach drove $18 billion of net inflows year-to-date in BlackRock managed models and outsourced CIO solutions. Our strong fiduciary culture is resonating in the depth of our relationship and the strength of our results. As in the past times of crisis, BlackRock's financial markets advisory team has been once again called upon to serve governments and the broader public. FMA's work as an adviser extends back to 1994, and the work they are doing today with five governments around the world, including the New York Federal Reserve Bank, on programs that support the economy is another reflection of BlackRock's ability to deliver insights and information. These recent partnerships are also a testament to the trust we have earned executing these types of assignments over time and the trust of clients and regulators have in BlackRock's culture. Volatile markets create opportunities for generating alpha and we are seeing the benefits across our active platforms, which is top performing with 82% of both fundamental active equities and taxable fixed income assets above benchmarks were peer median for the three-year period. Strong active performance across a number of our flagship mutual fund franchises drove global retail net inflows of $16 billion in the second quarter, positive across the United States, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. Flows globally were led by demand in our top-performing high-yield bonds, our health science products, our technology funds, supported by our global distribution reach, and a deepening partnership with wealth managers and financial advisers around the world as they turn to BlackRock for insight and whole portfolio solutions. Across retail and institutional active equities were generated -- generated a record $8 billion of net inflows, our fifth consecutive inflow quarter for active equities. The momentum we are seeing is a direct result of our investment to evolve the platform with better data, analytics, technology, and a more informed risk-taking culture with global scale and reach. Our diverse and top-performing active fixed income platform was well-positioned for renewed client appetite in the second quarter and saw $13 billion of inflows following outflows across the industry in the first quarter. Growth was driven by high-yield and the second close of the BlackRock securitized investor fund, which invests in assets financed under an adjacent to the recently reintroduced Federal Reserve term asset-backed security loan facility. Client demand is strong across our top-performing fixed income platform, which includes five of the 29 Morningstar gold-related active fixed income mutual funds in the United States. Clients need differentiated, sustainable alpha in their portfolios more than ever before. BlackRock has never been better positioned to meet their needs and I'm confident we will continue to generate the differentiated organic growth in all our active strategies. BlackRock is working with our clients in more ways in both active and index. iShares generated $51 billion of net inflows in the second quarter led by demand for fixed income and sustainable, partially offset by outflows in certain precision and core international equity ETFs as clients use iShares to rebalance the core of their portfolios or express risk off sentiments in Europe and the emerging market equities. iShares has a purposeful, differentiating business model that serves the broadest set of clients with the most diverse set of ETFs. Our combination of value, performance, and versatility allows us to effectively serve individuals, partner with financial advisers and wealth managers, and enable institutional investors with a tool for strategy and tactical allocations and liquidity management. Client demand for iShares is accelerating globally, particularly in fixed income and sustainability, and in the RIH where our flows are up meaningfully and our leading market share position has further strengthened since the movement to commission-free trading by U.S. brokerage firms last year. We remain confident in the long-term growth of both iShares and the ETF industry. iShares fixed income ETFs generated a record $57 billion of net inflows in the second quarter. Through extreme market turbulence, they functioned incredibly well, which is unlocking new source of client demand globally and particularly, pension funds, insurers, and asset managers, including over 60 first-time institutional clients of fixed income ETFs in the first half of this year are increasingly turning to ETFs as a preferred technology for liquidity, transparency, lower transaction costs, and a better price discovery across market cycles and across the fixed income market. They are using ETFs for active fixed income strategies and we continue to believe fixed income ETFs can double in the next five years to $2 trillion with iShares leading the market. Demand for sustainable products continue to accelerate as clients are increasingly turning to ESG, not only for investments that reflect their values, but also to enhance performance, risk management, and portfolio construction. BlackRock generated a record $17 billion in sustainable iShares ETFs inflows year-to-date, outpacing the $12 billion from all of 2019 as we innovate and expand innovate and expand innovate and expand access to sustainable investment solutions. For example, last year, when we launched our Liquid Environmentally Aware Fund or LEAF strategy, it was the first money market fund to incorporate ESG. In one year, it has grown to $13 billion. Last year, we launched four iShares ESG asset allocation ETFs, the first of their kind and together with other launches, we now have more than three quarters of the way towards our three-year commitment of 150 ESG ETF offerings. We are also developing sustainable data analytics within Aladdin to address the need for better data and better technology to focus on climate risk. We continue to anticipate BlackRock's sustainable assets under management will reach $1 trillion by the end of the decade, and we are focused on investing in this fast-growing area. We are seeing increased demand for private market strategies as clients look for uncorrelated sources of return to meet their long duration liabilities. We generated over $3 billion of illiquid alternative inflows and commitments in the quarter, driven by infrastructure and our private equity solutions. Infrastructure will be a key component to driving growth as we look ahead to restarting the global economy. Infrastructure investments benefit not only investors, but create jobs in local community for individuals who work on the development, operations, maintenance of such assets. BlackRock has purposely built a diversified infrastructure investment team, which now manages $28 billion in client assets and we look forward to partnering with more clients in this asset class. Our results today are all enabled by our unified technology platform, which is a significant differentiator and growth driver for BlackRock. Technology services revenues grew by 17% year-over-year, as clients turn to Aladdin for comprehensive end-to-end technology that supports the entire investment process. As Gary mentioned, it has been one year since we acquired eFront, and we recently crossed an important milestone with our first client going live on joint Aladdin and eFront solution. Trends that have fueled Aladdin’s growth across institutional, wealth, and provider segments are only accelerating out of this crisis. We continue to target low to mid-teens technology services revenue growth over the long-term. Two years ago, I wrote about the importance of every company operating with a sense of purpose, that in order to deliver durable long-term returns, company needs to focus on all their stakeholders, not just their shareholders. This has been further amplified by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our investment stewardship team, which has been speaking with companies for years on these issues, have intensified their focus and dialogue with companies over the last few years to better understand how they are managing the S in ESG. Asking questions like how are they -- how are corporations protecting and inspiring their employees? How are we contributing to society? How are they balancing the pressure of society with efforts to oversee long-term financial and operational performance? Within BlackRock, we are focused on living our purpose with compassion and with a lot of courage. This includes working together to build a more fair and just society. Recent events of racial injustice have been appalling, painful, and truly eye-opening, because they reveal how pervasive these issues are in our society. BlackRock has firmly committed to racial equality and while we've made a lot of progress in these recent years, it is clear to me that we have not -- we are not where we need to be. That is why BlackRock is making a long-term commitment to build a more inclusive, a more diverse firm and use our platform and our voice to advocate for change within our industry and more broadly. We laid out some very specific goals for our self over the next several years. The process of building a more just, equitable society will not be easy or quick and driving real change will require long-term accountability and measurable progress. I am honored by the trust that clients, governments, and communities that have placed in BlackRock, which we approach with a deep sense of responsibility. We are committed to staying focused on our mission and true to our purpose. This is what enables us to thrive even during these unprecedented times and to deliver long-term value to our clients, to our shareholders and to all our stakeholders. We crossed an important milestone in BlackRock's evolution as a public company in May. PNC exited their full position in BlackRock, which means many more stakeholders now have the opportunity to participate in BlackRock's future growth and performance. I want to thank PNC and their leadership for their support over the past two and a half decades. BlackRock could not be who we are today if we did not have that strong partnership with PNC. But I also want to welcome our new shareholders and thank our existing shareholders who have continued to put their trust and support in BlackRock over time. With that, operator, let us open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks.
Larry Fink: Good morning Dan.
Dan Fannon: Good morning. My question's around flows, if you could expand upon the strength of active equities and then also talk about multi-asset where you saw some outflows in the quarter?
Gary Shedlin: So, thank you, Dan. You know that we believe that all asset management decisions are active, and as clients focus more on outcomes, both alpha seeking and index are going to play a pretty big role in their portfolios to drive returns. And in a lower return environment, alpha generation is even more critical as active managers have the potential to deliver a much greater portion of total investment return. So, active strategies have a critical role in building efficient portfolios for clients, with strong performance after fees.  Now, the type of volatile market that we've seen in 2020 created a lot of opportunities for alpha generation. And as Larry mentioned, our integrated platform is positioned to deliver investment solutions and portfolio construction, leveraging the industry's most comprehensive array of active and index strategies across equity, fixed income, multi-asset, alternatives, and cash. And the investments that we've made in our platform and our optimization of the unique assets that we have, our scale, access to relationships, and information globally, our data and technology, including Aladdin, and portfolio construction expertise have positioned us to capture client demand and drive investment performance. In equities, we have arrived. It's about performance. BlackRock has now seen five consecutive quarters of active equity inflows, including $8 billion in the second quarter and $18 billion over the last 12 months. The active equity net inflows in the first quarter were driven flows into several top performing franchises, where organic growth has been supported by a track record of consistent active equity outperformance, a differentiated offering at the right value and distribution partnerships included our health sciences with $3 billion of net inflows performing in the top quartile for three years and five years; technology with $3 billion of net inflows performing in the top decile for the three and five-year periods; capital appreciation and large cap growth with $1 billion of net inflows performing in the top quartile for the three-year and five-year periods. In addition, we saw $1 billion in scientific active equity flows from institutional clients. So, it's been a long journey. The investments we've made over the past few years, including high-quality, in-house research capabilities and the BlackRock Investment Institute, have positioned us better than ever before to capture client demand, and we'll continue to invest in data and technology to drive sustainable alpha generation, and we are incredibly proud of our equity team. On the multi-asset area, the net outflows of $5 billion were primarily due to outflows from global allocation as the world allocation industry category saw pressure. BlackRock's global allocation franchise significantly outperformed peers and stayed true to its three-decade promise of providing upside return and limited downside capture. Global allocation is now at the top of its peer group, performing in the seventh, 12th, and 21st percentiles over the one, three, and five-year periods. Global allocation has seen its share of the world allocation category net outflows fall from minus 32% at year end to minus 10% through May 2020, while maintaining its minus 8% market share of the category of assets under management. So, look, we continue, you know, that we've made changes in our global allocation, rebuilt the team. We are seeing very good momentum in that, and we expect to see growth return back in that, but we also continue to see multi-asset inflows into our LifePath Target Date franchise and continued momentum in our OCIO business. So, it’s an important area for us, but we are going to see both inflows and outflows as the world turns to different allocations depending upon the volatility in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Larry Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. Hope you guys all doing well. Starting with fixed income ETFs, we all saw the strong momentum in 2Q. But what do you see as the key drivers? Which client groups were the biggest buyers? And then how do you think about the addressable market relative to your $2 trillion target as we size the opportunity even longer term?
Gary Shedlin: So, Craig, we obviously have big ambitions for fixed income ETFs. And this last quarter has validated that this is an important asset class, core fixed income going forward. In some of the previous comments, we mentioned that the industry has crossed $1 trillion mark in assets under management, and we predicted this would double by 2024. But today, the category is already over $1.3 trillion with over growth split evenly between the second half of last year and the first half of this year, and our conviction in iShares leadership has been strengthened as a result of the strong performance and market disruption that you saw in the first quarter, and record iShares fixed income flows of $57 billion in the second quarter. So, more directly, investors of all kinds have more confidence in fixed income ETFs than ever before following the extreme test in the first quarter. iShares Fixed income ETFs performed under extreme stress with better liquidity, price discovery, usage, tracking, and bid/ask spreads than the underlying markets and competitors. So, as a result, we've seen increased demand from both institutional and retail investors, including a notable acceleration in adoption coming from wealth managers, asset managers, pension funds, and insurance companies all around the world. We just published earlier this week a paper called Turning Point, which provides further facts around our performance and why investors are using fixed income ETFs. We have seen iShares attract over 60 new highly sophisticated pension plans, asset managers, and insurance clients to become first time fixed income ETF buyers and now hold $10 billion year-to-date. Even prior to the Federal Reserve purchase of fixed income ETFs, insurance companies were net buyers of fixed income ETFs throughout the volatile first quarter and more than $2 billion worth of LQD was purchased in the first three months by these institutional investors, with 83% occurring before the Federal Reserve announced plans to buy ETFs. So, today, we manage over $634 billion in fixed income ETF assets and that's up from 514 this time last year and 402 two years ago. So, iShares gathered 47% of the $118 billion of industry flows year-to-date into fixed income ETFs and this inflow into ETF contrast with the continuing outflows that the rest of the fixed income industry has faced over the first half of 2020. So, investors of all types are recognizing that fixed income ETFs are more efficient, more transparent, offer better performance and more convenient ways to access the bond market. So, we continue to believe that global fixed income ETFs can double to $2 trillion in the next three to four years, driven by the modernization of the $100 trillion bond market and from conversions of bond securities by institutions, central banks, and alpha managers into ETFs and we're going to continue to evangelize, and we will continue to work with clients on how these tools can provide them with good value in the fixed income market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Larry Fink: Hi Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Good morning. Maybe taking fixed income from a slightly different direction. Interest rates have fallen to unprecedented lows in the U.S. and fixed income product yields are following. There's speculation that the ultra-low interest rate environment could alter traditional U.S. asset allocation, for example, the 60/40 model to the detriment of fixed income allocations. So, do you think there are longer term implications of lower or ultra-low yields on investor asset allocation to fixed income? If so, are the implications similar or different for retail versus institutional? And ultimately, what does this mean for the growth of BlackRock traditional fixed income assets?
Gary Shedlin: So, with low interest rates, there is still a room for a significant allocation to fixed income. We see it in the asset allocation models and we see it in specifically in the models that we are building both for the RIA channels and also for other institutions. BlackRock generated $60 billion of fixed income inflows across both the active and index platforms and this was meeting new demand and new client appetite for fixed income. So, investor confidence in both the active fixed income funds and the fixed income ETFs actually grew. And following the strong performance and the liquidity management needed amid this market stress in the first quarter and second quarter, we were pretty well-positioned. So, even though interest rates were lower, we saw that people needed an alternative to cash. And what we saw is incredible demand into both the high-yield and the investment-grade credit area. So, we saw a $13 billion of active fixed income net inflows, and that reflected $8 billion and $5 billion of net inflows from both retail and institutional clients, respectively. Institutional flows were pretty broad based, so even through rates were low; the retail flows were led by the high-yield franchise with about $8 billion of net inflows and where our flagship high-yield bond is performing in the 17th percentile. Now, the other point about low interest rates is note that when it comes to ETFs, we're the number one global franchise player. So, rates seem low in the U.S. today, but they have been lower outside of the U.S. So, we are seeing a huge demand for U.S. fixed income from Asia and from Europe. So, even with low rates, it's all relative. I still think that the fixed income market is going to continue to grow. You also saw the volatility in the markets, which is going to lead to people needing to execute in a more efficient way. So, I understand where you're going in that. But people will be still looking for fixed income. It just may move from treasuries to credit, to alternative structures.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore.
Larry Fink: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hello, there. How are you?
Larry Fink: Very well.
Glenn Schorr: So, I want to talk about illiquid. Thank you. Good. Good to hear. But I want to talk about illiquid build. Clearly, it's happening. I heard your comments about both infrastructure and private equity, and I see you $75 billion now. Where do you still need to build maybe focus a little more on the private credit side? And just wanted to, in conjunction with that, get your opinion on the recent DOL ruling for inclusion in 401(k) and Target Date Funds? Thanks.
Larry Fink: Great question. So, we continue to emphasize and grow our illiquid alternatives. We're seeing growth across the world in every area of the world and across all their different distribution channels. I believe we continue to have very large and real opportunities. As I said earlier, we are going to continue to be driving great growth in our -- in the infrastructure area, and we’re going to continue to see real opportunities in some of our credit opportunities and even in some of the private equity areas. We're going to continue to build this out organically by building out our teams. Our hedge funds actually across the board have done exceedingly well in these very volatile times. Our European hedge fund is, once again, a double-digit performance. Our health science products continue to be doing exceedingly well. And so, I think, what is really happening overall is I think five years ago, we were not as recognized as being a participant in the illiquid alternative space, and today, we are. We are in the top five in terms of asset growth and we continue to be driving even more accelerated growth in these areas. And related to the DOL rule, related to Target Date Funds, this is a positive development. It will increase access for individuals, the benefit in the private markets and we're very well-positioned with the relationships in that area. And obviously, because our LifePath Target Date franchise of being more than $260 billion, we have great opportunities to present different asset categories into these strategies. And so, we are very well-positioned. It's very early days. We have to see how this implementation will work, what type of disclosure is going to be necessary. But we're excited about these opportunities, for us to have an accelerated position in the illiquid area, because of our strength and positioning in our Target Date business. And so, I'm quite excited about this opportunity. But how this is going to be implemented, the type of disclosures we need to do, we need to make sure that the investors know what they're investing, and they know the associated risk in it. We're talking about retirement assets and as a fiduciary, we have to ensure that our clients' retirement assets are protected and they understand fully the risks associated with the investments. And so, as investors move their retirement assets across different investment spectrum, a great need for risk analytics. And this is only going to mean more opportunity for eFront and Aladdin, as more and more clients are starting to look at illiquids and there's going to be a great need for technology and technology utilization to help them understand the risk. And I believe the need for technology and risk management in these areas is going to be required as -- for all of us as a fiduciary to all our clients' retirement assets.
Operator: Our next comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Larry Fink: Good morning Alex. : Good morning everybody. A question for you guys around Aladdin and specifically, I wanted to talk about provider Aladdin. We haven't gotten an update on that in a little while, but it looked like Citi, I think joined the platform. I think you guys are already partnered with BK and a handful of others. So, maybe talk a little bit about where the build-out stands, whether or not BlackRock is still kind of the of the primary customer of -- provider of Aladdin and when do you guys would anticipate other asset managers potentially joining the service?
Gary Shedlin: So, Aladdin provider, as you know, was created as a response to the industry's desire for closer integration along the investment lifecycle to drive efficiency. And as a leading investment management platform used by 90-plus asset managers globally, Aladdin is uniquely positioned to drive increased standardization across the ecosystem. So, by working directly with asset servicers to streamline the operating model, Aladdin provider leverages Aladdin's proprietary data interfaces and workflows to drive this connectivity and the transparency and the information symmetry between the asset manager and the asset servicer. So, through provider Aladdin, we have the capability now to enable custodians and middle office outsourcers to service client assets directly on Aladdin and this allows a further refinement and reduction of friction in our clients' operating models, improving the data quality and streamlining the workflows. So, more broadly, we are seeing the demand for what we're going to call interoperability with asset managers, trading venues, and the market data providers as they continue to grow as clients they want to increase straight-through processing. And this will consolidate the number of systems that they have to do their jobs and maintain optionality in their counterparty relationships. So, we're continuing to build this out. This is part of BlackRock's long-term technology strategy to provide technology for as much of the asset management value chain as possible. So, we are continuing to build this out, lots of interest and I think it will improve the ecosystem going forward.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
Larry Fink: Hi Bill.
Bill Katz: Good morning everybody. Thank you so much for taking the call this morning. So, maybe a big picture question for you just given all the moving parts, I appreciate that the market beta is probably the biggest variable test. But assuming sort of a neutral view of that, how do you sort of see the fee rate evolving from here? And then, Gary, you had mentioned the potential for some money market fee waivers in the second half. Just wondering if you could help potentially quantify that? Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: Sure, Bill. Good to hear your voice. So, I don't think anything has really changed with regard to our views on fee rates. As you know, we talk a lot about what we can control and what we can't control. And so as we've talked before, our fee rates are, obviously, in many respects, tied to beta, in particular, divergent beta, what's going on in FX, client risk preferences and the like. And I think as we mentioned last quarter, as we entered the quarter with a fee rate that was obviously down as a result of what was happening in the market. I think the good news is a combination of strong markets and organic growth and the second quarter has almost entirely eliminated the headwind that we had talked about last quarter. And while Q2 AUM, as you said, is up 13% since the first quarter, it's obviously still down. So, we estimate we're entering the third quarter at a run rate that's essentially equal to our first quarter base fees. We're probably about 4% higher entering the third quarter than we were over the second quarter. But on an equivalent day count basis, our base fees were still down sequentially. And as you know, that was despite higher security lending revenue as well. The impact of negative divergent beta NFX was also the primary reason we saw that decline 0.2 basis points in our second quarter effective fee rate, which will obviously impact us going forward. So, we're still -- there's still some beta issues. The good news is this quarter, we obviously saw a positive difference in our organic base fee growth relative to organic asset growth, and that's because we saw some significant success in some of our higher fee products. Rob's talked a lot about those. Obviously, iShares ETFs was this strategic category. It comes in higher than our average fee rate, as well as our active and our illiquid. So, I think to the extent that we can continue to watch and push some of those products, which I think we're incredibly well-positioned for, as we think about all of the trends coming out of the pandemic that have been in many respects magnified before the pandemic, where we were investing, so ETFs sustainability, fixed income more broadly, I think we're going to see some very positive impacts if we can see that continuation going forward. On the fee waiver point, as I mentioned in my initial calls, we haven't yet waved any fees. But in the past, when our clients have struggled with low rates and subject to market conditions, we have used yield support waivers. They typically come into play when yields fall below management fees. We typically share them with our distribution partners. And previously in other periods of time, we've tried to maintain yield floors of somewhere around one to three basis points. And so while timing is obviously depends on a lot of things depending on how quickly portfolios grow, how quickly portfolios turnover. We haven't really come into that. So as an example, our fed fund gross yield today is roughly around 26 basis points. That's in excess of the management fee, which is closer to 17 basis points. So, we do think that, kind of, putting in our -- looking at our crystal ball, that will probably start to hit us in August or September, but I would say a couple of things as you think about that. If we do choose to implement yield support waivers, we do anticipate that about 40% to 50% of those would be shared with our distributors, so that lessens the bottom line impact for us. And we would also anticipate that primary impact would be on U.S. government funds, which represents today about 50% of our overall -- our cash business. And then the final point I would -- I'll just leave you with in this current low rate environment, as we also mentioned, we've been seeing increasing flows into prime funds. And I think as long as those are operating and with the Fed currently, providing some secondary market support there, we do think we'll continue to see people migrate out of government funds and into those prime vehicles, which we don't anticipate to be impacted by fee waivers.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Larry Fink: I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and for continued interest in BlackRock. I am proud of the progress we made and helping our clients through that uncertainty in the first half of 2020. We will continue to invest and innovate in the years to come, so we can better meet our clients' needs. That's what we're all about. We're going to continue to generate growth and importantly, fulfill our purpose in helping more and more people experience financial well-being. That is our purpose. That is what differentiates us. It is our fiduciary culture of building strong, deep, long-term partnerships with our clients, with our communities where we work with governments, and we will continue to do so. I wish all of you to have a safe and healthy start to the third quarter, and let's hope for all humanity that we find a solution quickly for this dreaded disease. Thank you, everyone, have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-16 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2020 Earnings Teleconference. Participants in today's call will include Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; President, Robert S. Kapito; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; Chief Operating Officer and Head of BlackRock Solutions, Robert L. Goldstein; Global Head of iShares and Index Investments, Salim Ramji; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you, Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Chris Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Fink: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. I know this is a difficult time for many people. So first and foremost, I hope you, your families, your friends, your neighbors are all staying healthy and safe. Before I begin, I want to take a moment to express the gratitude of everyone at BlackRock, for the men and women, women on the front line of this crisis, for the doctors and nurses and everyone working so hard today, putting their own health at risk to support the safety and health of our communities and to our country’s. And to all of you thank you.  As I wrote in my Chairman's Letter to Shareholders, we’re living and working in an unprecedented environment. In just a few short months, the COVID-19 outbreak has transformed the world for all of us. As individuals, businesses, small and large, for entire industries, for every government around the world, it has presented tremendous medical, economic and human challenges that will be long lasting and will reverberate for years to come. Our global markets were impacted by extreme volatility, liquidity receded, and then oil price were a exacerbated stress. Swift actions by policymakers, and several central banks represented the type of decisive responses that are needed to overcome this extreme market adversity. There has been tremendous monetary policy to stabilize financial markets and we're beginning to see the type of fiscal policy that could stabilize our economies. No one knows precisely how long these conditions will persist. However, I expect the continued actions taken by government, taken by the central banks, with careful design and coordination will help the economy recover. And I believe that coming out of the crisis we have an opportunity to accelerate towards a more sustainable world. Through these challenging times, the strength and resilience of BlackRock's business model has become even more apparent than ever before. The investments that we've spoken to in many, many quarterly updates over the long-term to diversify our investment capabilities and to operate on a unifying technology platform, Aladdin, are differentiating us in this moment for clients, for our shareholders and for our employees.  We did not design our operating model for this pandemic or any -- or/and almost any virtual work environment in mind. But because of BlackRock’s strong culture and our long history of connecting a global organization on one technology platform has enabled more than 95% of our 16,000 employees to work remotely from home, while continuously delivering seamlessly for our clients.  The areas in which we strategically invested over the last few years, iShare ETFs, illiquid alternatives to sample investment strategies and Aladdin are all helping solve clients’ unique needs in this environment, and continually deliver strong performance and growth to BlackRock.  Momentum in 2019 continued into the first quarter, and we saw $75 billion in net inflows in the first seven weeks of the year. Despite market related outflows including over $40 billion of derisking by institutional clients in index strategies in the last five weeks of the quarter, we ended the quarter with $35 billion in net inflows driven by cash and liquid alternatives, iShares sustainable and factor ETFs, and our active equity platform. Over the last month, BlackRock's biggest priority has been focusing on the health and safety of our employees and all their families. By focusing first on our employees, ensuring their well-being and positioning them with our technology, our tools, and the support they need, BlackRock has been able to accomplish a tremendous amount. In these times having a unified technology platform that connects us all digitally is more important than ever. Our performance during the quarter would not have been possible without a unifying technology, without a unifying risk management system, and careful business continuity planning. I'm incredibly proud on how Aladdin has enabled us to rebuild BlackRock beyond its walls to deliver the operational resilience, advice and solutions our clients need at this time. Aladdin processed record trade volume in recent weeks, even with a remote global workforce, and has provided a transparent view, which is a risk and scenario analysis for the benefit of our asset management clients. But not only has Aladdin proven to be a significant differentiator for BlackRock itself, but it has enabled nearly 250 third-party Aladdin clients, other asset managers, asset owners, banks and insurance clients to also operate seamlessly during this time. We've been hearing incredible positive feedback from the Aladdin community about its resilience, its benefits, and so our clients were able to proceed just as strongly as BlackRock. Rob Goldstein, BlackRock's Chief Operating Officer and Head of BlackRock Solutions, who joins us today will discuss in a few moments BlackRock's organizational and technology strengths during this time, and also how Aladdin is delivering for third-party clients. In addition to our technology, certain products especially iShares have once again proven to be a critically important tools for providing liquidity and transparency to investors and markets. As we have seen repeatedly in periods of market volatility, investors including many first time asset managers, and institutional users turn to iShares for incremental liquidity, market access, as well as long-term investments. iShares generated $14 billion of net inflows in the most volatile quarter we've experienced in recent history, benefiting from a $44 billion of inflows in the first seven weeks of the year. Our diverse product lineup across sustainable investments, factor strategies and core equity continue to drive growth, with sustainable ETFs bringing in $10 billion of net inflows alone, the best quarter in its history. Despite outflows from market driven fixed income and precision segments, these ETFs performed exactly as expected as clients use them to actively reposition portfolios, reduce risk during market stress. As we invested in the growth of fixed income ETFs, many speculated on how these products would behave during a market shock, and whether or not they could withstand waves of selling. Having now been through a once in a generation market shock and market participants have noted that fixed income ETFs were tested beyond a doubt and worked incredibly well. We believe this will serve as a further accelerant for fixed income ETFs’ growth going forward. Salim Ramji, Global Head of ETFs and Index Investments is with us today and will speak about how iShares experienced increased investor adoption, delivered tighter bid ask spreads than any other ETF and underlying securities, provided incremental liquidity and price transparency, especially in fixed income for all markets and for all of the investors.  With interest rates globally back to historic lows, the investments at BlackRock continues to make -- to build a diversified illiquid investment strategy and differentiated global sourcing capability across our alternative platform, are benefiting our clients as they took to meet their long duration liabilities.  BlackRock raised a total of $7 billion of net inflows and commitments in illiquid alternatives this quarter, our third best quarter in history. We also deployed $2 billion on behalf of our clients and closed several large client commitments in the midst of market volatility including our third vintage global energy and power funds. It's our third fund, which raised a total of $5 billion, surpassing the total assets in the first two capital raises.  The investments we made in our active equity platform are also showing results. We generated a fourth consecutive quarter of active equity inflows with $4 billion, even as the broad active equity mutual fund industry saw more than a $100 billion of outflows during the first quarter. We have invested for years in our active equity platform and in better data analytics and technology, a more important risk-taking culture and having global scale and reach.  We are seeing strong performance today with 76% of our fundamental active equity assets above benchmark or peer median for one year and I'm confident the business is well positioned to capture more client demand as clients reposition their portfolios in the coming months. Throughout the recent market volatility, one enduring trend has been the move to sustainable investing. In addition to the $10 billion of sustainable ETF inflows I've already mentioned, we continue to see broad and strong interest in active sustainable strategies even as equity sold off more broadly.  In January, BlackRock committed to be placing sustainability at the core of our approach as an investment manager in how we manage risk, how we construct portfolios, design products and engage with companies and to be making sustainable investing accessible to more people. These commitments remain a priority and we continue to make progress in executing on them. The pandemic we’re experiencing now is further highlighting the value of sustainable portfolios. We've seen sustainable portfolios deliver stronger performance than traditional portfolios during this period, and we expect clients rebalancing in the current environment will include a substitution of some traditional assets to sustainable ones as they see the potential for the long-term benefits.  BlackRock's goal is to be a leader in -- a global leader in sustainable investing, and we believe the assets we manage for clients in this category will reach over $1 trillion by the end of the decade. We also saw strong quarter for our multi-asset platform, which also generated $4 billion in net inflows. Our Global Allocation franchise, a long-term flagship product now under Rick Rieder’s leadership significantly outperformed peers and stays true to its three decade promise of providing upside return with limited downside capture. Global Allocation is now positioned in the top quintile of its peer group for the one, three, and five year period respectively.  BlackRock's cash management platform generated a record $52 billion in net inflows in the first quarter benefiting from a surge in industry flows into U.S. government funds over the past three weeks. Our commitment to build scale in our cash management business and extend a rigorous risk management platform to every part of BlackRock is providing a key differentiator for our clients. The strength of our results in the first quarter is directly linked to our efforts to stay connected with clients throughout the crisis.  Investors globally are looking to BlackRock for even more insights, more thought leadership on the economy, on markets, on geopolitics, on asset allocation. Our goal is to help clients navigate market volatility while also staying focused on the long-term goals. Through virtual connectivity we're having a richer conversation with clients than ever before about their whole portfolio, and in many cases, deepening our partnership with them.  Over the last three weeks BlackRock has connected with nearly 50,000 clients, significantly eclipsing all historical records for client contacts.  BII has hosted dozens of calls reaching thousands of institutional investors and financial advisors and providing daily updated emails to 1,000 more who are subscribed. In the last week of March alone BlackRock's senior business leaders met virtually with approximately a 100 CEOs, CIOs, executives, public officials, further amplifying hundreds of outreach calls from our client facing teams. This connectivity enables us to better understand the challenges that our clients are facing. And a comprehensive platform of solutions has enabled us to help clients reallocate risk, to help clients rebalance, helping clients provide more liquidity and capturing opportunities in response to market moves.  BlackRock Invested Institute, BII, our Financial Markets Advisory Group FMA team, and our Global Public Policy Group has closely engaged with regulators, central bankers and other public officials to provide guidance on practical targeted monetary and fiscal solutions in support of the global economy during this time.  BlackRock's FMA Group, which advises financial and official institutions, as well as other public and private capital market participants have been awarded mandates to advise both the New York Federal Reserve Bank and the Bank of Canada on programs designed to facilitate access to capital for businesses to support the economy. We are honored to have been awarded these mandates and approach these assignments with a great sense of responsibility.  Advisory work is built into the fabric of BlackRock. Beginning as early as 1994, when we worked with General Electric to unwind Kidder Peabody's mortgage assets, our FMA practice has adopted and evolved over time, working across an array of mandates from crisis-oriented assignments to regulatory and sustainability frameworks. Given the sensitive nature of these assignments, FMA is a segregated walled off business within BlackRock and operates behind a stringent information barrier, while still providing the benefits of Aladdin, BII and BlackRock's global scale and reach to our clients of FMA.  Our most recent partnerships are a testament to the trust we have earned over time. And we will continue to work with others around the world to navigate during the difficult period. During this extraordinary time BlackRock remains focused on continuing to drive forward on our commitments to our clients, shareholders and employees. This is required greater and more frequent connectivity than ever before with Board of Directors, our global Executive Committee, and our broader employee base.  Since the start of the crisis, I am sending weekly strategic financial and operational updates to our Board. Our global leadership team is meeting every single day, rather weekly, as we do during normal times. And we're hosting global firm wide town halls each week to ensure our people, our partners are feeling updated and feeling connected. Just as we are focused on strong corporate governance and communication across BlackRock, our investment story should continue to engage and communicate with companies through this time on behalf of our clients. In addition to proxy season fast approaching, the team is actively engaging with companies on topics like operational resiliency and how companies are taking the care of their employees, contributing to their community and living their purpose. These issues are more important than ever before. BlackRock is helping our communities during this time of great need. Early in the first quarter before the full impact of the pandemic upending global markets, we contributed our remaining 20% stake in PennyMac to our existing donor-advisory fund and we created a newly established BlackRock Foundation with a goal of supporting a more inclusive and sustainable economy. Since then, through these charitable funds, we committed $50 million to immediate COVID-19 relief efforts. Our focus has been two-folds, supporting frontline medical workers who are the true heroes in the crisis, as supporting food banks, which are on the frontline at helping address the financial hardship and social disallocation that the pandemic is pouring into so many. Challenging environments have always been -- have always offered BlackRock an opportunity to further differentiate ourselves with all our stakeholders and in the industry itself. And I’m proud to say that it’s happening once again and I believe BlackRock’s position has never been stronger. We remain committed in growing and investing at BlackRock. Our performance today reflects the investments we made in the resilience of our platform by supporting our people, by building our culture and forging deep partnerships with our clients. We have consistently and strategically invested for the long-term to create the most diverse global asset management and technology service firm in the world. And we believe we are better positioned than any firm to weather shocks like these and help our clients through the same. Throughout the firm there have been countless examples of everyone living our purpose to help more people achieve financial well-being and I could not be prouder or more grateful of the commitment of BlackRock to people. The world is facing a challenge that is truly unprecedented in our lifetimes. BlackRock will continue to do everything we can to support our clients, the societies where we operate more broadly as we seek to overcome this. To everyone on the call, to all our shareholders, to BlackRock’s employees and our colleagues around the world, please stay safe and healthy. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Gary to talk about our financial results.
Gary Shedlin : Thanks, Larry, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call and I hope everyone and their families are remaining safe and healthy. Before I turn it over to Rob and Salim, I’ll briefly review our financial performance and business results for the first quarter of 2020. While our earnings results discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I’ll be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results, which exclude the financial impact of our previously announced charitable contribution. The investments we have continuously made over the years to build a scaled business model with diverse global investment capabilities, best-in-class technology and rigorous risk management, have enabled us to differentiate ourselves and serve clients in a variety of market environments. Our ability to deliver for clients, employees and shareholders during this global crisis was absolutely sustained by that commitment. As Larry mentioned, BlackRock entered the year with incredibly strong momentum. During the first seven weeks of the year, total net inflows of approximately $75 billion representing 7% organic asset and 90% organic base fee growth were paced by strength in iShares and Americas and EMEA retail. However, as the market reacted to the COVID-19 health crisis and its projected economic impact in late February, the BlackRock equity index declined approximately 25% by quarter end and we saw institutional and retail clients derisk and seek liquidity.  Consistent with broader industry trends we experienced outflows for the balance of the quarter primarily in institutional index, iShares and active fixed income partially offset by strong inflows into our cash management franchise. In the aggregate, BlackRock still generated approximately $35 billion of total net inflows during the quarter representing 2% annualized organic asset growth. However, annualized organic base fee decay of approximately 1% reflected outflows from higher fee iShares precision exposures, mix change favoring lower fee fixed income ETFs and broad-based redemptions in active fixed income strategies.  As BlackRock has demonstrated, environments like this create unique opportunities for growth as long as we have the discipline to realize them. While we will not reduce our workforce this year as a result of COVID-19, we have determined to freeze hiring in the current environment. We remain committed to act decisively as one BlackRock to focus our existing resources where the impact will be greatest and to aggressively reallocate in challenging markets. We intend to continue playing offense, so we are able to deliver differentiated organic growth once we emerge from this crisis. First quarter revenue of $3.7 billion increased 11% year-over-year, while operating income of $1.3 billion was up 3% and reflected the impact of $84 million of costs associated with the successful closed-end fund launch this past January. Earnings per share of $6.60 were essentially flat compared to a year ago as higher operating income, a lower effective tax rate and a lower diluted share count in the current quarter were more than offset by lower non-operating income versus a year ago. Our as adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 18% and included $64 million of discrete tax benefits, including benefits related to stock-based compensation awards that vest in the first quarter of each year. We continue to estimate that 23% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2020, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on previously enacted tax legislation. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $17 million of net investment income as mark-to-market losses on unhedged seed capital investments and our minority stake in Envestnet were more than offset by $244 million unrealized gain related to our investment in iCapital, which completed a successful recapitalization during the first quarter. First quarter base fees of $3.1 billion were up 9% year-over-year primarily driven by organic growth of 4%, the net positive impact of market beta and foreign exchange on average AUM, effect of one more day in the quarter and higher securities lending revenue partially offset by strategic pricing changes on certain products. On an equivalent day count basis, base fees were flat sequentially and our effective fee rate increased 0.2 basis points from the fourth quarter reflecting strong fundraising activity in illiquid alternatives. However, as a result of significant global market declines including the impact of divergent equity beta and FX related dollar appreciation, we enter the second quarter with an estimated base fee run rate of approximately 12% lower than our total base fees for the first quarter. Performance fees were $41 million for the quarter, up $15 million year-over-year reflecting higher fees from liquid alternative products. Recent market volatility has impacted the performance of certain long-only and liquid alternative products and could result in reduced ability to earn performance fees for the remainder of 2020. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 34% year-over-year reflecting the impact of the eFront acquisition and continued growth in Aladdin. Excluding the impact of eFront, technology services revenue grew 13% year-over-year. As Rob Goldstein will discuss in more detail, we continue to complete Aladdin implementations for new clients and overall demand remained strong for our full range of technology solution. While we continue to target low to mid teens technology services revenue growth over the long-term, near-term revenue growth may be impacted by extended sales cycles and longer implementation periods as clients work remotely. Advisory and other revenue of $64 million was up $15 million year-over-year primarily reflecting higher transition management assignments and increased equity method earnings related to our historical investment in PennyMac. Please note that as a result of the charitable contribution of our remaining 20% equity stake in PennyMac earlier this quarter, we will no longer recognize non-cash equity-method income related to this investment going forward. Total expense increased 15% year-over-year driven by higher G&A, compensation and direct fund expense. G&A expense was up $165 million year-over-year reflecting $84 million of closed-end fund launch costs associated with the successful January close, the $2.3 billion of BlackRock Health Sciences Trust II. We exclude the impact of these product launch costs when reporting our as adjusted operating margin. The increase in year-over-year G&A expense also reflected higher technology expense, including certain one-time costs related to facilitating remote operations associated with COVID-19 and higher professional services expense, partially offset by lower marketing and promotional expense.  Quarterly G&A expense also included approximately $60 million in contingent consideration fair value adjustments, and costs related to certain legal matters, including Aviron Capital, LLC. Sequentially, G&A expense increased $38 million largely driven by the aforementioned fund launch and legal costs, partially offset by seasonally lower marketing and promotional expense, lower contingent consideration fair value adjustments and lower FX remeasurement expense. Our first quarter results reflect the final fair value adjustment to our contingent payment related to the successful acquisition of First Reserve and we would expect less variability in contingent consideration fair value adjustments going forward. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 7% year-over-year, reflecting higher-based compensation, partially linked to higher headcount. Sequentially, comp and benefit expense was down 6%, primarily reflecting lower incentive compensation driven by lower operating income and performance fees, partially offset by higher seasonal payroll taxes and higher base compensation. Direct fund expense was up $35 million or 14% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average index AUM. Our first quarter as adjusted operating margin of 41.7% was down 20 basis points from a year ago, primarily reflecting higher levels of non-core G&A expense including legal costs, and contingent consideration fair value adjustments.  As Larry stated earlier, our current priority is to ensure the health and safety of our employees and to maintain operational excellence to best serve clients in this environment. We’re continually focusing on managing our entire discretionary expense base and we will be prudent in reevaluating our overall level of spend once we are able to more confidently assess the longer-term revenue impact of this crisis over the coming months. As always, we remain margin aware, committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible and laser focused on a long-term strategy centered around iShares, illiquid alternatives, technology and creating whole portfolio solutions. We are well positioned for differentiated growth even during this crisis, much as we were when we began the year. Our capital management strategy remains to first invest in our business, and then consistently return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. BlackRock’s cash generation and liquidity position remains strong. Our debt-to-equity ratio is less than 1 times EBITDA with no debt maturities in the next 12 months, and we continue to use our cash flow to seed and co-invest in new products. As we’ve previously announced in late January, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 10% to $3.63 per share and have no plans to reduce our dividend during the remainder of the year. We also repurchased $400 million worth of common shares in the first quarter. At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the absolute and relative valuation of our stock price, we still anticipate repurchasing at least $300 million of shares per quarter for the balance of the year consistent with our previous guidance in January. Larry referenced that BlackRock has recently held thousands of conversations with clients, providing reassurance, guidance and strategic advice in the midst of this crisis. Our connectivity with clients and the commitment to a solutions-based approach is resonating more than ever before. Total net inflows of $35 billion were led by cash management, alternatives, and iShares reflecting the positive impact of the investments we have consistently made to diversify and scale our globally integrated platform. Our cash management business generated a record $52 billion of net inflows, as clients sort the safety of our scaled platform during the market slide. And we saw $3 billion in illiquid alternative net inflows and raised an additional $4 billion in commitments across infrastructure, private credit, and secondary private equity. As Salim will cover in more detail, iShares saw a record on exchange volume serving as a critical investor tool for liquidity and price discovery in volatile markets and generated $14 billion of net inflows, led by $11 billion of equity and $10 billion of sustainable ETF flows. As expected iShares’ highly liquid trading oriented precision exposures saw outflows in this market, but performed as designed to help investors quickly and efficiently reallocate risk exposure in a volatile market. Finally, a number of our active strategies continue to generate strong performance and positive flows. Active equity and multi-asset strategies each generated $4 billion of net inflows respectively during the quarter.  In summary, our first quarter results once again demonstrate the resilience of our platform. While we’re not immune to market headwinds and the impact those headwinds can have on our near-term financial results, we remain confident that we will navigate this crisis as we have others and emerge better positioned for relative growth. We intend to remain focused on investing in our highest growth priorities while exercising prudent expense discipline to ensure we meet the critical needs of our employees, clients and shareholders. The diversity of our platform and stability of our operating model position us to outperform in a variety of market environments and will enable us to generate differentiated organic growth over the long-term. With that, I’ll turn it over to our Chief Operating Officer, Rob Goldstein, who led the efforts to rebuild BlackRock beyond its four walls and ensure our operational capabilities remained resilient and best-in-class.
Rob Goldstein : Thanks, Gary. And just echoing Larry and Gary, we are undoubtedly living through one of the most challenging and unusual times of modern history, and I hope that everyone is staying safe and healthy. So I wanted to spend the next 10 minutes discussing how the collective we of BlackRock have been preparing for and adapting to this rapidly evolving and fluid situation, and how Aladdin has played a key role in the business continuity and crisis management of both BlackRock as well as our Aladdin clients. As many of you know, since its founding 32 years ago, BlackRock has been built on a foundation of technology, a thesis that asset management is an information processing business that requires a highly efficient, highly automated process to function. This mindset, which is really exemplified by Aladdin and coupled with our One BlackRock culture has allowed us to spend the past few weeks effectively transitioning BlackRock from a company operating in 91 offices and 40 countries around the world to an almost entirely remote workforce, effectively operating in 16,000-plus home offices, all while continuing to deliver for our clients and importantly for each other against the backdrop of incredible market volatility and obviously social stress. We have teams that have been planning for business interruption and disaster scenarios for years, but plans are just plans until a real world crisis comes along and a scenario of 95% of the company working from home and equity trading volumes being 65% higher than we’ve ever experienced before, which was what we experienced the week of March 16th was by no means the scenario that we had expected. While there was certainly some potholes in the first few days, we’re incredibly proud of the way in which our teams have implemented our plan to protect our employees, to deliver for our clients and to ensure operational integrity. We effectively built BlackRock outside the walls of BlackRock, and we used Aladdin to provide the connective tissue. To us, business continuity is about ensuring that our employees have access to the resources they need to keep themselves and their loved ones safe in the crisis, that we have the means to continue serving our clients and to continue to act as a fiduciary to them, no matter where we or they are physically located, that our people have the tools to interact with each other in an entirely virtual world, and importantly that Aladdin is equipped to operationally process record volumes and to provide transparency into portfolio risks in a rapidly changing highly volatile market for both BlackRock as well as our Aladdin clients, the Aladdin community. In summary, it’s about staying connected, staying engaged with each other, staying engaged with our clients and leveraging our platform and technology and supporting each other in this unprecedented time. So let’s take a look at what BlackRock outside the walls of BlackRock actually looks like and talk a bit more about how we got here. As of March 31st, we had over 95% of our global workforce of more than 16,000 employees working from home. In order to support this predominantly remote workforce, we relied on both technology and our overarching culture as a firm, our One BlackRock culture. It doesn’t change in this model, in fact, if anything, it needs to be reinforced and maybe even stronger. Unlike many financial institutions, BlackRock operates as a technology company. Since inception 32 years ago, we’ve lived by this mindset with Aladdin at our core. Even before the coronavirus, roughly 90% of our employees logged into our network remotely at some point over a typical 90-day period and we offer a number of ways to securely connect to our network from either a personal device or a BlackRock laptop. This connectivity was optimized, this connectivity was enhanced as part of our business continuity planning.  We also worked to ensure that everyone across the firm had the appropriate technology to be able to do their job from home. From ordering thousands of laptops months ago to building full workstations at home for groups of portfolio managers and traders, this effort enabled us to remain fully operational and effective throughout this whole period and has been steadily improving as we settle into this new normal. Interestingly, we have a culture that already leverages video calls, Symphony chats really as the norm. In fact for the past many years, at least five years, every employee in the firm has had a camera on their work zone enabling all internal calls to include video. This has allowed daily stand ups, hurdles, team meetings, town halls to all migrate seamlessly to this virtual setting that we’re living in. With clients, we have focused on maintaining connectivity, no matter where they or we are located. Clients look to BlackRock even more in times of market volatility and uncertainty. So our ability to communicate with them, to serve them has remained at the forefront of every decision we have made.  Thousands of our institutional retail public sector clients have attended virtual BlackRock events in the past few weeks. And as Larry mentioned, we’ve been talking to our clients more than ever before. We’ve also continued to prioritize providing physical and mental health resources to our now largely remote workforce, rolling out new or enhanced programs to our employees including telemedicine capabilities, access to clinicians to answer urgent coronavirus questions, group counseling sessions, backup childcare. In my 26 years at the firm, I don’t believe there has ever been a time we’ve communicated more to our clients and to our employees. I also don’t believe there’s ever been a time where it’s been more appreciated.  Our focus on service, our focus on communication obviously extends to Aladdin as well. The Aladdin client community has expressed great appreciation for the responsiveness and the proactive nature of our service teams and has said that the stability and resiliency of our platform has been absolutely essential to their own business continuity planning. Without Aladdin’s automation of processes, consistency of data and technical resiliency, the transition to a work from home model would have been much more difficult. To quote the CEO of one of our clients in a recent article on their coronavirus response “Previously manual processes have been swept away by Aladdin.” So this is always important, but obviously it becomes even more important in this environment. Personally, I can’t imagine how challenging it must be to run a firm with a cobbled together infrastructure through this situation.  Aladdin clients are also looking to us as a partner and a thought leader during these uncertain times. One example of this was using Aladdin to publish what we call a new market-driven scenario, a stress test, based on the coronavirus to all of our Aladdin clients in early February. This provided clients with a framework for considering the market implications of a global pandemic. It allowed them to layer on their own views and ultimately stress test their portfolios on Aladdin. Our modeling and analytics teams are constantly working to understand the model, the impact of new governmental policies and programs. For example, how forbearance programs may impact prepayment speed and the risk of mortgage-backed securities and then sharing those findings with our clients.  Capabilities and thought leadership like this are our focus of building lasting partnerships with clients have led to incredibly strong relationships. These relationships, coupled with the power of Aladdin have led to very high contract renewal rates and continued interest in doing more together for the Aladdin community. I believe our client relationships will only get stronger as we navigate this new environment together.  During this time, we even hit a new Aladdin community milestone, one I would have never anticipated. With our first Aladdin client go-live while both organizations were in full business continuity mode, while everyone was working from home. We had seven total go-lives in the past four weeks including in countries like Italy and Spain, and we’ve also kicked off a number of new client implementations fully remotely. It’s been truly remarkable. Aladdin is built for these times, and we are both proud and also quite humbled by the feedback we’ve received from clients.  Market shocks and market volatility just underscore the need for robust enterprise operating and risk management technology and Aladdin is uniquely positioned to provide both to our clients. Growth will be driven by the need for more efficient streamlined operations, the rise of outcome portfolio construction and the ever growing need for whole portfolio technology solutions.  Building BlackRock outside the walls of BlackRock and the resiliency of our platform and technology in response to the Coronavirus has been one of the most remarkable projects and efforts I’ve ever witnessed. We have proven we can build BlackRock, One BlackRock outside our walls. This is a combined manifestation of our culture, our global platform, Aladdin, lots and lots of planning, lots and lots of hard work really over many years. So I’ll now pass it over to Salim to discuss how clients have been using ETFs and iShares to invest in this unprecedented market.
Salim Ramji: Thanks, Rob. I just echo the sentiments of others. I hope everyone is safe and healthy and stays that way. I’m going to spend the next 10 minutes just talking about what we’ve seen this quarter through the lens of iShares and there are really three points that I wanted to make. First, I’ll give you a little bit of context on the quarter. Second, I’ll talk you through some of the most extreme tests to ETFs and indexation we’ve seen in our recent history and I wanted to show you how iShares’ performance excelled during that period. And finally, I wanted to give you some insight into how this is unlocking new sources of client demand and accelerating major trends, which is why we remain optimistic about the medium-term growth prospects for iShares. So first, we’ve seen two very distinct environments over the course of this quarter in which I iShares gathered 14 billion. Flows across our product segments reminded us that iShares is in a model that has multiple product segments across core, strategic and precision exposures. The first half of the quarter saw $44 billion inflows across nearly all product segments. As market turbulence hit towards the end of February, we saw $30 billion of net outflows throughout the quarter concentrated mostly in our highly liquid flagship fixed income and a few precision market driven exposures. But throughout the quarter our core and strategic product lines, which are each about a third of our iShares assets, provided a solid $23 billion worth of flows and often very steady growth. Core equities delivered $11 billion with its growth largely coming from the growth of model portfolios and buy and hold segments globally. Our sustainable line raised $10 billion in the quarter, which puts us as the global market leader with 66% market share. Our factor ETFs raised nearly $2 billion, even as the industry saw outflows in factor strategies and our fixed income ETFs experienced high volatility during the -- high volatility of flows during the quarter ending roughly flat in a fixed income market across active and index, which saw record outflows of $178 billion just in the US alone. From a client and competitor lens, the first half of the quarter was spread across our wealth and institutional clients. The outflows in the second part were largely led by institutions. The movement to commission free platforms, which we saw in the last quarter of last year across RIA and direct to the United States has continued to benefit ETFs and iShares, our monthly flows have increased especially from advisors with more investments that we’re making to build our brand with individuals. And finally, the decline in our global market flow share in the quarter occurred largely in the last half and is attributed to three things. Outflows in our precision and market-driven and fixed income ETFs, a segment that we have and competitors don’t; pull back in March amongst global institutional buyers across a range of at risk assets, again a segment that we are in, that most of our competitors aren’t; and finally, switching behavior amongst competitors from their index funds to ETFs.  But the real story of this quarter is not inflows, but the resilience and performance. iShares, as well as indexation and ETFs as a category, came under one of the most extreme tests in our history. And I’m not just talking about market volatility, but also the need for liquidity, for price discovery, for functioning markets in the face of poor market-wide circuit breakers, for tens of billions of dollars of index rebalances in extraordinary markets and with most teams of BlackRock and our partners working from home. The most important thing that happened this quarter was in the face of these extreme tests, iShares functioned efficiently and provided a better way for investors to access markets through this turbulence. They have proved that they do what we said that they would do. And let me just give you four facts. The first simply is usage. When volatility surge, investors increasingly use ETFs to allocate capital and transfer risk. In the latter half of the quarter, ETFs averaged 37% of the tape versus 27% in 2019. The second fact is that through these market swings, ETFs provided a better way for investors to access markets. Specifically in many instances, it was cheaper to trade the ETF than it was to trade the basket of underlying securities. While ETF spreads have widened in line with the market, the spreads of the most frequently traded iShares those with ADV of greater than $100 million are tighter than our competitors. Third, extreme volatility in the equity markets showcase the successful implementation of market structure improvements from the last five years to resume after trading halts. Despite facing market wide circuit breakers on four distinct days in March, ETFs and iShares resumed trading normally. And finally, as in prior high velocity market episodes, iShares provided price discovery to the bond market. ETFs have been modernizing the bond market by contributing real-time information about pricing and market conditions. To take just one example, on March 12th, an especially volatile day, the iShares investment grade bond ETF LQD traded almost 90,000 times, while its top five holdings traded an average of 37 times. Across multiple fixed income sub asset classes, mortgages, investment grade, high yield, even treasuries, iShares ETF prices were leading indicators of actionable markets. Now our teams are constantly monitoring the market to ensure that our iShares are performing as clients expect them to. We are constantly surveilling a few of those in quality metrics across several thousand ETFs globally. But there are four metrics that you can use to assess the health and trading quality of iShares especially in periods of volatility. The first is usage, ETF as a percentage of equity or bond trading volumes. As markets get more volatile, more investors turn to ETFs, especially iShares, and this is a significant strategic advantage. The second metric is trading costs relative to the underlying assets, and how do ETF bid offer spreads compared to the underlying equity or bond portfolios. iShares have proven to be more efficient than competitors, and the market, which is why total cost matters more than just total expense ratio, especially for tactical allocators. The third metric is price discovery. Discounts and premium to NAV are one indicator, but they aren’t decisive. Sometimes the ETF is providing discovery and one way to determine if an ETF is providing price discovery to markets is look to the underlying volume of trading in the ETF versus the volume of trading in the underlying securities markets themselves. Not all ETFs do this, but iShares consistently does this better than competitors. And finally, there is tracking. This is something we are laser focused on, not just in ETFs, but across the entire indexing business of BlackRock. For example, flagship, fixed income, iShares tracked performance at just 3 basis points in the quarter while competitors tracked in the double digits. The volatility of our tracking was also lower than our peers over the course of this historically turbulent quarter, highlighting the efficiency with which we manage our products. Now, iShares’ performance under extreme conditions is unlocking new sources of client demand and expanding our opportunity set. Let me just give you color from three accelerants that we’re seeing that fuel our optimism for the medium and longer term. The first stems from what we’ve been referencing throughout this call: The growth of fixed income, ETF usage and the modernization of the bond market itself. Since February, we have had hundreds of conversations and reach thousands of clients from pension funds to large wealth managers to asset managers to insurance companies about our fixed income ETFs. In nearly every case, when we took them through the facts and showed them how iShares performed under extreme cases, they came away reassured. We’ve even started to convert long-term skeptics. Towards the end of the quarter, we saw first-time buyers among significant asset managers, insurance companies and pension funds globally, deploying a few billion to start towards our fixed income iShares slot. This is part of a bigger movement, it’s one that Larry and Rob have spoken about which is the modernization of the bond market. And this latest extreme test is another proof point about how iShares are becoming an essential technology in the fixed income market. And when that market is under stress, investors turn to iShares even more.  Our conviction is even stronger today that fixed income ETFs will be a $2 trillion market over the next four years with a significant growth opportunity for BlackRock.  The second accelerant stems from the growth of model portfolios globally. In times of volatility, we see more investors, especially in wealth management move to discretionary model portfolios. The reasons are straightforward. They’re simpler, cheaper, more diversified and tend to perform better over the medium term. iShares benefits in two ways, through the models that BlackRock manages and even more significantly through the models that third parties, often our clients manage themselves, where iShares plays a central role at the core and increasingly in factors and ESG. Last year growth in models accounted for about 30% of iShares’ flows in the United States, and we’re seeing that growth accelerate. Q1 was a record quarter for our managed models of iShares. Models are a critical area of growth and we think it should account for half of iShares’ growth over the medium term.  The third and final accelerant is sustainable ETFs, which is we think is not only a major growth area, but one that is right for indexation. Q1 was a record quarter for us in sustainable ETFs at $10 billion. We now manage $40 billion across ETFs and index mutual funds. But these are just early days. Client demand has surprised us to the upside. We are seeing iShares being bought as part of tax loss harvesting campaigns, as core parts of asset allocation and model portfolios and is tactical exposures by institutional investors. IShares is leading the market in part because of product and education, but also commitment and an intention to focus on building out a global and diverse set of products that now numbers 100 across ETFs and index funds. We expect our sustainable ETFs are going to grow 4x or 5x, over the next three to four years. I hope you better understand forces that are driving our flows this quarter, especially precision, market driven, segments and institutional clients, and the diversity of the platform. That doesn’t make the next quarter and the one after that any easier to predict. Even with the upswing that we’ve seen in the past couple of weeks. But what is both predictable and stronger as a result of Q1 are two things: The resiliency and performance of iShares in the face of the most extreme tests that we have faced in our history; and the growth opportunities that these tests and the accelerants are driving. As we looked at that medium to long-term, our confidence in iShares and our prospects for double-digit asset growth, strong revenue growth and market leadership remains strong. So with that, I’d like to turn it back to Larry.
Larry Fink : Thank you, Salim. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. Hopefully, you heard from hearing from -- hearing from Salim and Rob, I hope you get a sense of the depth of the leadership team at BlackRock beyond Rob Kapito, and myself. I hope you also found today’s insights helpful in better understanding how BlackRock is helping our clients and our employees navigate this unprecedented environment and how our diverse business model provides us a greater resiliency in times like this. The strategic investments we’ve made over recent years in key areas for growth continues to deliver. And we believe BlackRock is more differentiated in this environment than ever before. I cannot be prouder of how BlackRock’s 16,000 employees have come together during this time to help one another and to ensure we’re doing everything we can on behalf of all our clients worldwide.  With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Michael, your line is open. 
Michael Cyprys: Maybe just Larry, in your Shareholders Letter, you mentioned one of the biggest changes for asset managers is around the use of technology. And you had mentioned that asset managers will have to be as good at it as any tech firms. So I guess curious how you see the industry bridging the gap from where you are today to that aspirational state of as good as is any tech firm and what areas on the technology front are you at BlackRock focused on improving today? 
Larry Fink: Michael I am pleased to have Rob Goldstein, our Head of Technology to give you a much more precise answer that I can. Rob? 
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Larry, and thanks, Michel. The -- it's an interesting question. As I mentioned during my comments earlier that since the beginning we've always thought of the asset management business as an information processing business where you have enormous amounts of data that you need to effectively manage, process and compile in a way that it becomes actionable, it becomes trustworthy and then people can make decisions about it. And what's amazing is that even in this year 2020 with all of the technology innovation that has happened in the broad world and in our industry, the truth is, asset management and the broader industry with which it lives in does not have a common language that is used across market participants. And that's what we've been trying to accomplish and that's been our aspiration with regard to Aladdin. We actually have a strategy that we call Tech 2025 that has a few basic pillars to it, which is about this concept of building and enabling this whole portfolio ecosystem and having Aladdin be the language of portfolios in terms of doing that. That ecosystem and where we’re focused is on bringing together both public and private markets into one combined language and one combined platform. We're extending Aladdin to be a platform -- to not just be a system, but to be a platform and to be a language that effectively connects in with other important technologies within the broader ecosystem that we live within.  And then lastly, I would just say, within BlackRock, we're very focused on data, how we use data, but also how we leverage new techniques, particularly techniques like artificial intelligence, advanced data science, to do more information processing, to find more alpha signals within data. In fact, what's interesting is some of the capabilities that we've developed within our AI lab, which is something still a year and a half old, some of those capabilities actually were quite important in terms of the scale that we achieved through this recent market volatility. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Craig, your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: I wanted to come back to the financial markets advisory business. Could you walk us through each of the government programs they've already been assigned to? And then also how should we think about the potential AUM and fee opportunity for the firm? 
Larry Fink: Thanks Craig. Let me answer the first part and maybe I'll allow Gary to finish up the question. As I mentioned on the call, we’ve built FMA from the very beginnings of the firm. Actually our first revenue when we started the firm was that, we didn't call it FMA, but it was an advisory assignment and then it really took hold as I think I said in our call that, it's been part of our platform truly since 1994. And over time, we've really successfully completed these crisis oriented mandates where we have been working on regulatory assignments for financial institutions. And now we're actually working with a number of institutions on ESG risk and risk analytics and their strategy related to it. So it has been truly a component of BlackRock. Then over the last few years we haven't really discussed, because it becomes much more notable during financial crisis like it did in 2008 to 2012. We don't -- we did not build this with the idea that we're going to be needed during these crises as we built it to help our clients during normal times in resiliency. But I don't think during crisis, I don't think there's any firm in the world that’s better prepared to be working on these truly critical assignments of designing programs for assisting our clients, whether it is assistance in terms of related to monetary policy, be in terms of how it is effectuated, the procedures and the policies. And this is something I'm very proud of.  It has been already noted that we won a rather large assignment with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, with the Bank of Canada and now the European Commission on ESG. And we're having dialogues across different governments right now. And so I do believe it's going to continue to be opportunities for us. It will continue to give us strong differentiation. And I've been -- I'm very proud of how resilient this division is. But importantly, how it is helping our clients by capturing all the informational flow from BlackRock and helping design these effective programs with our clients and yet retain the confidentiality of all the information segregated, separated, differentiated, we are -- this is a very strong component of our fiduciary culture. On the financial aspects, Gary, do you want to respond to that please? 
Gary Shedlin: Sure, Larry. So Craig, good morning. As Larry said, we're obviously very proud to be advising both the New York Fed and the Bank of Canada on programs to support the economy. I don't think it'll come as a major surprise to you that it's our policy not to comment on the terms of our relationships with individual clients. It's obviously up to our clients to determine whether they want to publicly disclose that information on our work with them. But I can offer you the following.  From a pure income statement perspective, any revenue related to these assignments is actually going to flow through our advisory and other revenue line item from a geography standpoint.  In terms of advisory flows in the first quarter, you will note on our AUM schedules that we did note 1.2 billion of advisory flows during the quarter on Page 4 of our earnings release. And those in fact were driven by management of assets linked to the New York Fed assignment. All public information regarding our mandate with the New York Fed will be available, some is and some will become available on their websites.  As it relates to the first -- the CMBS facility itself, that actually does have an investment management agreement and a specific fee schedule on the website. And you know that'll give a fee rate of 2 basis points on the first $20 billion, 1.25 basis points on the next $30 billion and no incremental revenue after $50 billion. As it relates to the other two facilities, the primary and the secondary market, corporate credit facilities, the actual investment management agreements and fees on those have not been published yet by the fed. But there are term sheets that broadly talk about the outlines of each of those on their website. And at such time as agreements are signed, they will ultimately in the spirit of transparency by the Fed be posted on their website.  In terms of I would just say the Bank of Canada relationship as Larry mentioned, FMA has been selected as an advisor on the design of a commercial paper purchase program to help support the flow of credit to the economy by alleviating strains in their CP markets. Bank of Canada has also retained two other -- well one is an additional asset manager and one as a custodian. And again, all that information I would point you towards their website for more detail. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Bill Katz with Citigroup. Bill, your line is now open. 
Bill Katz: Larry, I’m just sort of curious, you had mentioned you've been in contact -- one of the themes on this call is you’ve been in sort of contact with a lot of your clients throughout the quarter, particularly toward the end of the quarter, a lot of moving parts. But I'm sort of wondering if you're getting any sense of how allocation changes may shift here, whether it be on the institutional side or the retail side? And I was wondering if you could maybe answer a question through the prism of maybe asset allocation versus product allocation? Thank you. 
Larry Fink: So let me start with that related to the de-risking, risking. And I'm going to have Rob Kapito talk about this too because he's on the frontline of this. Obviously we had vast de-risking from February 21st to the end of the quarter. And much of it was done using indexed products to go in and out of the marketplaces. But our conversations have been very broad in terms of what our clients are going to start inching back into the marketplace. So we had a recent call in the month of April with 750 institutional clients and 75% of that group expressed plans to actively take on more risks and by -- start beginning to buy in dips, while only 5% expressed that they are taking risk off the table. And we're seeing this across the board in our illiquid alternative space. We are actually having deeper, longer, broader dialogues than ever before. Clients are looking -- continue to looking for that. As we showed in sustainability issues, clients are just as interested today despite all the underpinnings of the global economies related to COVID-19. And so I would say, clients have done broad de-risking. They wanted to get their foundation in views. Some of them will be -- had already entered the market. Some of them are going to be waiting because they expect another dip and it really depends on the client's position. We actually have some clients who were needed to sell because of the decline in energy prices. And there are all many reasons where you had not just a de-risking but we have governments who need cash flow and need to spend on that. And so, that's also a thing that has, in my mind that drove -- as oil prices were being driven down, it obviously created an environment where those countries that have been benefiting from rising energy prices and stable energy prices, they were investing dollars and now there they’re into support their economy, they've done other things in terms of using some of their vast savings to support their own economy.  We also expect to see clients continue to look at different equity strategies. In fact, one great client of BlackRock's heard from us about opportunities and they sold a large component of their U.S. government bonds and bought a portfolio of -- a conservative portfolio of dividend stocks, so selling government bonds and going up to a higher yielding asset class with upside potential in terms of beta. So they obviously went from one extreme government bonds to not hyper growth equities, but equities that provide a foundation of higher income than what you could earn in bonds. So, across the board.  Let me have Rob continue to give you a little more texture and color. 
Rob Kapito: Yes. So we're in a unique position because of the diversity of the platform. So we get to look at clients’ preferences as they evolve. And what we did see was some outflows in active fixed income. But then where did people go? We saw $52 billion of inflows into cash. We saw $4 billion into active equity and $4 billion into multi-asset and $4 billion into liquid and illiquid alternatives. So a lot of clients looked at where levels were in interest rates and looked to actually re-risk and it was broken down more by institutional and retail. Certainly a lot of institutions, some chose to de-risk and that shows the buildup in liquidity moving into cash, when others realize valuation opportunities and equities were at levels which they had wished they were able to invest in amongst these declines, so they entered.  On the retail side, people were a bit concerned about credit and they were concerned about being in the right credits that represent -- companies that represent the new normal or that have better business models. But one thing in the asset allocation, which I didn't expect and give Larry credit for calling this one was, in this reallocation people use this to go into ESG oriented products or they structure their portfolio in a more ESG oriented way. And we saw that in the flows and reflected in our ESG oriented products which had extraordinary inflows. So, that was one of the interesting aspects of this change in asset allocation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Patrick, your line is open.
Patrick Davitt: A lot of investors have been growling that the fed purchasing ETFs and in particular non-investment grade ETFs, hence set some sort of bailout for BlackRock in the ETF industry more broadly. What is your reaction to that? Do you think the ETFs even needed it or is it more of a quick way to backstop the underlying? And finally, do you think iShares flows since then were helped meaningfully by that shift of the Fed?
Larry Fink : I object to your -- the way you framed it as a bailout. I don't know where you're coming from with that question. I think it's insulting. There is -- all the issues around what we're doing with governments is based on great practices. There was never any questions about supporting one market or using tools. But beginning to the details of the answer after I responded to your framing of the question, let me give the answer to Salim.
Salim Ramji : Yes, look, in terms of investment grade and high yield flows, those have continued to recover as those markets have continued to recover. And I think that ETFs, whether it's our investment grade ETFs or high yield ETFs, are part of those markets. And so as clients have chosen to at risk or come back into risk, they've done those into investment grade and high yield, including accessing the underlying bond market and the bond ETFs that we and others represent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Dan, your line is open.
Dan Fannon : Gary, I was hoping you could provide some additional color around being margin aware, as well as staying on the offensive. Obviously, we heard the comments around still waiting to think about the duration of this market backdrop, but just curious as to what you're doing now and what potentially you could do if things don't recover from here?
Larry Fink : Gary?
Gary Shedlin : Yes, sure, Dan. Good morning. So just looking back at the margin for the quarter. I think as we mentioned, it was down 20 basis points from a year ago primarily due to higher G&A. So let's put that in perspective, first. G&A was up significantly 43% year-over-year versus an 11% increase in revenue. That included about $155 million of what we would call non-core items for the quarter. I think we've called out a bunch of them, but just to be clear, we had $84 million of fund launch costs. We had $35 million of certain legal costs. We had $25 million of our, what we hope is kind of the last big contingent fair value adjustment that was related to first reserve. We had some FX remeasurement, and importantly, we had some incrementally higher technology costs in the quarter associated with business continuity planning. So about 80% of that year-over-year increase was due to those non-core items and that actually impacted our margin by about 170 basis points for the quarter alone. If you exclude those non-core items, our G&A was up about 8%, which was about $30 million and again that was driven by higher technology expense and professional fees, offset by lower T&E and marketing spend. So I think it's important just to kind of keep that in some perspective. I think as we think about the rest of the year in terms of expense, I would say, kind of the following. Obviously, a significant amount of our expense is, in fact, let's call it variable. 50% of our expense base is manageable in the context of compensation. That's people and incentive comp. We've got about 30% of our expense base that it would be related to AUM type drivers, like direct fund expense and distribution. And then I would say of our G&A, probably about half of that is manageable. The remaining, I mean the biggest pieces there are marketing spend and our T&E spend, which will both clearly be lower in the current environment. But as I think, we think about expense right now, as Larry mentioned, our current priority is really to maintain the health and safety of our employees, to ensure operational excellence to best serve our clients in this environment. I think we have shown repeatedly that we have pretty strong expense discipline and are prepared to manage the entire expense base. And we will clearly be very prudent in reevaluating that once we actually have a better assessment of what the long-term revenue implications of this crisis are. We've been at this now for five weeks. I think the last thing we want to do is to basically react too quickly for a crisis that we don't yet know whether it will be months or weeks or quarters. And in the meantime, I think we are going to make sure we act decisively, we're going to focus resources and we're committed obviously not to reducing our workforce this year as a result of COVID-19. But we are going to slow down hiring. I think in previous difficult and volatile markets, I think you've seen us through our model being able to grow organically and ascend margin. We think it's incredibly important we continue playing offense. We've seen time and time again firms who would have cut back too quickly and then when things get back to normal, they're simply not ready to basically take advantage of all the opportunities in front of them. So we're going to continue to basically watch and monitor. And as part of that I might say that we did decide to postpone our Investor Day this year due to current events, but we are going to plan to maintain a regular dialog with shareholders and the investment community over the coming months through these expanded earnings calls, through a number of virtual events hosted by our business leaders and we'll definitely keep you up to speed in terms of the details as they become more clear.
Operator: Your final question today comes from Ken Worthington with JP Morgan. Ken, your line is open.
Ken Worthington : We saw a huge move in cash and money market funds in the market sell-off, but regulators had to step in again to support money market funds. If regulators impose further restrictions on money market funds, could this next round of rules possibly kill off the money market fund structure or maybe just prime funds? Or do the financial markets really need this money market fund structure for the T-Bill and commercial paper markets?
Larry Fink : That's a great question, Ken. Let me give it to Rob Kapito.
Rob Kapito : So I think the money market business is an important business. And of course as you clearly identified, it's broken down into more of a treasury-based and a prime-based. But for a companies, the short-term debt that they borrow from investors through prime money market funds really do serve it as an important source of cash flow, which covers sometimes operations and within that sometimes payroll. And you can imagine in an environment that we're going into, this is a very important area for them to be able to raise cash. So while the prime funds have changed obviously into floating rate NAVs, I think what's important in these funds is that they're sold to the right people and the right people understand them. For us, just to keep in mind, prime funds really represent $121 billion of the $594 billion that we have in our cash business and we're managing the flows into our prime funds and keeping liquidity above what I would consider appropriate risk levels in our 2a-7 funds. We've built liquidities in these funds and feel pretty good about our current position. And when this crisis occurred, we were very quick to raise significant liquidity early in the crisis, one, due to our strong market position that we were able to access good secondary market liquidity, but one is also from learning from the past. So we wanted to stay well in excess of our regulatory liquidity thresholds through the entire month of March. There is also a lot of credit work that has to go into these and I don't think people understand the amount of effort and time and work that goes into making sure you also are buying the right product here. And I know that there are several of our competitors that have to step in and support these funds. We did not need to step in to support our funds. So the Fed has also made expansions for previously announced facilities allowing the money market mutual fund liquidity facility to accept municipal variable rate, demand notes and bank CDs as collateral, and allowing the commercial paper funding facility to accept the high-quality tax-exempt commercial paper as eligible securities and lowering prices as well on the commercial papers. So look, we think it's still an important funding source. Will this particular crisis bring more regulatory pressure? It could. But I think it would impact the prime funds first, and knock the other funds, which I still think are very important not only for the issuers but also for clients to maintain the cash positions, get some sort of rate for that and be comfortable with the credit quality.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Larry Fink : First of all, thank you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. Let me just state first, I'm very honored by the trust that our clients, the governments and communities have placed for BlackRock. We approach it with a deep sense of responsibility. We are a fiduciary in every action we do. We're a fiduciary in terms of information. We're a fiduciary in terms of how policy is being executed. And let me just say, we're committed to making sure that we are doing everything we can for our clients. We are committed in making sure our advice is one as a fiduciary to governments. And we will continue to build that presence. And I do believe the results of our working with many, many governments is a testimonial to the fiduciary foundations of who and what we are. I'm also incredibly proud in the way our organization has come together guided by our long-standing principles and being true to our purpose to support each other and supporting our clients and supporting all the communities where we operate during this time of great need. I just want to emphasize more than ever before, a long-term focus has never been more critical for our investors. What has taken BlackRock here over the last 32 years is our ability to always focus on the long term. And we will continue to invest, we will continue to innovate in the years to come. We will continue to build the best leadership team in financial services. And we will continue to try to be the best source of stability in times of crisis. We want to meet our clients' needs more than ever, we want to make sure that the communities where we operate is a community of growth, not contraction. And more than ever before, we need to fulfill our purpose in helping more people worldwide in experiencing financial well-being, trust and hope, hope for their future, hope for the future of their community, hope for the future of their children and their children's children, and that's our purpose at BlackRock to do that, to work with communities, to work with our clients, and to hold dearly and tightly our employees so they feel safe and with that safety, they could continuously build that safety and hope to our clients. Please everyone, stay safe and have a wonderful quarter as best we can in the second quarter. Thank you. Bye, bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Laurie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Chris Meade: Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and Happy New Year to everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results. Our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, and I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. For many years, BlackRock’s differentiated globally integrated asset management and technology business, including our risk management and portfolio construction tools, has proven its ability to deliver for clients and shareholders in different market environments, and that continued in 2019. A difficult fourth quarter of 2018 created a challenging start to the year, but as we noted a year ago volatile market environments create opportunities for growth at BlackRock as long as we remain disciplined to continue playing offense. BlackRock achieved both revenue and earnings growth during 2019. Investment performance across our active products was excellent with 86%, 76%, and 84% in taxable fixed income, fundamental and systematic active equity assets respectively above benchmark or peer median for the trailing 3-year period. We generated record net inflows of $429 billion, representing 7% organic asset growth and 5% organic base fee growth, enabling us to once again beat our aspirational organic growth target for the fifth time in the last seven years. And we finished the year with strong momentum reporting over $129 billion in total flows in the fourth quarter. The financial strength and stability of our operating model allows us to continuously invest through market cycles and capture growth in areas of highest client demand by technology, illiquid alternatives and iShares, especially higher growth strategic ETF segments such as factors, fixed income sustainable and megatrends. These investments position BlackRock to offer clients not simply products but comprehensive whole portfolio solutions and to generate consistent long-term growth for shareholders. Full year revenue of $14.5 billion was up 2%, while operating income of $5.6 billion increased marginally. Earnings per share of $28.48 was up 6% versus 2018. For the fourth quarter, BlackRock generated revenue of $4 billion and operating income of $1.5 billion, up 16% and 17% respectively from a year ago, when results were impacted by significant market volatility. Quarterly earnings per share of $8.34 was up 37% versus 2018, also reflecting higher non-operating income, a lower effective tax rate, and reduced diluted share count in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $85 million of net investment income, primarily driven by the mark-to-market valuation of our minority stake in Envestnet and higher marks on unhedged seed capital investments. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 18%, driven in part by discrete benefits linked to additional guidance on U.S. tax reform. We currently estimate that 23% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for 2020. The actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on recently enacted tax legislation. Fourth quarter base fees of $3.1 billion were up $310 million year-over-year primarily driven by the positive impact of market beta, organic growth, and higher securities lending revenue partially offset by certain strategic pricing investments. Year-over-year quarterly base fee growth of 11% lagged growth of average AUM of 16%, however, due to the ongoing impact of divergent equity beta and client preference for lower risk fixed income and cash assets in 2019. In addition, while fourth quarter base fees were up 4% sequentially, our overall fee rate declined 0.1 basis points versus the third quarter. Full year base fees ended up 2% notwithstanding the impact of a significant global equity market decline in last year’s fourth quarter. As a reminder, we entered 2019 with an annualized base fee run rate approximately 6% lower than 2018. Fourth quarter performance fees of $239 million more than doubled versus a year ago collecting strong alpha generation from liquid and illiquid alternative products. Full year performance fees of $450 million were up 9% compared to 2018, despite a significant number of liquid alternative products entering the year below their high watermarks. Importantly, recognized performance fees from illiquid alternatives were up significantly in 2019 and represented approximately 30% of total performance fees for the year. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 35% year-over-year and full year revenue of $974 million increased 24%, reflecting the impact of the eFront acquisition and continued growth in Aladdin. Excluding eFront, technology services revenue grew 12% for the full year and we continue to target low to mid-teens growth going forward. Demand remains strong for our full range of technology solutions and digital distribution tools including institutional Aladdin, eFront, and Aladdin Wealth. Fourth quarter advisory and other revenue increased 30% year-over-year reflecting higher transition management and advisory assignments. Total expense increased 4% in 2019, driven primarily by higher compensation and G&A expense and the acquisition of eFront. For the full year, compensation expense increased $164 million or 4% primarily reflecting higher headcount, higher performance fees, and higher deferred compensation expense. Our full year comp-to-revenue ratio of 34.8% was moderately higher than 2018 as a result of the mark-to-market impact of certain deferred compensation programs in 2019 and the full year impact of retention awards related to recent acquisition activity. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we determine compensation on a full year basis. Fourth quarter G&A expense was up $130 million sequentially due to seasonally higher levels of marketing and promotional spend, higher technology expense, and the aggregate impact of $48 million of quarterly expense related to contingent consideration fair value adjustments and foreign exchange remeasurement. Overall, G&A expense increased 7% in 2019, reflecting higher levels of technology spend, the impact of the eFront acquisition, and $59 million of fund launch costs related to the successful second quarter close of the $1.4 billion BlackRock Science and Technology Trust II. Excluding the impact of eFront and various non-core items such as contingent consideration fair value adjustments, product launch costs, and FX remeasurement expense, we estimate that our full year core G&A spend increased 2% versus 2018. While we continually focus on managing our entire discretionary expense base, we would currently expect 2020 core G&A expense to increase approximately 5% relative to comparable 2019 levels driven by continued investment in technology and market data including sustainability initiatives and the full year impact of the eFront acquisition. Our full year as adjusted operating margin of 43.7% was down 60 basis points versus 2018 reflecting our strategic decision to continue investing responsibly in 2019 despite the more challenging overall revenue capture environment created by last year's fourth quarter market volatility. We continue to see strong performance in our future drivers of differentiated growth including ETFs, alternatives, technology and portfolio construction and remain deeply committed to investing responsibly for the long-term and optimizing growth in the most efficient way possible. And we are prudently using our balance sheet to best position BlackRock to achieve this success. During 2019, we allocated over $750 million of new seed and co-investment capital to support our growth with our investment portfolio now exceeding $3 billion for the first time. We also closed the strategic acquisition to eFront which in combination with Aladdin will provide clients with an ability to seamlessly manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on the single platform. And we remain committed to systematically returning excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases returning an aggregate of $3.8 billion to shareholders in 2019. We repurchased approximately $1.7 billion worth of shares at an average share price of $414 per share taking advantage of attractive relative valuation opportunities that arose during the year. Since inception of our current capital management strategy in 2013, we have now repurchased approximately $8.7 billion of BlackRock stock reducing our outstanding total shares by 9% and generating an unlevered compound annual return of 14% for our shareholders. At present based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions including the relative valuation of our stock price, we would anticipate repurchasing at least $1.2 billion of shares during 2020 consistent with our guidance a year ago. In addition and also subject to market conditions, we expect to see Board approval later this month for an increase to our first quarter 2020 dividend. BlackRock's globally diversified investment platform combined with industry leading risk management and portfolio construction technology enables us to bring together the entire firm to partner with clients in order to meet their evolving needs. Fourth quarter total net inflows of $129 billion representing 7% annualized organic AUM growth and 10% annualized organic base fee growth led by flows into strategic focus areas including iShares and illiquid alternatives. Full year flows of $429 billion were positive across active and indexed, all asset classes, client types and regions and reflected significant strength in fixed income and cash which accounted for approximately 85% of organic growth. Globalize shares generated $183 billion of net inflows for the year representing 11% organic growth. Importantly, we saw momentum into year end driven by a resurgence in equity ETFs. Fourth quarter iShares net inflows of $75 billion represented an annualized organic asset growth rate of 15%. Notably in 2019, over 80% of iShares flows were driven by strategic product segments which saw 28% organic growth. We also saw continued strength in the core segment with 15% organic growth partially offset by volatility driven outflows from precision exposure ETFs primarily in May and August. Within the higher fee strategic segment, it was a record year for fixed income ETFs where iShares is the market leader. We generated $112 billion of net inflows into iShares fixed income ETFs representing 26% organic growth. Demand remains exceptionally strong as investors seek more efficient market access, portfolio construction evolves in wealth management and technology accelerates the modernization and electronification of the bond market. We achieved the number one share of the industry factor ETF flows with $34 billion across a diverse range of factor iShares. During 2019, U.S. Min Vol or USMV was our largest and the industry's fourth highest asset gathering ETF capturing over $12 billion in net inflows. This is the first time a factor exposure outpaced every market cap weighted iShares ETF in terms of aggregate flows. iShares sustainable ETF lineup represents the fastest growing of our strategic segments generating $12 billion of net inflows and ending the year with $22 billion of AUM more than any other active or index firm. During 2019, the iShares ESG Leaders Fund raised over $1 billion representing the largest equity ETF launch in the past 15 years. BlackRock generate full year retail net inflows of $16 billion outperforming the broader active mutual fund industry. Inflows were led by our suite of active fixed income products and liquid alternatives partially offset by outflows from Multi-asset World Allocation products. Fourth quarter retail net inflows of $8 billion reflected similar trends, but also included the seasonal impact of capital gains reinvestment. BlackRock's Institutional franchise generated record long-term net inflows of $136 billion in 2019 representing 4% organic base fee growth. Institutional flows reflects strength in fixed income, liquid alternatives and multi-asset solutions. Active net inflows of $2 billion were primarily into quantitative strategies for long-term performance remained strong. Momentum in our illiquid alternatives franchise accelerated and we saw $14 billion of net inflows in 2019. We also have $24 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies representing a significant source of future growth and performance fees. Finally, BlackRock cash management platforms continue to increase share by leveraging scale for clients and delivering innovative digital distribution and risk management solutions. In 2019, we saw $93 billion of cash management net inflows across the platform including prime, sustainable, government and muni funds. Our innovative Liquid Environmentally Aware Fund or LEAF continues to see strong momentum with $1 billion of net inflows since launch earlier this year. In summary, our 2019 results demonstrate the resilience of our platform which allows us to invest through market cycles and drive consistent and differentiated growth in a variety of markets. Our strategy is working. We will continue to invest responsibly during 2020 including in key growth areas like iShares, alternatives and technology to deliver the solutions our clients need to best position our employees for professional growth and to generate long-term returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning everyone and Happy New Year and welcome to a new decade. BlackRock has consistently and systematically invested for the future in preparation to meet clients changing needs by building a whole portfolio investment and technology platform providing thought leadership on the macro and geopolitical environment and innovating in areas like factors and sustainable investing. We are adapting to and driving change in our industry and building deeper more strategic partnerships with more clients than ever before. The benefits are our investments are evident in our results this morning. We generated a record $429 billion of total net inflows for the year representing 7% organic asset growth and 5% organic base fee growth. BlackRock's result reflects the strength of our platform which is diversified across now $2 trillion in active strategies, $5 trillion in iShares and index strategies and now over $500 billion in cash strategies. We generated $226 billion of net inflows in iShares and index, we generated $110 billion in flows in active investing and we generated $93 billion in cash strategies. Flows were positive across all client channels across all asset classes and across all regions including more than $1 billion in net inflows in each of 16 countries and in more than 71 different products. The total net new assets our clients entrusted to us in the past year equates to the level of assets under management of a top 50 global asset manager. After a dramatic fourth quarter 2018 market decline, which lowered BlackRock's AUM last year by $500 billion, we began 2019 at a challenging starting point. We entered the year with a base fee run rate that was about 6% lower than 2018 base fees. However, the successful execution of our 2019 strategy delivered revenue growth, operating income growth, earnings growth and alongside we are continuing to invest in future opportunities. 2019 was marked by heightened geopolitical and trade tensions which created volatility in financial markets, uncertainty around the U.S. and China trade negotiations, Brexit and other concerns about a slowdown in global growth all impacted investor sentiment, driving industry flows into safer fixed income and cash strategies, cash assets throughout the year. In a late cycle dovish turn by central banks globally, monetary policy proved again a powerful tool in offsetting so much of the geopolitical risk. We saw equity markets close 2019 at record highs followed by decisive U.K. elections to move forward with Brexit. And now we have a preliminary agreement on trade that will be signed today by the U.S. and China. The S&P 500 finished the year up 29% and yet emerging markets only rose 15%. 2019 also marked the year of milestones and transformations for the asset and wealth management industries. The ETF industry crossed $6 trillion in assets and iShares crossed $2 trillion. We still believe iShares in the industry are the early stages of growth. However, as clients are using iShares in many ways including as liquidity management, for hedging instruments, but also market access vehicles for central banks and to tactically access markets for Alpha managers. Increasingly, we are helping clients use iShares as an instrument of active returns and public markets. That's creating large and significant new market opportunities. Sustainability reached an inflection point with more and more clients focused on the impact on environmental, social and governance factors on their portfolios. Some to better align their investments with their values and more because of the implications of financial risk and returns related to sustainability and climate change. As I discussed in my letter to CEOs, which came out yesterday, we're entering a new era of finance, the investment risk presented by climate change are set to drive a significant reallocation of capital and companies investors and governments, we all need to be more prepared. Throughout the year BlackRock continue to invest and further differentiated our business model. We adapted to and drive change in our industry and ultimately enabled a deeper, a more comprehensive partnership with more clients than ever before. The benefits of our investments in strategic growth areas are clear. We saw strong flows in iShares, record flows and commitments in illiquid alternatives, record revenues and technology services in 2019 and active strategies where the industry faced muted flows. BlackRock generated $110 billion of net inflows and are active AUM is at an all time high. Our liquid environmentally aware fund franchise is nearing $8 billion in size less than a year after our launch. And we made significant progress to lead the industry in growth areas like OCIO, factor-based and sustainable investing and regions around the world including most recently China. iShares as the ETF market leader and generated $183 billion of net inflows for the year, 57 iShares ETFs each generated more than $1 billion of net inflows and we saw record flows in fixed income and we saw record flows in Europe. We once again captured the number one market share of 2019 in industry flows globally. Also in the United States, in Europe and in high growth segments such as fixed income ETF, factor ETFs and sustainability ETFs. We are optimistic about continued double-digit growth in iShares because we see vast new markets opening up and how clients want to use these exposures, iShares is expanding its range as a modernizing force in financial markets, nowhere is this more true than in fixed income ETFs. Fixed income ETFs will be one of the largest drivers of BlackRock's growth over the next decade. The combination of BlackRock's history as a bond manager. Our expertise in ETFs and our industry leading technology and data capabilities has created significant differentiation for iShares. After having pioneered the first fixed income ETF in 2002, iShares fixed income AUM surpassed $565 billion and generated a record $112 billion of net inflows in 2019, compared to the previous record of 2017 of $67 billion. While some of this has been as a result of a strong year in fixed income markets overall, we see this as a secular shift. We see this as a technology shift. We expect to reach a $1 trillion in fixed income iShares within the next five years and the growth path is going to be differentiated than equities. Growth in fixed income ETFs coming from the modernization of the $100 trillion bond market itself and from conversations of bond securities from institutions, central banks and even other alpha managers into ETFs. More investors than ever before have used iShares factor ETF to take active risk tapping into factors as an additional source of potential return beyond strategic asset allocation. We generated $34 billion in factor flows in 2019, significantly outpacing all other index and all other active factor providers. At the same time, we are seeing secular shifts in their regulatory and distribution landscape that is propelling more and more investors to iShares. For instance, in Europe we believe the ETF industry could double to $2 trillion over the next five years as MIFID II is driving change across a variety of business models and price transparency is focusing clients on value for money which will drive more demand for ETFs. In this region we are generating record iShares inflows of $60 billion and the industry crossed $1 trillion of AUM as ETF adoption accelerated. And in the United States, we see independent financial advisory and direct platforms shift their strategies to eliminating transaction costs, democratization access to investing through ETFs and enabling more people to invest to reach long-term financial objectives. We think this will be beneficial for brands like iShares that can deliver client high quality exposures with transparency, with ease of access and for good value. While, I've seen our monthly flows accelerated across these platforms since the move to commission free trading in October. Our expectation is for the benefit of these moves to play out in the coming months and years, especially for firms like us that can invest at scale and can invest for the long-term. We also had a record year in our illiquid alternative business and momentum is accelerating evidenced by increased fundraising and fund vintages as more clients reassess their liabilities and their liquidity needs associated with them, they are taking a longer term view on the assets in their portfolio and increasing allocation to illiquid alternatives. BlackRock generated $14 billion of illiquid alternative net inflows in 2019 up from $8 billion in 2018 and just $1 billion of net flows in 2017. Growth was driven by our infrastructure business by real estate, by LTPC and private credit. Fourth quarter illiquid alternatives results included the $1 billion close of a third global renewable power fund as well as our second and third close of LTPC in which we secured an additional $1.1 billion of commitments. Growth in our illiquid alternative business will further enhance and supported by our acquisition and integration of eFront as we leverage technology to enhance better solution we provide to our clients. Technology remains a key differentiator for BlackRock. Any strategic growth area, technology is how we've been able to scale our business into a global, multi-asset organization we are today and it enables us to have a deeper, more resilient conversation with more and more of our clients. Our long-term strategy is to provide technology for much of the asset management value chain as possible and make Aladdin the language of portfolios. Demand remains strong for Aladdin and our technology capabilities and we expect growth will be driven by expanding Aladdin's capabilities to existing clients, to attracting new clients, to inorganic growth, including eFront and the growth of our client's businesses as they scale themselves. Technology services revenues of $974 billion increased 24% year-over-year and more than doubled since 2014. McKinsey Research shows that only 3% of technology startups reach $1 billion in revenues and I'm proud that BlackRock will soon cross that milestone. Our Aladdin and eFront technology is used by more than 900 clients in 68 countries, including 16 wealth managers that have 35,000 financial advisors serving millions of end investors. The vast majority of our technology service revenues today come from our institutional Aladdin capabilities, which set the standard in investment management technology. And now with the integration of eFront, this will reinforce, our value proposition as the most comprehensive investment operating system for investors in the world. One of the biggest future growth opportunities is Aladdin Wealth. Macro forces are impacting the wealth industry including a more challenging market environment, heightened customer expectations, more regulation, technology advancements and this is driving demand for a deeper portfolio, analytical and risk transparency, portfolio construction, product and scale. These are all core to the Aladdin Wealth value proposition. Additionally, we are seeing more and more clients using Aladdin Wealth as a business enabler. Particularly in markets such as Europe and Asia where wealth managers are using Aladdin Wealth to move their business away from transaction commissions and retrocession based revenue model to more of an advice driven model. BlackRock's technology facilitates our ability to fulfill our purpose and helping more and more people experience financial wellbeing by building best in class tools for ourselves and for our clients, we are able to construct better portfolios and then deliver better outcomes. Tools alone, however, are not sufficient. As I wrote about in my letter to CEOs, BlackRock like all the other investors need clear uniform and useful data on not only financial disclosure, but increasingly more uniformed and wide spread standard for sustainability disclosure, which will be vital to financial analysis and investment decision making going forward. As sustainability becomes increasingly material to investment outcomes, BlackRock is putting ESG data and analytics at the heart of Aladdin and our risk and quantitative analysis team. We are increasingly evaluating ESG risks with the same rigor as traditional measures such as credit or liquidity risk. Client demand for sustainable products and solutions continued to accelerate. As a global leader investment management our goal is to also be the global leader in sustainable investing by incorporating sustainability at the core and how we manage risks, how we construct portfolios, how we design products, and most importantly, how we engage with companies. As we wrote in a letter to clients yesterday, we will be making sustainability the standard for investing, including making sustainable investing more accessible to more of our investors. We intend to double our ESG offerings to 150 funds over the next two years, including sustainable versions of our flagship iShares product, so the clients have more choice for how they invest their money. Client demand is also increasing for outsource CIO solutions as many are being asked to do more with less. BlackRock generated $16 billion of OCIO net inflows in 2019 representing a 10% organic growth, including winning the largest OCIO mandate awarded in the U.K. in recent years. Outsourcing currently represents only $2 trillion of the $85 trillion of manage assets globally, and we believe the market will increase by 50% over the next five years. I've talked many times on these phone calls in the past about BlackRock being one of the largest long-term growth opportunities for BlackRock. In line with our commitment to invest in operate there, BlackRock entered into a memorandum of understanding last month to explore establishing an asset management joint venture in China, which will enable us to provide more people with access to BlackRock investment capabilities. As I said in the past purpose is using the long-term profitability. A company's prospect for growth is inextricably from how it manages sustainability and serves its full set of stakeholders and that is so true for BlackRock. One of our greatest opportunities is to fulfill our purpose lies in our responsibility as a largest manager retired assets in the world. We estimate the two-thirds of the assets we manage are related to people's retirement, including our $1 trillion defied contribution business. We are levering the full breadth of our capabilities and scale to benefit all our stakeholders, including clients, employees and stakeholders and shareholders. Everything we do is rooted in the culture of focusing on the long-term and we are aggressively embracing change and investing to stay in front of the industry changes, but most importantly, we're investing the stay in front of our client's needs, so we could have them better prepared for their future. The benefits of BlackRock's investments are evident in our consistent growth. Over the last three years, we've generated nearly $1 trillion of net organic inflows, 30% of revenue growth, 19% operating income growth, and a 43% total return for our shareholders. We entered 2020 better positioned than ever to serve our clients, to deliver growth for our shareholders in the years to come. I want to thank BlackRock's employees for their commitment to upholding our culture and living our purpose, which was critical to our success in 2019. We remained focused in making sure that all our people stay true to our culture and our purpose and that is what differentiates BlackRock in the asset management industry. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thank you. Good morning.
Larry Fink: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Fannon: As you think about 2020, can you talk about the outlook for fixed income? In 2019, I think at the start of the year, you talked about rerisking within your client base, you saw big inflows, and now on the active side in the second half of the year, we've seen modest outflows. Can you just kind of level set kind of what clients are doing, your outlook for growth, and how you're positioned?
Larry Fink: Well, I think probably the biggest macro change for fixed income, beyond if interest rates go up or down is going to be the utilization of fixed and ETFs for active strategies. As I said in my prepared remarks and Gary mentioned and I'll let Rob talk about it a little more, we believe this is going to be a fundamental shift in how people use fixed income as an exposure, and they're going to be using ETFs as that vehicle for active returns. I believe this is going to be an overwhelming trend in the fixed income landscape as it's easier to navigate; it's cheaper to navigate; and importantly you provide much greater flexibility with substantially less operational risk when you use ETFs versus the myriad of thousands of bonds. The specifics of the outflows in fixed income were very – idiosyncratic with one or two clients. We are seeing some clients, as I said, replace the what we define as an active strategy into more ETF strategies, and so it's hard to differentiate those two things as we build deeper, broader, dialogues about how to use ETFs in a portfolio setting. Rob, do you want to add more to that?
Rob Kapito: No. I would just add, in general, I think there is a common belief now that rates are going to be lower for longer, and with the amount of money that has been sitting on the sideline in cash, clients cannot afford that anymore at getting less than 1% returns, so they are more than willing now to extend out of cash into fixed income, and those are the flows that we are seeing and rather than come into individual bonds, the trend has been to use a more diversified portfolio that they can go into, and ETFs have been the beneficiary and because of BlackRock's position in fixed income, we have been the beneficiary of those particular flows, which we expect will continue into 2020.
Larry Fink: Let me just add, putting a whole year perspective because I can't respond to one quarter versus another. For the full year, we had $75 billion of active inflows in fixed income. For the full year, we had $112 billion in ETFs, and so when you put it all in perspective and then we had obviously even more in index and other types of LDI and other types of strategies. So we had a very strong year in fixed income, and one of the business propositions we provide to our clients is having a holistic conversation about how one can use ETFs in their fixed income strategy. And so, the active ETF mix is kind of harder for you to decipher, but we are having broader, deeper relationships with more clients in fixed income than ever before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee: Great. Good morning. Happy New Year, everyone. I just want to -- maybe going back to eFront, I know it's only been like seven months or eight months, but can you maybe just kind of give us a sense of how you've incorporated, may be start to monetize that, and And then maybe more broadly within Aladdin, I mean to the extent you want it to be kind of the language of portfolios, do you think you now have kind of the full set of capabilities that you need, and it's really just kind of execution or are there other aspects to the platform that you feel like you need to build out and add on to?
Gary Shedlin: So, Rob, I think that early stages are suggesting that everything we anticipated about the eFront strategic fit with Aladdin was well thought through and ultimately is going to come true. Again remember, Aladdin effectively began as more of the premier Risk Analytics and Portfolio Analytics system designed primarily to liquid. As you know, we spent a bunch of time thinking about attempting to build what we've done on the liquid side for illiquid as we thought about doing eFront. And the reality is doing eFront will accelerate that by a number of years for us. I think clients have been very engaged with us in terms of thinking about getting and bringing their entire portfolio together on a single technology platform that allows them to basically bring the same expertise we've been doing for them for years on the liquid side. So, their illiquid to get a complete view of the entire whole portfolio that they have from a risk and analytics perspective. We've had a strong and growing pipeline with a number of live opportunities globally. We actually won our first joint client, which we announced earlier in the year, and our expectation is that this will, that as we bring this together over the next six months to 12 months, it will continue to basically reinforce our long-term growth of low to mid-teens for the combined technology business.
Larry Fink: I would just add, the language of portfolios is becoming more and more real and we're committed to that. This is why we believe we have to add sustainability sleeves to Aladdin to making sure that our clients and our investors at BlackRock can look at the sustainability as one of the key investment risk going forward. What we did in factors and adding factor sleeves onto our Aladdin system. I think the key that we've been doing is we are providing more content for the same value proposition, and so while we continue to drive elevated content with the same fee structure. And as what then happens is as the clients grow, we grow with them. And that has been one of the key characteristics of how we've designed Aladdin growing with our clients' needs. But as the clients now believe in more of the components of Aladdin they're putting on more of their assets onto Aladdin and so then we grow with Aladdin. And so the key characteristic is for us to continue to innovate to stay in front to be more additive. And I'm looking back now with our eFront acquisition. I don't even know how we were able to operate without having those sleeves now and making -- we've been spending years talking about the need with our investors to have more illiquids and now we have the technology to be helping them to. And this is why we believe it's additive, not only for the Aladdin business, it is very additive for our all -- for our entire Al's business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Larry Fink: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. To follow up on that. So your annual letter, the focus on climate change. So as you did with Aladdin in risk management, are you planning or are there opportunities to leverage the expertise you're developing in sustainability to profit either by selling sustainable technology or ESG strategy solutions. In other words, can sustainability be a new Aladdin for BlackRock rather than just another element of Aladdin?
Rob Kapito: So following up on Larry's last answer, we certainly see huge opportunities in using the sustainability platform that we have for other profit centers for BlackRock and to add into our Aladdin value proposition. So what I could see coming forward would be creating new screens that others would be interested in to screen for ESG, creating specific model portfolios and models that many of our distribution networks would want to use. Potentially creating new indices in the market as people are looking for someone to take the lead and creating an appropriate indices to pinpoint specific areas of sustainability in the future and offer new products like specific ESG, ETFs and it's already working in that sustainable ETFs for iShares were the fastest growing category in 2019 and it generated $4 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter or total of $12 billion for the year. So I can see also adding on new products, which many of our clients would look for. So, as Larry mentioned, the value proposition of Aladdin would grow as we incorporate our platform into the Aladdin platform for other clients of Aladdin to be able to use. That's just the beginning of some of the ideas we've come up with that that we can put forward in 2020.
Larry Fink: Let me just add to that. As I said yesterday in my CEO letter and the firm's client letters, we believe sustainability and the issue is going to have a very large investment impact. For those investors investing in a long illiquid product they have to seek now in 10 years if there is evidence of climate change, how that will be impacting that investment that has a 10-year horizon. So more than ever before we have to drive analytics to help more and more clients, more and more investors understand the interconnectiveness of how climate change, the potential impact of climate change, how does that impact every single investment we have. And because of the resources of BlackRock, the scale of BlackRock I believe more than ever before if we execute on what we intend to do and we could, that's our intention. If we execute, we have probably one of the broadest opportunities that we've ever had. I believe we will be able to differentiate ourselves more than any other firm by providing these analytics by using them on Aladdin as using them as an investment tool this can differentiate us more than any other organization. And this is a call to arms at BlackRock. This is probably the biggest project that we've worked on in years that we have embraced the entire organization and I want to underline the entire organization to be more prepared to start focusing on the analytics. So we have better understanding, overlaying let's say imaging technology on the physical impact on the world and different elements of rising temperatures or rising water levels. By having a better understanding how insurance companies are focusing on their insurance risk and looking at areas that have potential climate risk implications whether that is from fire, flooding or other actions. I do believe as I said in my letter, the possible changes from climate risk have serious implications in other countries that have heat issues and beyond any flooding issue, it could just be heat that's changing the output of their crops. What does that mean for that country's GDP? Should we honor that country's debt? These are all really important things and that I don't believe the investor universe is prepared and it's the management's expectations at BlackRock that we become the leader in designing better tools and helping people navigate this uncertain sustainability future. We are really passionate about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research.
Larry Fink: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning, guys. On the 5% G&A growth guide, it sounds like there's kind of a lot of adjustments we should be making to 2019 to get to the base for that 5% growth, could you kind of walk through everything we should be backing out specifically?
Gary Shedlin: Sure, Patrick. I mean, I think we've been, we've tried to be pretty transparent on our definition of non-core. So just for a little perspective, I mean if you look at the fourth quarter; the fourth quarter was up about $130 million. We talked about some of the seasonality in there, but there was about $50 million of, again, what I would call non-core, in that case, it was contingent purchase price value adjustments as well as foreign exchange remeasurement. That $50 million is probably about 150 basis points of margin in the fourth quarter alone. If you look at the full year, we had about $164 million of what I would call non-core that included $60 million plus for fund launch cost, that's already adjusted out of margin, but it also included a little over $50 million of these purchase price fair value adjustments, which is actually as those go up, it means that the businesses that we've acquired where we have contingent payments are doing better. So that's a good thing. We had about $31 million of FX remeasurement, and there's probably of $15 million to $20 million knock in there for just deal fees related to things that we were doing during the year. So that's kind of the numbers that we would basically think is kind of a non-core. And so while we think about that 5%, we're trying to look at apples-to-apples. And remember, we also have a little bit of lift up from the year just general because we have 12 months of eFront relative to the eight months that we had in 2019.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Larry Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning everybody. So I wanted to turn discussion a little bit to pricing to Gary, I think at the end of last year we talked a little bit about potential kind of strategic reinvestments in some of the ETF as you've done in the past. Could you expand on that a little bit I guess which product categories do you guys think you could target here and how is your kind of tech enabled distribution could help block or capture AUM in product categories that I guess more sensitive to price moves?
Gary Shedlin: So Alex, it's really no different than the messaging we offered at your excellent conference at the end of the year. I think that, frankly, obviously, we'll react to pricing in various segments of our business. But the reality is, most of our strategic pricing investments are really driven towards our iShares business. And I think as we said for the most part, we have a number of criteria we need to meet in terms of when we will make those decisions. We need to see high future growth, but we need to basically see growth in particular where clients are price sensitive and if we see basically the combination of those two things, we will consider basically making pricing investments. Since about 2016, we've invested approximately 1.5% to 2.5% of iShares revenue annually and over that period of time iShares revenue has grown very substantially roughly by 25%. And we think that in that respect as a look back that pricing investments have been good, not only for clients but honestly also for our shareholders by virtue of the positive NPV that we've delivered. In 2019 our pricing investments were at the lower end of that range, but I would expect that we would move to a more normalized level of pricing investments during 2020 and obviously that's an important element of maintaining leadership within our iShares franchise. We know that those tend to be long-term sticky assets and revenue streams. And we think about pricing investments no different than any other strategic investment in our company and we tend to budget them and take them into consideration as we think about making sure that we are growing or optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. There is no question that we think at the moment, most of the pricing will be focused on the core and likely in certain elements of more of the core related fixed income categories, but importantly I think most of the growth that we are seeing in the strategic segments that Rob mentioned earlier as well as where the client simply don't focus on price as a key decision of their buying decision in the precision instruments and importantly in the liquidity areas, those are higher fee today and those will not be a target of any of our pricing investments going forward.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much. Hey, good morning. Thanks very much. Maybe just to hone in more time on the fixed income iShares. So far we're seeing quarter-to-date or January-to-date about $7 billion of fixed income iShares flows about -- little about $2 billion in core and about $5 billion institutional. So just talk about that institutional trend, which seems to be continuing, is it more, are you seeing it more from targeting specific allocations or our institutional managers substituting the ETFs for bonds because of the tighter bid-ask spreads that you're seeing in the ETF and do you see that latter element being a more powerful growth driver going forward.
RobKapito: Yes. So, it's both. So I think there is a lot of reallocation done and our forte because of our scale and size is to capture those institutional flows into our fixed income iShares. So one is its allocations that are being done as people have their view to the value of equity is in the value of bonds in their portfolio. And then as you know the supply and the time it takes to find fixed income and build a diversified fixed income portfolio is quite difficult and can be quite expensive. This is a very quick, convenient, less friction way, more liquid diversified way to get in. So people have now substituted building those portfolios by simply going out and getting that portfolio on the Exchange and it is, winds up being cheaper and more effective. They are also using, we're seeing a lot of model changes and in the models that we have seen that are being used by institutions they are also targeting ETFs. And then, if they want to have any sort of precision, any sort of view on factors or any sort of view on particular areas of the market, they are able to achieve it much quicker and faster in fixed income. So we saw that at the end of the year as the market went down and now this is the time when most institutions sit down and talk about their strategy. We've seen that continue those flows into the beginning of the year. So I think we're very positioned well to attract these institutional large flows.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Larry Fink: Yes. Thank you, Operator. Thank you everyone for joining our morning, and your continued interest at BlackRock. I am proud of the progress we have made to lead the industry throughout 2019. And I can promise we will continue to invest. We will continue to innovate in the years to come. So we could be better in what we do and better to meet our clients' needs. And through that we will generate more growth. And if we continue to fulfill our purpose of helping more and more people experience financial well-being, we will be better positioned as an organization and to you, our shareholders. Have a great start of the New Year and enjoy the next decade. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jerome, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. And good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2019. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. The third quarter was once again marked by significant market volatility associated with ongoing global trade tensions and geopolitical uncertainty around the world. While US equities finished the quarter up 1%, emerging market equities ended the quarter down 5% and the US dollar continued to appreciate against the euro and pound. As we have seen in previous periods of market volatility, industry flows slowed in the quarter and clients continued to rebalance and derisk favoring fixed income and cash over equities.  Even within equities, investors demonstrated caution, shifting from momentum to value and favoring high dividend and low volatility funds. BlackRock's business model, however, continues to work as well as it ever has. Over the last 12 months, we have generated approximately $350 billion or 5% total organic growth.  Our fully integrated One BlackRock business model was purposely built to bring together the entire firm to meet client needs in today's evolving ecosystem. Our globally diverse investment and technology platform, including our risk management and portfolio construction tools, is positioned to deliver not simply products, but comprehensive solutions to clients no matter the market environment. We remain focused on thoughtfully investing in our business for the long-term and capturing growth in areas of highest client demand. These include iShares, especially higher growth and higher fee segments like factors, fixed income, sustainable, and megatrend ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology where we continue to evolve Aladdin's multi-asset analytics and portfolio construction capabilities. These investments will position BlackRock to continue delivering higher and more consistent organic revenue growth across market cycles. BlackRock generated $84 billion in total net inflows in the third quarter or 5% annualized organic asset growth, driven by continued momentum from our industry-leading fixed income and cash businesses. Total annualized organic base fee growth of 3% reflected this mix shift toward lower fee products, but was also impacted by volatility driven outflows from higher fee market-driven iShares ETFs in August. In particular, EEM, our flagship emerging markets ETF, saw $6 billion of outflows during the quarter. Third quarter revenue of $3.7 billion increased 3% year-over-year and operating income of $1.5 billion rose by 7%. Earnings per share of $7.15 were down 5% compared to a year ago, however , as higher operating income and a lower diluted share count were offset by lower non-operating results and a higher effective tax rate in the current quarter. Non-operating results reflected $7 million of net investment loss, primarily driven by the mark-to-market valuation of our minority stake in Envestnet. Recall that non-operating results in the year ago reflected a $40 million gain attributable to the disposition of our equity interest in DSP. Non-operating results versus a year ago also reflected additional interest expense associated with BlackRock's mid-April debt issuance to partially finance the eFront acquisition. Our as adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 23% compared to 16% a year ago, which reflected $90 million of discrete benefits. We estimate 23% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the fourth quarter of 2019, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on tax legislation. Third quarter base fees of $3 billion were up 3% year-over-year, primarily driven by organic growth, the positive impact of market beta and acquisitions, partially offset by the negative impacts of foreign exchange and strategic pricing investments and lower securities lending revenue. Dollar appreciation over the last year had a negative 1% impact on our year-over-year base fee growth, while lower cash spreads led to a 6% year-over-year decline in securities lending revenue. As previously mentioned, BlackRock's differentiated platform has generated total organic asset growth of almost $350 billion over the last 12 months. But divergent beta and mix change, items that we can't control, continue to impact our absolute level of base fee growth as compared to growth in average AUM. While the S&P 500 was up 4% on average year-over-year, the BlackRock revenue weighted equity index was actually down 1% as markets linked to our higher fee equity products in Europe, Asia-Pacific, the emerging markets, and natural resources were flat to down 8%.  In addition, in the recent market environment, clients' preferences has favored lower risk assets and approximately 85% to our organic growth over the last year has been in fixed income and cash, which have relatively lower fees compared to other asset classes. While base fees were up 3% sequentially, as a result of higher average AUM and the effect of one additional day in the quarter, on an equivalent day count basis, our overall fee rate declined 0.4 basis points versus the second quarter, reflecting this ongoing impact of mix shift and divergent beta. Performance fees of $121 million decreased $30 million year-over-year, reflecting lower fees from alternative and long-only equity products. Sequentially, performance fees increase as a result of a single European hedge fund that locks annually in the third quarter and once again delivered strong performance over the last 12 months. Quarterly, technology services revenue increased 30% year-over-year, reflecting the impact of the eFront acquisition and continued growth in Aladdin.  Demand remains strong for our full range of technology solutions and digital distribution tools. Total expense was up 1% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher compensation expense and expense linked to the eFront acquisition, offset by lower G&A and direct fund expense.  G&A expense was down $29 million from a year ago, primarily due to lower transaction related and foreign-exchange remeasurement expense, partially offset by higher technology expense in the current quarter. Sequentially, G&A expense was down $86 million, primarily due to $59 million of product launch costs incurred in the second quarter and lower contingent consideration fair value adjustments and foreign-exchange remeasurement expense in the current quarter. Consistent with prior years, our fourth-quarter G&A spend will be seasonally higher than the first three quarters of the year. At present, after adjusting for the acquisition of eFront, we anticipate that our full-year core G&A spend will be generally in line with the full-year guidance we provided in January. As a reminder, core G&A expense excludes the impact of product launch costs, contingent consideration fair value adjustments, foreign-exchange remeasurement expense and transaction-related fees. Direct fund expense was down 4% year-over-year and 5% sequentially, despite higher average AUM due to a benefit recognized in the current quarter. We would expect direct fund expense to return to a more normalized level in the fourth quarter. Intangible amortization expense was up $15 million year-over-year, reflecting a full quarter of intangible asset amortization related to the eFront acquisition. Our third quarter as adjusted operating margin of 46% was up 180 basis points from a year ago, reflecting significantly lower levels of non-core G&A expense in the current quarter. Ongoing market volatility is contributing to increased beta divergence and client preference for fixed income and cash, leading to a more challenging industrywide revenue capture environment. However, BlackRock's differentiated business model, financial position, and strategic alignment with high growth opportunities allows us to continue investing responsibly for the long-term. Our capital management strategy is specifically designed to support this Invest First ideology and then return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter, we completed our targeted level of share repurchases for 2019, repurchasing $1.6 billion worth of common shares and stated that we would be opportunistic with respect to repurchasing additional shares during the remainder of the year. In line with that commitment, we repurchased an additional $100 million worth of common shares during the third quarter, taking advantage of attractive relative valuation opportunities that arose during August's market volatility.Quarterly net inflows of $84 billion benefitted from continued strong demand for iShares, alternatives, fixed income and cash, reflecting BlackRock's unique ability to meet client needs in a variety of market environments. iShares ETFs are unique in having a broadly diversified set of products that serve both long-term buy-and-hold wealth investors and institutional asset owners, as well as tactically-oriented institutional investors who value secondary market liquidity and the vibrant options ecosystem. iShares net inflows of $42 billion, representing 8% annualized organic asset growth, reflected continued momentum in fixed income, factor and sustainable ETFs, each a market segment that has strong long-term growth potential and a higher fee relative to BlackRock's total fee rate. Quarterly fixed income ETF flows of $24 billion was driven by clients' ongoing adoption of these products as a critical component of their portfolios. Factor and sustainable ETFs generated $13 billion of quarterly flows as investor demand for these exposures, especially in the US and Europe, increased in the current environment. BlackRock is the industry leader in all three of these fast-growing categories. Retail net inflows of $7 billion reflected broad-based strength in active fixed income, partially offset by outflows from multi-asset world allocation products. BlackRock's US wealth advisory franchise continues to gain share and has seen year-to-date organic growth of 8% in alpha funds and SMAs, while the industry as a whole remains flat. Institutional and retail demand for alternatives continued, with $3.5 billion of net inflows into illiquid and liquid alternative strategies in the third quarter, driven by real estate, private credit, infrastructure and event-driven hedge funds. In addition, we have approximately $22 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. BlackRock's institutional franchise generated approximately $4 billion of net inflows in the quarter. Positive institutional index flows, driven by continued strength in LDI, more than offset approximately $4 billion of institutional active outflows in the quarter which were primarily due to several client-specific active fixed-income redemptions. Net inflows into higher fee quantitative active equities and alternative strategies resulted in overall positive institutional organic base fee growth for the quarter. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platform saw $32 billion of net inflows, a post-financial crisis record and crossed the $500 billion AUM threshold as we continue to leverage scale for clients and deliver innovative digital distribution and risk management solutions through cash matrix and Aladdin. Cash is a strategic asset class and BlackRock's diverse cash management offering, including prime, ESG, government and munis, position us well to serve our clients' cash needs and continue to grow our market share. In summary, our third quarter results once again demonstrate the resilience of our globally diversified investment and technology platform to drive consistent and differentiated organic growth in a variety of market environments. Our focus remains on delivering the solutions our clients need to achieve their long-term investment objectives. We can't control market volatility or the impact it may have on our revenue capture quarter to quarter, but we can ensure that we meet the needs of our clients by generating exceptional risk-adjusted performance across all of our investment products. We continue to leverage our competitive positioning and the stability of our financial model to invest responsibly in high-growth areas such as ETFs, alternatives and technology that are critically important to clients and shareholders alike. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink : Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. More than ever before, clients are looking for asset manager partners who understand their whole portfolio and investment goals. They want partners who can provide insight in the context of a complex and changing investment landscape. And rather than just sell products, they're looking for asset managers who can deliver solutions that meet their financial objectives. In the third quarter, a number of macroeconomic and geopolitical events drove global market volatility and heightened investor uncertainty. BlackRock's differentiated model continues to generate strong results.  By always looking ahead to recognizing unmet client needs, we have positioned BlackRock with the diversity, scale and global full portfolio perspective to help our clients navigate their investments in all market environments. As Gary mentioned, we generated $84 billion of total net inflows, showing strength in many areas across the combined active and indexed platforms. We increased revenues by 3% and operating income by 7% year-over-year. During the third quarter, geopolitics were once again a primary driver of markets, impacting investor sentiment. Global market index sold off, had a tumultuous August as the US treasury yield curve inverted and trade tensions escalated. However, markets reversed course in September. And following a significant rotation out of momentum stocks and into value that had been building over the last year, US markets achieved their greatest year-to-date gains in more than two decades and averaged 3% higher sequentially in the third quarter. Meanwhile, even with a partial recovery in September, emerging market indexes averaged 3% lower for the quarter, a 6% divergence in these markets. Fixed income, the low and negative interest rate environment persists. In an effort to extend the economic expansion, we're seeing unprecedented synchronized signs of intervention by central banks globally. For the first time since the financial market, the Fed announced that they would add liquidity into the system after a brief spike in short-term repo rates signaled liquidity constraints, or maybe supply issues. Meanwhile, in Europe, the ECB announced they would restart their asset purchase program to support their inflation targets. The simultaneous rise in historical safe assets alongside riskier equities in the third quarter highlights investors' uncertainty about the global economy, the state of trade negotiations and the Federal Reserve's path of monitoring easing. In this unprecedented environment and faster than any time since the financial crisis, clients are transforming what they demand from asset managers. They demand transparency, value, convenience, higher returns and better outcomes. They want a global perspective, an insight, from partners they trust. BlackRock is uniquely positioned to meet those client needs. Our combination of active, index, factors, cash and alternatives, powered by our industry-leading portfolio construction and risk management technology, enables us to take a whole portfolio approach and is resonating with clients more than ever before. The value of our differentiating model we have built is increasing as we make the most of BlackRock's capabilities, from the asset management to risk analytics to ESG solutions through partnerships and strategic advice. One recent example of how we bring the best of BlackRock together for clients is our strategic partnership with Rabobank in the Netherlands. We are providing an innovative solution consisting of a custom set of funds that combine technology, data and investment and risk management tools through Aladdin that benefits the needs of Rabobank's clients for transparency and value. We also recently published our eighth global insurance report which includes BlackRock's analysis of key findings from our survey of 360 insurance companies in 25 countries, representing more than $16 trillion in assets.  Insurers are increasingly focused on building portfolio resilience through diversification and better portfolio construction. They want to optimize fixed income, integrate private markets and increase sustainable investing, themes which we see more broadly across our client base. BlackRock has the insights, the technology, the whole portfolio context to help our insurance clients understand practical actions that they could take to address their needs, and we have the breadth in solutions that they are seeking. Our ability to be a valued partner is the direct result of the investments we have made to stay ahead of our clients' needs and innovative across our platform. Our innovations across illiquid alternatives, fixed income ETFs, factors. sustainable investments, cash and much more are driving our inflows.  Clients have entrusted us to manage $350 billion of new assets over the last 12 months alone, representing 5% organic growth rates. And as clients re-risk out of cash into fixed income, BlackRock will participate and benefit by virtue of our solution-based approach. We have even more opportunity for BlackRock going forward and continue to invest in the highest growth areas for the future – iShares, illiquid alternatives and technology.  In iShares, we've doubled our asses from $1 trillion five years ago to more than $2 trillion today. We believe the ETF industry itself can double over the next five years and we're investing to support the growth of the industry and maintain BlackRock's leadership. The movement by independent financial advisors and direct platforms in the US to eliminate transaction costs is increasing accessibility to investing for more and more people and we believe will accelerate ETF adoption. The elimination of barriers to investing is a good thing. It democratizes access and enables more people to save, invest and reach their long-term financial objectives. With the commission free moves, we now have access to more clients than ever before and we remain confident that iShare value proposition will continue to drive growth and BlackRock iShares market leadership. iShares generated $42 billion of net inflows in the quarter, led by strong growth in fixed income, factors, core and European ETFs. We once again captured the number one market share in ETF flows globally, in Europe in the high-growth categories including fixed income, factors, sustainable ETFs. iShares is not just one, but rather several product segments – core, fixed income, factors, sustainable, megatrends and precision ETFs, each with a range of different ways that different clients are using them. For these segments, fixed income, factors, sustainable and megatrends, represent more than $600 billion of AUM today and have generated more than 20% annual organic asset growth on average over the last five years and have a higher average fee rate than BlackRock's overall business. Demand remains exceptionally strong for fixed-income ETFs where iShares is the market leader. We captured $24 billion of net inflows in the quarter and a record $87 billion already year-to-date as client demand for fixed-income exposures accelerated, including from other asset managers. Growth is coming from the adoption of ETFs as replacement for individual bonds and individual sources of liquidity and transparency during times of market stress. Fixed-income ETFs have also been utilized by more and more fixed income investors for active purposes, using ETFs as a mechanism to get active returns. We are also increasingly seeing clients adapt shorter duration fixed-income ETFs as a substitute for cash in their portfolios. And now with commission free, this proposition is even stronger for cash substitutes. Fixed income ETFs are a technology that is accelerating and will definitely modernize the global bond market. We are the industry leader in factors and our factor iShares have more than tripled in assets over the last five years from $44 billion to $161 billion in AUM today, including over a 25% annual organic growth rate on average. Year-to-date, we captured the number one share of factor flows, surpassing nine ETF factor players as well. We see increased adoption in model portfolios and from RIAs as wealth clients look for a high-value factor exposure that support resilience and defensive positioning in their portfolios. Demand is also coming from European clients looking for greater value than traditional active and better returns than traditional indexes. Sustainable ETFs are a strategic segment that while relatively small today at $40 billion in industry AUM we believe can grow to $400 billion over the next decade as more clients look for strategies that target a measurable ESG impact in financial returns. iShares sustainable ETFs represent $16 billion in assets, up from $1 billion five years ago. We have generated more inflows in sustainable ETFs than any other manager this year and have four out of the industry's five largest sustainable ETFs. Client demand for sustainable investment solutions extends way beyond our iShares business.  Shifts in demographic and investment conviction are driving increased interest in sustainable investing globally and these forces are likely to accelerate. BlackRock is committed to providing clients with choice across the investment spectrum that aligns with their investment goals. We currently manage over $65 billion in dedicated sustainable investment funds, an additional $500 billion of accounts that apply exclusionary screens. We are integrating ESG data, ESG tools, ESG research insights to support our investment teams in every asset class, so all teams, active and passive, can incorporate material ESG data into their process with the idea of enhancing risk-adjusted returns. I've spoken in the past about using technology to drive more BlackRock's revenues. Technology is a priority and a strategic differentiator for BlackRock. In addition to generating direct technology revenues, we're increasingly using technology to enhance our results in our asset management business. For example, we're transforming our cash management business by integrating technology into our business model. We are delivering cash matrix technology to help clients streamline their operations and quickly and efficiently make more informed decisions. Five years ago, cash management was $281 billion business. Through technology, organic growth and acquisition, we crossed $500 billion in AUM July. This represents over a 200 basis point global market share increase from five years ago and is an important milestone as scale is a key value proposition for clients in the asset class. Increasingly more and more BlackRock holistic client relations are starting through a cash management assignment. Illiquid alternatives is another area where we're innovating to scale our business, expand our platform and integrate technology into a business model and momentum is increasing.  Including net inflows and commitments, we raised over $5 billion in illiquid alternatives in the third quarter, led by real assets in private credit.  We have raised a total of $46 billion in the last three years and nearly doubled our illiquid alternative platform to $92 billion in AUM and dry powder today. Demand for private markets remain strong as clients seek longer duration, higher returns and eFront further strengthens our illiquid alternatives and will support growth over time. Our direct technology service revenues grew 30% year-over-year as more clients are looking for holistic and flexible technology solutions to operate their businesses more effectively and more efficiently. For institutions, Aladdin is an enterprise investment and risk management systems that power the entire investment process on one single platform. What truly differentiates BlackRock is its user/provider business model, its ability to provide integrated, multi-asset capabilities throughout the entire investment process, from sophisticated portfolio analytics and construction to trade execution to compliance and to investment operations.  The combination of eFront with Aladdin further reinforces Aladdin's value proposition as the most comprehensive investment operating system in the world.  Aladdin is also a powerful solution for customers and custodians who service their assets through Aladdin providers, as well for wealth managers who need to offer transparency and convenience to their own clients through Aladdin Wealth. We now have 13 clients using Aladdin Wealth and expect to further growth to come from our expansion into different wealth segments and markets around the world. Aladdin is increasingly the language of portfolio construction for wealth managers.  Understanding and managing risk is critical to helping clients achieve the financial outcomes consistent with the intended objectives and risk preferences. We're also seeing more and more clients use Aladdin Wealth as a business enabler, to grow their business in a differentiated way in the markets, using it to have client-centric, portfolio-based conversations that enhance their dialogue with their clients. We're strong momentum going forward as industry consolidation, shifting product usage and regulations are increasing the need for a more holistic and flexible, technology-driven solution at both institutions and wealth managers. BlackRock is well positioned to capitalize on these trends and is committed to enhancing our technology capabilities to continue to meet our clients' needs and their future needs. In a world where the merits of globalization are being challenged by so many, BlackRock has and will continue to be a global company. We have a global footprint with employees in over 30 countries, with clients in more than 100 countries. And we are making a global impact, working to improve issues such as retirement in every country where we operate.  This focus on using our expertise in high-growth regions around the world positions BlackRock to both drive increased flows and fulfill BlackRock's purpose of helping more and more people experience financial well-being. We recently crossed the 20th anniversary of BlackRock's IPO. On October 1, 1999, BlackRock listed on the New York Stock Exchange for $14 a share. Today, we're trading around $434 per share, representing a 19% compounded annual growth rate for our shareholders. As market changes and as our clients expect more from us, we stay true to the innovative instincts that has defined BlackRock and enabled the strong results we are seeing today.  We at BlackRock will continue to evolve, we will continue to innovate, we will continue to stay in front of our clients to meet our clients' needs, while reinforcing our key strategic differentiators. Our global scale and reach, a culture centered on client needs, a global voice heard around the world and a One BlackRock approach to delivering for clients. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey. Good morning, Larry. I wanted to get your perspective on how the commission cuts over the last two weeks at the e-brokers will impact both distribution and also the overall competitive dynamics on these US e-broker platforms. And also, any impact as we think about either flows or the underlying economics still?
Laurence Fink: I'm going to let Rob Kapito answer that question, but if you could see my face, I'm smiling at the opportunities.
Robert Kapito: So, Craig, the commission-free trends have been very positive for iShares. And as Larry mentioned in his opening remarks, the elimination of barriers to investing simply means that more and more investors are going to have the ability to use ETFs. And as the ETF market leader, this has got to be good for BlackRock. More clients than ever before have access to the value and quality of iShares funds to hopefully achieve their investment goals. So, commission-free trading is actually accelerating ETF flows in the two fastest growing US wealth channels. One is the US RIA and that represents a $5 trillion market that has grown at a 10% compound annual growth rate. The other area is the US direct investors, and they represent $7.5 trillion in market that has grown at a 10% compound annual growth rate. So, our share on the e-broker platform has expanded since the commission-free trends began, and these segments are becoming a larger growth engine for BlackRock overall.  So, we're confident this will increase the number of investors using iShares as an essential part of their portfolios, and with our focus on quality exposures at very good value, we think that we will continue to lead the industry. As you know, global iShares generated $42 billion of net inflows, representing 8% annualized organic asset growth, and these flows were driven by growth in fixed income, core, factor, and sustainable ETFs. So, just to reiterate, because this is important, fixed income ETFs are a technology, and they're accelerating the modernization of bond markets and had a very good quarter with $24 billion of net inflows led by treasuries, mortgage-backed and high-yield corporate bond funds. We are also seeing clients increasingly adapting shorter duration fixed income ETFs as a substitute for cash in their portfolios. On the factor ETFs, we saw $9 billion of net inflows as investors sought resilience in their portfolios and defensive positioning; for example, in our min vol factor ETF.  The sustainable ETFs saw $4 billion of net inflows as we see increasing client demand for achieving sustainable outcomes alongside financial returns. And as Larry mentioned, iShares captured the number one market share of global, European, core, fixed income, factor, and sustainable ETF flows in the third quarter. So, this is just another way that we think is going to increase interest and demand for ETFs for our investors.
Laurence Fink: I'd just add one more thing. Rob said it and I said I think in my prepared talk. Having commission free for low duration makes ETFs a great alternative to bank deposits, a really good solution towards money market funds. And so, a commission free in the fixed-income realm – cash and fixed income is a real opener for so many more participants.
Operator: Your question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Alex.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, Larry. Good morning, everyone. Just building on the last question, so commission-free ETF trading accelerating growth into ETFs makes total sense. I was hoping that you guys could comment on some of the economics that could come out of this. In particular, I was curious how the payment and potential savings really from reinvestments maybe of some of the payments that you guys are currently making to some of the platforms could come through, whether or not that's a margin improvement dynamic for BlackRock or is that an area of additional spending for other platforms or lower management fees on some of the ETFs? So, maybe you could help us kind of flesh out the economics a little bit better. Thanks.
Laurence Fink: So, let me just say one thing. Our relationship with Fidelity, as I kind of alluded to it, is as strong as ever. Our relationship is way beyond ETFs. It's about education. It's about working with their platform. And so, our relationship with Fidelity is unchanged, if that's what you're trying to allude to, related to what we pay them and other things. We have a great relation with Fidelity. We have great opportunities looking forward with them too. And I'll let Rob – go ahead.
Robert Kapito: And we have other distribution agreements. They're not impacted by this. It really just simply gives us more access, and since we are already a very known commodity to these distribution groups, this really only enhances it, and it really is not impacting the fees that we are charging on our ETFs . This is a way for our clients to get in commission free to trade, which is very important as clients have moved more away from individual stock-picking to a portfolio construction and are using ETFs as a major tool in that portfolio construction. So, getting into it is where they're saving the money. It's not really impacting our fees. Maybe Gary wants to add to that.
Gary Shedlin: I think you guys both got it. I don't think there's any question this is a great outcome for well-branded, scaled ETF providers. And we're going to continue to prosecute our strategy as we ever have. But I don't see that there's any impact on our pricing structure as it relates to ETFs from this move.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. You may ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Good morning, Larry. Just given the strength in alternative flows this quarter, I wanted to get your view on the outlook and how you're positioned to grow, given rising allocations in the private markets. Maybe some of the near-term challenges we're seeing with private companies looking to go public.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think on one segment, private companies are having problems. And that's more growth-oriented, technology companies that are having problems going public. I don't see the overall market is in much trouble. But related to BlackRock and alternatives, as we said for a number of years now, alternatives is a strategic priority for BlackRock. We're now up to $126 billion in liquid and illiquid strategies. We manage now $71 billion of illiquid AUM across infrastructure, real estate, private credit and now LTPC. We raised $5 billion the last quarter between commitments and wins. And we raised over the last three years $46 billion, doubling our AUM in the category. I also believe, and this is one of the fundamental reasons why we think technology connects and helps us in flows, our acquisition in eFront, obviously, it's going to make the Aladdin system even more robust which I talked about, but eFront also gives us a greater ability to penetrate in terms of illiquid alternative sales. And so, we truly believe there is a deeper connection between what we're doing in technology and then the illiquid alternatives. And this is consistent with all our – with the entire BlackRock platform. We have consistently differentiated ourselves in the fixed-income universe for now 30-odd years by having risk technology. After the BGI transaction, we added all of the sleeves of technology for equities and that became a bigger component of what we're doing. And now, through the eFront acquisition. It really does help us having a unique perspective and a unique ability to integrate what we're trying to do in terms of illiquid alternatives. So, you're correct in saying, we're seeing more and more utilization of alternatives as an asset category. We know many clients are moving from 10% to 12%. Some clients are moving to 12% to 18% in terms of allocation. But there are also areas within the illiquid area that, in some markets, the valuations are fully priced too. And so, I don't think it's a perfect scenario. The area we believe and where we have a unique emphasis on – where I believe, over the next 5 to 10 years, we're going to see an expansion, that will be in the infrastructure side. We believe infrastructure is going to be a bigger and bigger component of both public and private, like we did in Abu Dhabi, but we see many, many opportunities like we did in Mexico a few years back. So, we believe that there's going to be – firstly, there's great client demand for the product and the key is finding the strong supply. And I do believe more and more entities, more and more players are looking to do this. I would also just say, we are one of the leaders in renewable energy. The cost now to put up solar fields, it produces electricity at or cheaper than natural gas. As a leader in renewable energy, this is going to be a major component of our future. Part of our flows was in a renewable energy fund. We just raised another big block. We're about to close the final raise of that fund. So, overall, it's a major component of how we're evolving our organization and we're very excited about the dialogues we're having with more clients.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi. You may ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Bill.
William Katz: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking the questions. So, maybe a two-part question if I could. I guess, the first part of it is, as you think about your spending outlook into the new year, you highlighted three different areas – alternatives, technology and passive – where are you in the respective growth cycles as you sort of think about year-on-year increase?  And then, secondly, Gary, you mentioned that you step into the stock in August when you thought about relative value. Can you sort of clarify, when you say relative value, how are you thinking about that, what would be the multiples to the group to the market? I'm sort of curious of your – at present to which you're seeing that opportunity.
Laurence Fink: Sure, Bill. So, in terms of your spending question, was it a question as we're thinking about the New Year, is that how you're thinking about it?
Christopher Meade: He can't answer that.
Gary Shedlin: Okay. Well, I'll just assume it's a question. So, yeah. I think – look, we're, obviously, very mindful that we're in a market environment that makes predicting beta or counting on beta in a lower return world, given where volatility is, getting where divergent beta is, where fixed income markets are more complicated. So, we are obviously more aware than ever that we need to basically continue to invest in our major engines of growth. We highlighted alternatives. We highlighted technology. We highlighted ETFs. There's obviously much more beyond that, but those are the three that are incredibly critical priorities for the year and we are going to seek to get as much investment dollars into those businesses as we can going forward, which means, given our commitment to continue to be margin aware that we're going to reallocate as aggressively as we can to make sure that we are being mindful of both margin and long-term value creation for our shareholders.  In terms of the second question, which was – what was the second part of the question? Oh, the capital return. Thank you. In terms of capital return, I think you mentioned a number of them. We look at value relative to our peers. We look at value relative to the market overall. We look at value relative to what we believe our growth prospects are and we're constantly trying to basically see where we think it makes sense just given some of the – the market goes down and sell asset manager mentality comes from, where were we think there's some of valuation opportunities that make sense for our shareholders going forward. So, we look at all three investments. Absolutely relative.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Mike.
Michael Cyprys: Hey. Good morning. Hey, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to dig in a little bit more on low and negative rates. With rates so low and going lower across the world and negative rates in some parts, I guess as we look out over the next couple of years, how do you see that impacting the asset management industry just in terms of how you're managing the business, how you structure portfolios, the impact this could have to fees and asset allocations as well.  And just maybe a second part related to the asset allocation, we've seen a lot of flows into fixed income, but with rates so low, at what point do you see an influx of flows into equities, just given return rates are so low? What's the catalyst for equity inflows?
Laurence Fink: Let me just start off. We built the model of BlackRock really to be able to work with our clients in risk-on, risk-off environments, low vol, high vol, and the key is working on their long-term solutions. And all the ins and outs of markets, let's be clear, it's on the margin for most investors. It's not big giant changes. They may reallocate 4%, 5%, 6% of their portfolio and navigate around that. At the same time, much of the flows, maybe they're outsourcing more and more of their portfolio. They may be looking for – they may be consolidating managers.  But I'd say the most important thing that – how we've designed the organization is to make sure that we have the diversity in the platform, so we could be the best we can as a solution provider to our clients. The other thing that we're try to drive is making sure that not one asset class drives our business.  And so, in answering your question about low or negative interest rates, it appears they're going to be with us longer than I think we all expected at the beginning of the year. And with that, I think client trends have been to move still to de-risking until they have some sign as to where they should navigate.  At the same time, clients on the margin are still as a de-risk in some categories. They're looking to put some of that money to work in higher risk or less liquid strategies like illiquid alternatives to try to get as much return as they possibly can. As I said in an earlier conversation that there are some areas that look rich to us already in the private area, but there are a lot of opportunities in other areas. I don't see persistence in low rates being a major cause for clients looking for lower fees. In fact, 2019, I would not qualify as a year of massive fee pressure. But when clients are looking to do big, giant restructurings or are looking to do major reallocation out of many managers into one manager, they're certainly looking for fee reductions if you're able to have a majority of those assets. So, you offer that type of scale and it doesn't really impact our margins as much.  But I don't know that it really matters for us where are clients going, when do they pivot back into equities. We're not seeing any indication at the moment that clients are asking more and more questions about when do they jump back in. As I said, I think we get – clients are heavily in equities now. What we see every quarter is marginal changes in their portfolio allocation. It's not dramatic changes.  Rob, did you want to add…?
Robert Kapito: Yeah, I was going to say, and dovetailing a report that you did, Michael, that we read that was very good, our survey shows something very similar that clients are not adding into their equity portfolios. They're using that portion to go into alternatives. And it's getting back to the original barbell trade where they're using short-term fixed income, so that they're keeping the risk the same and then allocating more to alternatives. Actually, I think this is a benefit for us for two reasons. One, in portfolio construction, they need to use the cheapest products and we are offering the passive and the ETFs which are growing in that way. Two, we are also offering the alternatives. But, three, more importantly, is sourcing assets. And it's become very difficult for clients to source assets by themselves and, therefore, they're putting out more money for people that can actually find these particular assets, which dovetails into what Larry is saying, into new asset classes being real assets like infrastructure and others which they would have a very difficult time sourcing themselves. So, it's actually fitting in to the strategy that we have, both having the passive and lower-priced product and now offering the higher-priced source assets, whether it be private credit which you saw grew dramatically last quarter here and the real asset and other alternatives which we agree with you are going to continue to grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. You may ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Davitt: Hey. Good morning, guys. Could you dig in a bit more on the client-specific institutional bond outflows against what still looks like pretty robust flows broadly? And through that lens, are you still seeing a big institutional mandate pipeline, I guess, outsourcing the bond management capability like we talked about last quarter?
Gary Shedlin: Sure, Patrick. It's Gary. So, again, if you think about some of the trends that we've had, we've talked about during the year, I think we've seen broad-based strong performance and flows in our active fixed income business. That's come from a combination of some of the market environment that we've talked about, but also really strong performance across the platform, candidly. If you recall last quarter, we called out a number of very significant large, strategic client wins and we actually had about $65 billion of positive flows in the second quarter. This quarter, we had a couple of clients that went the other way and we had, I think, in the average [ph] about $7 billion of outflows in the quarter. Again, I would call those more client-specific, lumpy redemptions. But it's hard to look at this in any three-month period of time. I think, more broadly, you need to look at the longer-term trend. And on a trailing 12-month basis, we're running right now at about $55 billion of active fixed income inflows, which is representative of about 7% organic asset growth rate. So, I think we will have timing issues, but the clear trend here is very positive in terms of the strategic positioning of this business.
Operator: Your final question comes from Kent Worthington with JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for squeezing me in. One follow-up on the earlier questions on e-brokerage. Do you think the move to zero commissions in e-brokerage might impact pricing in the wealth management industry more broadly, either in full service brokerage or advisory where pricing seems to have been pretty resilient thus far? And if so, are there opportunities for BlackRock to adjust its approach to distribution in the wealth management industry? You highlighted cash ETFs and e-brokerage, are there similar examples sort of for change in wealth management? Thank you.
Laurence Fink: There's no question, the resiliency of the overall fees for wealth management is pretty inelastic so far. We're starting to see some of the e-brokers charge much lower fees than the traditional wealth management platforms in terms of the overall advisory fee. But, unquestionably, when commissions are free, the investor is going to have to make a choice. Is the value proposition of having that advice worthwhile versus having a commission to your relationship? And every client is going to have to make that assertion.  But I do believe, just like we've seen in ETFs, we see now in e-brokerage, there is more and more fee pressure across different segments of financial services. Quite frankly, through technology, distribution is a better connection too. So, I believe where we are going to benefit, with the evolution of what's going on in wealth, though, is models and portfolio construction. And I do believe a portion of that is going to be factors and ESG. I think those will be the added products like we said how cash and short-term duration bonds will be lifted by that. But we also believe the utilization of models and portfolio constructions is going to be a major component of that value proposition for advice. And through that advice, we are absolutely confident that factors and ESG will play a larger role and it will accelerate adaption of those products.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I'd just like to thank all of you for joining this morning and for your great questions and your continued interest in BlackRock. Our third quarter results are directly linked to our deliberate investments we made over time, but, more importantly, our results speak loudly about the deep partnerships we're making globally with our clients. I said it time and time again, clients are looking for solutions. They're not looking for an asset manager who's talking about a product. Clients are looking for asset managers who are helping them with their purpose, not the asset manager's purpose. The client is looking for organizations that can help them in risk-off periods, in periods of risk-on. And I believe if you look at our $350 billion of flows over the last 12 months, our model is working. And we are continuing to be excited about the opportunities we have for BlackRock in the future. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Marcella and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. And good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the second quarter of 2019. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. Global trade tensions once again escalated in the second quarter and market volatility followed. US equities climbed to record highs, though domestic equity markets moved down 7% in May only to increase 7% in June, emerging markets remain challenged and the 10-year treasury bond traded below 2%. Clients accelerated rebalancing and derisking activity, shifting out of equities and into fixed income and cash. BlackRock's globally diverse investment platform, combined with industry-leading risk management and portfolio construction technology, was purposely designed to not only withstand today's market volatility, but thrive in it. Our strategic positioning fosters deeper partnerships with clients, enables us to meet their goals in a variety of market environments, and drives more consistent and differentiated organic growth. BlackRock generated a record $151 billion of total net inflows in the second quarter or 9% annualized organic asset growth as clients once again turned to BlackRock for solutions-oriented advice to meet their long-term investment needs. Lower total organic base fee growth of 3% reflected mix change favoring lower-fee fixed income and cash assets and the impact of volatility-driven outflows from higher-fee iShares financial instruments and precision exposures during the month of May. Second quarter revenue of $3.5 billion was 2% lower than a year ago, driven in part by lower securities lending revenue and lower performance fees in the current quarter.  Including $61 million of costs associated with the successful launch of a closed-end fund, operating income of $1.3 billion was down 11% compared to a year ago. Earnings per share of $6.41 was down 4% as lower operating income and higher effective tax rate were partially offset by higher non-operating income and a lower diluted share count in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $79 million of net investment income, primarily driven by the revaluation of certain strategic minority investments and higher marks on unhedged fixed income seed capital investments, but also reflected additional interest expense associated with the mid-April issuance of debt to partially finance the acquisition of eFront. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 24%. We continue to estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2019, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on tax legislation. Second quarter base fees of $2.9 billion were down 1% year-over-year despite the positive impacts of organic growth and acquisitions, primarily driven by lower securities lending revenue, the negative impact of diversion equity beta and foreign exchange movements on average AUM and strategic pricing investments. Quarterly securities lending revenue declined $33 million or 18% compared to record levels a year ago due to reduced gross exposures partially linked to hedge fund deleveraging in the second half of 2018, lower demand for hard-to-borrow US equities in the softer M&A environment, and lower spreads. In addition, the trend of reduced European seasonal demand continued from previous years. Diversion equity beta and FX continue to impact year-over-year base fee growth. While the S&P 500 was up 7% on average year-over-year, many markets linked to our higher-fee equity products, including Asia, emerging markets and global natural resources, were down 8% over the same time period, resulting in an overall decline of 2% on our revenue-weighted equity composite index. Dollar appreciation over the last year had a negative 1% impact on our year-over-year base fee growth. Sequentially, base fees were up 3% as a result of higher average AUM and the effect of one additional day in the quarter. On an equivalent day count basis, our overall fee rate declined 0.4 basis points in the second quarter, reflecting this diversion equity beta and the impact of mix shift towards lower-fee fixed income and cash assets. Performance fees of $64 million decreased 30% from a year ago, reflecting lower revenue from long-only equity products. However, we have seen improved performance in many of our single strategy hedge funds since year-end, better positioning us to generate performance fees in the second half of the year. Quarterly technology services revenue increased 20% year-over-year, reflecting continued momentum in institutional Aladdin and the impact of the eFront acquisition which closed in May. The combination of eFront with Aladdin sets a new standard in investment and risk management technology and reinforces Aladdin's value proposition as the most comprehensive investment operating system in the world. As Larry will discuss in more detail, overall demand remains strong for our full range of technology solutions and we're already seeing revenue synergies related to the combination of eFront and Aladdin. Advisory and other revenue at $53 million was down $25 million year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower fees from advisory and transition management assignments. Total expense was up 4% year-over-year, driven by higher G&A expense which reflected fund launch costs and acquisition-related expense in the current quarter. G&A expense was up $77 million year-over-year and $82 million sequentially, primarily due to $59 million of product launch costs associated with closed-end fund launches during the quarter. We exclude the impact of these product launch costs when reporting our as-adjusted operating margin. Quarterly G&A expense also included approximately $20 million in professional fees and contingent consideration fair value adjustments related to historical acquisition activities.  Intangible amortization expense was up $10 million sequentially, reflecting amortization of intangible assets acquired in the eFront acquisition. Our second quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 43.1% was down 210 basis points from a year ago, but up 120 basis points sequentially as US equity markets return to historic highs from a year ago. Despite a more challenging overall revenue capture environment driven by current market volatility, we continue to see strong performance in future drivers of differentiated growth, including ETFs, alternatives, technology and portfolio construction, and remain deeply committed to investing responsibly for the long-term.  Our capital management strategy has always been to first invest in our business and then return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. In connection with the previously mentioned eFront acquisition, which closed on May 10, we raise $1 billion in 10-year debt at a 75 basis point spread to treasuries. This represented the tightest credit spread ever for a 10-year senior debt issuance by a public asset manager. As a reminder, in the first quarter, we completed our targeted level of share repurchases for 2019, repurchasing $1.6 billion worth of common shares. While we will be opportunistic in repurchasing additional shares during the remainder of the year, we did not repurchase any shares of common stock in the second quarter. Quarterly net inflows of $151 billion were positive across asset classes, investment styles, regions and client types. Flows benefited from particularly strong demand across our fixed income platform, reflecting changing client preferences and validate our unique ability to partner with clients globally to meet their long-term needs in a variety of market environments. BlackRock's institutional franchise generated a record $87 billion of net inflows, representing 6% annualized organic base fee growth. Flows were led by fixed income and reflected demand for our top-performing active strategies and liability-driven investment solutions. Institutional active net inflows of $73 billion were driven by $59 billion of active fixed income flows, which included two sizable client wins. BlackRock's global insights and unique ability to offer holistic solutions are resulting in more significant strategic fundings than ever before. Multi-asset net inflows reflected continued growth in our LifePath Target Date franchise and active equity net inflows of $3 billion were primarily into quantitative strategies where long-term performance remains strong. iShares net inflows of $36 billion, representing 8% annualized organic asset growth, reflected continued growth in core fixed income, factor and sustainable ETFs. As previously seen in periods of significant market volatility, similar to the dynamic we saw in 2018, we saw outflows from higher fee financial instrument and precision exposure ETFs, which clients use to express real-time capital market sentiment and tactically allocate risk exposure. Quarterly outflows from these products resulted in an iShares annualized organic base fee growth of 1% for the second quarter and had a dilutive impact on BlackRock's overall annualized organic base fee growth. iShares crossed $2 trillion in AUM during the quarter and achieved the number one share of industry flows globally in the US and in Europe and in key product areas including fixed income, factors and sustainable ETFs. We continue to project a doubling of the global ETF market by the end of 2023, including significant growth in fixed income, factors and ESG, as well as in Europe. Retail net inflows of $2 million reflected strength in BlackRock's municipal fixed income franchise and the event-driven liquid alternative funds as well as the successful close of the $1.4 billion BlackRock Science and Technology Trust II, BlackRock's largest closed-end fund launch in the last seven years and the industry's largest in the last five years.  Momentum in our alternatives franchise continued with approximately $3 billion of retail and institutional net inflows in the second quarter. In addition, we have approximately $24 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of alternative strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. Finally, BlackRock's cash management platforms saw $26 billion of net inflows as we continue to leverage scale for clients and deliver innovative digital distribution and risk management solutions. In summary, our second quarter results highlight the value clients place in our investment platform and our ability to use technology and risk management to develop broad-based solutions across ETFs, alpha seeking and alternative strategies. While we can't control market volatility, the diversification and breadth of our business positions us to serve clients in a variety of environments, helping to drive consistent and differentiated organic growth through economic cycles. We will continue to invest responsibly on behalf of clients and shareholders to execute our strategy for long-term growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. For several quarters, I've spoken about the increasing depth and breadth of conversations BlackRock is having with clients. And this quarter's results demonstrates how those conversations are resonating, leading to significant strategic wins. We generated $151 billion of total net inflows in the second quarter, representing 9% annualized organic growth. Inflows were driven by a record activity in fixed income and cash and were positive across all client types, asset classes, regions and both active and index strategies as clients assessed the full breadth of BlackRock's platform in a more volatile environment. The deliberate investments we have made in BlackRock's investment and technology platform are manifesting in the quality and quantity of our engagements with clients. While our financial results are not immune to market volatility, as Gary described, we are having comprehensive conversations with more clients globally than ever before about outcomes and solutions, asset allocation, portfolio construction and investment and risk management technology. The culmination of these capabilities and expertise into a one BlackRock approach gives us a distinct and unique global perspective and gives a distinct voice with so many clients around the world, and it's translating into a larger, deeper strategic mandates for BlackRock. Following improved investor sentiment and global equity market rally through the start of year, macro and geopolitical uncertainty once again returned. The US-China trade tensions flared, renewing concerns about a slowdown in global growth, emerging markets equities have been negatively impacted and are down for the quarter; at the same time, US equities have hit a record high. In Europe, while uncertainties around Brexit continued to weigh on investor sentiment, a focus on interest rate policy has also led to an unusual situation where a strong demand for safety has supported fixed-income price appreciation, while equities have been delivering income. And after a period of rising rates, both the Federal Reserve and the ECB have shifted towards a more dovish stance. The market now expects several Federal Reserve rate cuts by the end of 2020 and the ECB has highlighted a readiness to introduce new easing measures to address inflation shortfalls and hopefully to extend the economic expansion. The combinations of these events, on top of a melt up in US equity markets, has driven a shift in risk sentiment in financial markets globally. Investors are derisking and rebalancing out of equities into fixed-income and cash in order to achieve their intended asset allocations in their portfolios. As the investment landscape evolves, clients continued to turn to BlackRock. Today, clients are looking for better, more resilient portfolios that can help them meet their goals. They continue to demand transparency, value and convenience in addition to sustainable long-term returns and better long-term outcomes. BlackRock's client-centered approach and skill positions us well to deliver on each of these client demands. As our investments in asset allocation, our investments in portfolio construction, a spectrum of investment solutions and technology, along our ability to bring all of those capabilities together that are generating growth and long-term value for BlackRock shareholders. Last month, BlackRock crossed the 10-year anniversary of our announcement to acquire Barclays Global Investors. Our willingness to just disrupt ourselves and the industry by bringing active and index together is creating the foundation of what BlackRock is today.  More importantly, what makes that transaction and each of our subsequent acquisitions so successful was our desire and discipline to integrate the organizations into one – one platform, one unifying global culture and one technology. While we face a different landscape and a set of challenges now, the culture and the approach that drove us to that combination 10 years ago are just as relevant today, a willing to reimagine our business, to think comprehensively about our client portfolios and to innovate and to use technology in new ways, all to help meet our clients' needs.  BlackRock's global voice is translating into large client wins with insurance companies, pension and wealth distribution partners. Our conversation with clients are about understanding their investment challenges and helping them shape and execute strategic portfolio construction decisions. The strong organic asset growth we saw in the second quarter reflects this approach, and contributed to record institutional net inflows driven by a number of significant strategic client mandates. As clients chose to de-risk and rebalance their portfolios, BlackRock saw significant demand for fixed-income strategies. We generated our second consecutive record quarter for fixed income with $110 billion of net inflows diversified across our active and index fixed-income platforms. Inflows were led by $65 billion into active fixed-income strategies where performance remains strong with 82% and 86% of assets above the benchmark or peer medium for the third three and five-year periods. We also saw increased demand in our cash management business which generated net inflows of $26 billion, representing a 23% annualized organic asset growth. Results benefited from client derisking activity as well as a number of significant cash client wins.  In addition to the ability of our diverse investment platform that captures shift in client preferences across asset classes, long-term growth for BlackRock will be driven by a strategic positioning and our competitive advantages. BlackRock has the most diverse investment platform by investment style, from index and ETFs to alpha seeking and to illiquid alternatives, which enables us to be the leader in the industry to do more towards portfolios construction, to have global scale and are increasingly establishing a local identity which positions us to capture growth in high potential markets around the world. And we have leading risk management and technology capabilities that serve the entire asset management value chain. These differentiators align with areas of highest client demand and are fueling BlackRock's ability to grow faster than the industry average.  iShares is one of those areas of highest client demand and generated $36 billion of net inflows in the second quarter. iShares captured the number one market share of ETF flows globally in Europe and the United States and a diversified mix of high-growth categories, including fixed income, factors and sustainable ETFs, as well as the core area of our ETF platform. Flows were led by fixed income and core and included $9 billion in net inflows into factor and sustainable ETFs. We also saw clients use certain financial instruments and precision exposure ETFs to express risk-off views and tactical asset allocation decisions. It is the high secondary market liquidity and the unique options and lending markets around these ETFs that make them so valuable to institutional investors. As Gary mentioned, risk-off and volatility-driven outflows from these higher-fee ETFs masked organic fee growth across other iShares categories, all of which are longer-term in nature.  iShares crossed an important milestone in the quarter, reaching $2 trillion in AUM. This is just five years after reading $1 trillion and 10 years since we acquired the $385 billion franchise. Importantly, 80% of growth over the last five years has been driven by client inflows and we remain confident in the long-term secular growth opportunities for ETFs and we expect the industry could double in the next five years with iShares maintaining its market leadership. We are investing in our platform to deliver high-quality exposures to clients globally and to increase the adoption of ETFs with new clients and for new use cases. For example, we are seeing more investors use fixed-income ETFs, which recently crossed the $1 trillion in industry assets.  In an increasing number of ways, since BlackRock launched the first fixed-income ETF in 2002, these products have made it more convenient for all investors to access a diverse range of exposures. Institutions are adopting them as replacement for their individual bond holdings to enhance efficiencies of their portfolio management process. Individuals are using them to help generate predictable income or as a part of a broader portfolio. iShares fixed-income ETFs have also repeatedly demonstrated that they offer the clients an additional source of liquidity and transparency during the times of market stress. The combination of BlackRock's history as a bond manager, our expertise in ETFs and industry-leading technology and data capabilities create significant differentiation for iShares in this space, and we believe this is just a beginning. It took 17 years for fixed-income ETFs to reach $1 trillion in AUM and they still represent less than 1% of the $105 trillion global bond market. We believe they are well-positioned to double to $2 trillion globally within five years, especially if secular forces like bond market modernization, regulation and a move towards portfolios will take effect and create that type of systematic demand. Sustainable ETFs represent another strategic growth area for iShares as clients increasingly look for strategies that target a measurable ESG impact in financial returns.  We launched iShares ESG Leaders Fund in the second quarter which generated over $1 billion of net inflows, representing the best asset gathering in an equity ETF launch in 15 years. Since launching our iShares Sustainable Core ETFs in October, we have doubled assets to $13 billion and our clients' discussions suggest increasingly more client demand.  Beyond ETFs and across our investment platform, we're seeing greater demand for ESG and for sustainable investments. BlackRock has invested to develop significant expertise in this space. We are leveraging our insights and technology to analyze sustainability-related risk and opportunities across asset classes, so we can better deliver long-term results and opportunities for clients across index, active and alternative investment strategies. Demand for illiquid alternatives also remains strong as investors search for yield and attractive risk-adjusted returns in a sustained low rate environment. We generated $3 billion of net inflows in commitments across our illiquid alternatives business in the second quarter, led by credit, infrastructure and private equity solutions. Our teams are consistently deploying capital on behalf of our clients with another $1 billion of committed capital deployed in the quarter. As clients increase their exposure to private markets, they want more than individual alternative products. Increasingly, clients are looking for alternative solutions that fit in the context of their whole portfolios as well as technology to better understand risk and comprehensively manage portfolios across public and private markets. BlackRock can offer clients both alternative investment solutions and investment and risk management technology. Our acquisition of eFront, which closed this quarter, further strengthens our positioning and ongoing growth in our illiquid alternative business and will be supported and enhanced by our eFront over time. BlackRock's leading technology capabilities continue to support and enhance the strong results we are seeing across our entire platform. Technology services revenues grew 20% year-over-year, including the impact of eFront acquisition that closed in May. We are excited to share that we've already received our first combined client win notification for an eFront contract, alongside an Aladdin contract extension. This early success is a reflection of the immediate collaboration and teamwork across Aladdin and eFront, and reinforces our value proposition as the most comprehensive investment operating system in the world. With Aladdin Wealth, BlackRock is enabling our wealth management partners to offer transparency and convenience to their own clients. Aladdin Wealth is giving advisors better capabilities to connect with their own clients and providing wealth managers with a better risk management portfolio construction tools. Our goal is to make Aladdin Wealth the leading technology platform for wealth managers and deepen our value proposition with our partners and their financial advisors. We seek strong momentum going forward as industry consolidation, shifting product usage and regulatory requirements are creating the need for more holistic, more flexible, technology-driven solutions at both institutions and wealth managers. BlackRock is well-positioned to capitalize on these trends and is committed to enhancing our technology capabilities to continually meet our clients' needs. Over the course of BlackRock's 30-year history and in the 10 years since the financial crisis and our acquisition of BGI, markets have experienced various periods of volatility and uncertainty. I firmly believe that, in markets like these, clients put an even greater premium on the differentiating value proposition that BlackRock can offer. We remain focused on what we can control, bringing together the entire firm to serve clients, strategically investing in our competitive advantages and leveraging our global skill to be more disciplined in how we invest. We are deepening our strength by adapting our businesses to meet challenging client needs, being a leader in the highest future growth areas of our industry and serving our clients more broadly than any firm in our industry. By continuing to keep clients' needs at the forefront of our priorities, we will continue to be driving differentiating growth for our shareholders, and I'm confident we're very well-positioned for business for the future. With that, let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from JP Morgan.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So, really going after cash management and fixed-income sales, hoping you could talk about the pipeline for both. So, clearly, 2Q was huge. There was a sort of a change in the rate outlook, lots of repositioning. What portion of that repositioning might be left as we look forward there?  And then, it seems like BlackRock was a disproportional winner in both fixed income and cash strategies. You did mention some of the drivers in your prepared remarks. But if you could, just maybe highlight the factors that you see which may have driven not only just good sales, but market share, win share as well.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Ken. So, I would say, what we are seeing more than ever before, our clients are finding the management of fixed income more difficult if they in-house manage it. They're looking for deeper relationships, to have either windows to the market by employing firms like BlackRock to manage part of their portfolios in fixed-income and, in some cases, now they're looking to outsource their entire platform of fixed income. And they are looking for more of a technology solution as a component of that. And it just leads to what I've been saying each quarter, Ken, having this holistic outcome orientation with our clients is leading to these type of broad conversations. We have many deep broad conversations ongoing now and we don't see that type of behavior dissipating in terms of these types of big types of opportunities. But a part of that also is just a systematic approach to fixed income where we're able to provide both index or ETF solutions alongside active solutions. And I do believe they coexist together. We are seeing more clients who employing ETF solutions for fixed income alongside active solutions. And so, having that comprehensive conversation, having the ability to source more product – and that's obviously in this environment now, smaller organizations are having a harder time sourcing, whether it's in the private credit markets or even in the public credit markets. And so, this is where scale is becoming even more important and also having that global footprint in terms of relationships is building these types of flows. I'll let Rob talk about the cash side, but we've been saying this is a huge competitive opportunity for us and we think much of this has started to manifest in this quarter and we believe in the quarters to come.
Robert Kapito: So, let me just accent Larry's comments. So, the depth and the breadth of the conversations that we are having with clients is really resonating now and leading to these large strategic wins because clients are looking for a long-term strategic partner. So, these conversations are about understanding the investment challenges they have and helping them execute strategic portfolio construction decisions. And we have now the unique ability to offer a holistic solution. And this has to include technology, portfolio construction, modeling capabilities, have various asset allocation strategies that involve both passive and active strategies and includes trading and includes analyzing credits and it also includes balance sheet management. So, all of these things have been more significant to get the strategic fundings than ever before, and I think the result you saw in this quarter really reflect this. And our clients are putting out an even greater premium on this differentiated value proposition that we offer. Part of this is also cash. We saw $26 billion of cash management net inflows in the second quarter and we are now number three globally as a money market provider. And these flows come from both large separate accounts wins and strong flows into our institutional money market funds as we continue to innovate, leverage scale and deliver digital distribution and risk management solutions. So, as a reminder, more than 95% of BlackRock's cash assets under management is institutional where we are differentiated with our scale, risk management and technology. So, we believe this differentiated set of cash offerings, including money market funds, separate accounts, CTFs, ETFs and other short duration strategies help us to serve our clients. And lastly, I would say, in cash, we are transforming our cash management business by delivering distribution and risk management technology through a portal that we have called Cachematrix and also through Aladdin. So, we are creating a technology-first distribution strategy, and this is driving our success in cash as well as holistic approaches to get these large strategic wins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Bill.
William Katz: Good morning, everyone. Thank you very much for your comments and taking the question this morning.  So, Larry, just want to step back a little bit and I was wondering if you could sort of help sort of frame out what gets the active equity market going again. And within that – at least from a flow perspective. And from within that, how does products like Precidian with ActiveShares play into that and then what might be the risk to the passive business, if any?
Laurence Fink: Let me talk about active equities and I'll let Gary talk about Precidian, but I wanted to say one comment about what does it do to passive ETFs. We had active positive flows in our equity business last quarter. It was in the form of a closed-end fund where we raised $1.6 billion and we saw good inflows in our scientific active equity team where we had great performance.  Where you see with other assets manager where they have flows, it's all performance-based. You have to prove, over time, value for their money. This is one of the big things we've always been talking about. If you cannot show the value or the fees for their return, you're going to continue to see inflows in other types of products. You're going to continue to see more flows into alternatives because of the inability of getting active alpha in equities. And so, when you think about a holistic approach, pension funds or insurance companies, they allocate their active risk across a whole spectrum of investment. If they don't believe they could get the value for their money in active equities, they're going to move that where they could get active alpha into more illiquids. So, that's the trend you're seeing. And so, you're seeing more of a transformation in the alternative space where they're getting more active alpha and you're seeing that's been barbelled by a predominance in ETFs. So, if more and more managers can provide value for their money in terms of active alpha returns after fees, then we're going to see systematic more flows back into active in the equity side. And so, I'm not here to project that the whole industry active is going to have active returns. I think it's harder and harder as I've been commenting over the years about active managers producing active alpha with all of the democratization of information. It's becoming much harder to differentiate yourself, and that's what we've seen. And so, we have systematically been shifting our equity teams into more thematics, into more model based and scientific, into I would say more specific portfolios with fewer shares, stockholdings. And so, we believe that's where active equities is going to be migrating and we've been doing that over the last two years and now we're starting to see some of that success.  On the rise of active ETFs, which I'll let Gary talk about, that will have no impact – and I underscore no impact – on index-based strategies. People are using index-based strategies for a purpose, and that is really the – getting back to my conversation about alpha allocation. So, when you think holistically about your alpha allocation, where are you going to get your active alpha? And so, that's the bigger issue more than anything. And I do believe, when people go into index-based strategies across factors or across sustainable types of products, those are more precision instruments, those are instruments that give them those type of reference. That's not going to change. And so, I'll let Gary talk about the Precidian, but if active investing becomes a larger component, then there could be an increased role of active ETFs. But let me have Gary talk…
Gary Shedlin: So, Bill, I'll say just two things and then we'll move on. One is, obviously, BlackRock is a strong proponent of industry innovation and anything that basically enhances investor access to the markets, we're all for that. And, secondly, I would say that our goal for the future is to be wrapper agnostic. So, to the point Larry made, if an investor wants a passive product, a retail investor, they can choose between an index mutual fund or an ETF. If it's an institutional account, whether it's a co-mingle trust fund or a separate account. And I think similarly, to the extent an investor chooses they want an active product, we similarly think, if the future holds, that they can choose between a traditional mutual fund or an ETF. And that's good for investors, then we'll, obviously, make sure that we position ourselves to be part of that industry growth. Early signs I think are still out. There are some benefits versus a traditional mutual fund for an active ETF in the concept. There's maybe more tax efficiency and less cash drag, but, obviously, there are still some complications as it relates to transparency, the implications that transparency has for creates and redeems and bid/ask spreads and how that instrument is going to trade.  And so, I think it's early days. We're going to continue to watch the development of the product itself and how it relates to the ecosystem around it and we will, ultimately, make the best decision for our investors going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Patrick.
William Katz: Good morning, guys. I think, last quarter, you mentioned nine clients ramping up on Aladdin for Wealth and that it was still kind of early days in terms of seeing meaningful, identifiable, incremental organic growth from that. Could you update us on that number and maybe to what extent you're seeing more line of sight to increased adoption of BlackRock product through that ramp up process?
Robert Kapito: So, the biggest opportunity for Aladdin is to make it the language of portfolio construction for wealth managers, for financial advisors and also for individual investors. So, Aladdin is currently live with 11 clients globally. This is Aladdin for Wealth.  We continue to see very strong client interest. I would caution you to say that, when we get an Aladdin assignment, there is sometimes three, could be as long as six-month implementation part of that before they come alive. And there's also, of course, ramp up fees that we have until they get large and they start to grow. So, we are seeing more and more demand. And, quite frankly, for every one client that takes on Aladdin or Aladdin for Wealth, it creates demand to become the standard in how people are going to look at technology. And what this does is simply brings risk transparency and portfolio construction capabilities, both in the institutional market and in the wealth market.  And also, when we're having conversations about our risk technology, it also piques their interest in what we can do with their portfolios and balance sheets and adds on to other business that we might do with them and, quite frankly, vice versa. So, when it comes to Aladdin for Wealth, there is a whole education process for advisors to use the technology and you can have any app you want, but you actually have to use it. And we're finding the increased interest is not only because of the risk technology it provides, it's becoming an asset gathering tool for these advisors. So, our expectation is it's going to grow. We have more client interest in it and it's, I think, going to continue to grow as it's been growing in the past for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. If you could just guide into the nature of the active fixed income institutional mandate, I know you touched a lot about this on this, Larry. But if you can talk about maybe what do you think has changed for BlackRock in offering holistic solutions. Obviously, you guys have been well-positioned for that for quite some time, but you seem more optimistic on those types of mandates going forward. So, is it the technology that's linking in that's actually generating this growth or is it something else? And then, just added to that is the fixed income iShares usage as substitutes for bonds. Are you seeing that as a fairly permanent secular trend that should help the fixed income grow quarter-in, quarter-out?
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Brian. I'm going to let Rob answer most of it, but this really is just a very vivid example of our positioning as an organization globally where our scale is bringing the ability to source assets, our consistency in performance, our agnostic ability to provide passive and active in fixed income. And so, it's really manifesting now as a deeper product conversation. But, Rob, why don't you…?
Robert Kapito: Yeah, I think the quick and dirty answer is just that they need a strategic partner. It's not about just filling or checking a box with one particular product. So, when you can go and you can provide the technology to them, you can provide opportunities for modeling portfolios, portfolio construction, when you can give that answer and have the products in-house to give them the appropriate asset allocation, whether it be passive and active, whether you can actually trade and get the allocations to provide them the products that they need, whether you can do the credit work on their current portfolio and improve it, then whether you can actually look holistically depending upon what type of client it is and help them with balance sheet management because, in a period of low interest rate, every basis point counts. And that's were also cash comes in to be able to provide the appropriate allocations in that balance sheet to improve it or the portfolio itself. Really makes a difference in a low interest environment. So, that's where we're seeing the interest in having more dialogue with us because I think this approach is unique in our industry. The second part is really what's driving fixed income to go more and more into an ETF structure. And you're going to hear a lot from BlackRock about this because there's really four or five different reasons. One is, there is an evolution in portfolio construction and millions of people are actively using fixed income ETFs in new and innovative ways to achieve a variety of outcomes. So, keep in mind, it is still a great way to derisk your portfolios. It is a good way to have more liquidity, more transparency, more diversification and better tax. It's just a better wrapper. There's growing adoption now by institutional investors. So, institutions like pension funds, asset managers and insurance companies rely on fixed income ETFs for very quick efficient market access. As the bond market now starts to modernize, electronification of bond markets are going to support the growth of fixed income ETFs as well as entrenched bond ETFs as part of a vibrant fixed income marketplace. So, technology is also helping this market to grow. And then, as the previous question alerted us to, there's constant ETF innovation. This is the development of new bond ETF exposures. And what it's adding is the most important part of this, which is convenience of investors to access the fixed income market with better liquidity at a better price, and we are constantly now coming up with new tools to customize portfolios and drive future bond ETF adoption. It is right now a very small portion of the fixed income market. We are very optimistic about the future growth. As Larry mentioned, global fixed income ETF assets under management crossed $1 trillion in June. And even at $1 trillion, fixed income ETFs represent less than 1% of the $105 trillion global bond market. So, we have high expectations for growth and we think we're going to benefit from the growth in this market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. So, I wanted to see which of your recent investments in digital tools are providing BlackRock the biggest competitive advantages in our clients? And also, when you take a step back and look at your major competitors in financial services and firms that also have the ETF businesses like the Vanguard, Schwabs, JP Morgans with digital direct-to-consumer distribution platforms, what are your thoughts in entering the wealth management space at some point?
Laurence Fink: Gary?
Gary Shedlin: I'll give you an update on our investments. I think, obviously, we've made a number of minority investments, Craig, which are definitely part of our capital management strategy. I think we are looking to use our balance sheet and the stable cash flow that our business generates more aggressively to basically position us to effectively learn and partner with a number of very innovative companies without necessarily having to take full control day one. I think it basically helps us add value to their business and, ultimately, derisks our strategy of ultimately having the option to combine with those companies over time where, frankly, they may benefit from their unique culture and basically our broader reach. So, today, we've basically got a number of them. Obviously, iCapital and Scalable are most well-known. Again, I think Scalable kind of expands our global advisor capabilities and what we've done with FutureAdvisor into Europe, which I think is very successful. iCapital, obviously, is more on the front end of the alternative strategy and will at some point really, whether we own it or not, will basically pair very nicely with what we're doing on an eFront-Aladdin technology combination. We've, obviously, done other things even more unique and our minority investment into Envestnet, I think, has been incredibly beneficial, not only in terms of the fact that the stock has gone up significant since we bought it, but, more importantly, it offers an opportunity to get Aladdin on the desktops of thousands and thousands of RIAs in a way that effectively helps them not only benefit their own practices, but helps distribution of our underlying asset capabilities. And then, there's a number of smaller issues, smaller companies, whether it's Embark or Acorns, again, which gives us an opportunity to learn about the evolution of distribution in a more technological way and to basically help these companies drive more value. As it relates to the issue of going direct, we have no intention of going direct. We are an intermediated model. We partner with lots of companies who distribute our products. And, frankly, all of the investments that we're making are intended to basically be beneficial to our shareholders and to clients, but, frankly, respecting the fact that we are an intermediated model going forward. Larry?
Laurence Fink: And I would just say one on a more holistic basis. When I write my CEO letters, I focus on the societal changes. And we are seeing huge societal changes with more millennials and more Gen X and they are much more adept in using technology and we need to be at the forefront of helping them. I do believe the retirement crisis in America is a component of lack of financial literacy. And so, anybody – it is all our respective jobs is to use technology to improve financial literacy and improve better transparency for people who are investing. We need to take the fear out of managing of money for most people. If we could reduce that fear of management of money, I think the outcome will be leading to more people putting their money to work, and that's one of the structural problems we see in Europe and other parts of the world. And so, to me, it is only – it's going to have to be through better and more unique technology, and that is what's driving us to try to provide leading technology, Aladdin for Wealth, to create more transparency. When you think about the movement, especially on the advisor side with more and more movement toward illiquids, when you think about iCapital and then eFront, if we could provide better transparency and information on the illiquid side alongside Aladdin for Wealth, it will lead to better financial literacy towards investing in illiquids. But it will probably lead to better outcome investing for everybody. And so, when you think about how we are trying to design our technology and our technology offerings, it is all – the foundation is some of the things that I write about and how we can then take this and really build a unique position in all those societies we work in in terms of trying to provide better financial literacy, better financial outcomes. And so, that's the entire foundation of what we're trying to do.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and for the continued interest at BlackRock. Our strong second quarter results is really linked to really these deliberate investments we've made over time. And what I've been continuously talking about, our deep partnerships we've built with clients globally, being footprinted globally by providing a deeper purpose in all the communities we operate. We see meaningful opportunities that continue to leverage our differentiating scale. BlackRock's purpose of trying to help people having and achieve better financial outcomes. We're trying to use our leverage to invest in our investments and technology capabilities for the ultimate value creation for our clients. And through the value creation for our clients is going to lead to longer-term deeper value for our shareholders going forward. Everyone, have a good summer. Hopefully, people have some time to take off and we'll talk to you in fall.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sigie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2019 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Chris Meade: Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I will turn it over to Gary. 
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2019. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. BlackRock generated $65 billion of total net inflows in the first quarter or 4% annualized organic asset growth, reflecting our differentiated solutions-based approach to addressing client needs. Our first quarter results reflect the benefits of our integrated business model and the investments we have made to diversify our investment platform, enhance our risk management and technology capabilities, and build local expertise at global scale. First quarter revenue of $3.3 billion was 7% lower than a year ago, reflecting the impact of fourth quarter equity market declines on our 2019 base fee entry rate. Operating income of $1.2 billion was down 11% compared to a year ago, while earnings per share of $6.61 was down 1%, as lower operating income and a higher effective tax rate were partially offset by higher non-operating income and a lower share count in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $135 million of net investment income, driven by higher marks on our unhedged seed capital investments and the revaluation of certain strategic minority investments. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 22% and included a $22 million discrete tax benefit related to stock-based compensation awards that vested during the quarter. We continue to estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2019 though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on tax legislation. First quarter base fees of $2.8 billion were down 5% year-over-year, primarily due to the negative impact of non-U.S. equity markets and foreign exchange on average AUM and an associated mix change favoring lower fee fixed income assets compared to a year ago. On a constant currency basis base fees were down 3% year-over-year. Sequentially, base fees were up 1% or 3% after adjusting for the impact of a lower day count in the first quarter, driven by market appreciation, organic base fee growth and higher securities lending revenue. On an equivalent day count basis, BlackRock’s fee rate increased from 18 basis points in the fourth quarter to 18.2 basis points for the first quarter of 2019. Performance fees of $26 million decreased meaningfully from a year ago, reflecting lower revenue from liquid alternatives and long only equity products. As noted on our fourth quarter earnings call, investment underperformance entering the first quarter resulted in certain quarterly locking funds falling below high watermarks. We saw improved performance in many of these funds during the last three months, which better positions us for the remainder of the year. Continued momentum in institutional Aladdin resulted in 11% year-over-year growth in quarterly technology services revenue, and 17% year-over-year growth on a trailing 12-month basis. As Larry will discuss in more detail, overall demand remains strong for our full range of technology solutions. Advisory and other revenue of $49 million was down $22 million year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower earnings attributable to an equity method investment. On a sequential basis, the decline reflected lower fees from advisory and transition management assignments. Total expense decreased 4% year-over-year, primarily due to lower compensation and volume related expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was down $54 million or 5% year-over-year, reflecting lower incentive compensation driven in part by lower operating income. Sequentially, compensation and benefit expense was up 5%, primarily reflecting higher seasonal payroll taxes, and an increase in issuance and mark-to-market of deferred compensation, partially offset by lower incentive compensation driven in part by lower performance fees. Direct fund expense was down $19 million or 7% year-over-year, primarily reflecting the negative impact of equity and foreign exchange markets on average index AUM. G&A expense was up 1% year-over-year, reflecting higher technology expense, partially offset by the impact of product launch cost in the first quarter of 2018. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased $61 million, reflecting seasonally lower marketing and promotional expense, lower professional services expense and $31 million of contingent consideration fair value adjustments related to prior acquisitions recorded in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our first quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 41.9% was down 220 basis points from a year ago, reflecting the negative impact of markets and foreign exchange on quarterly base fees and a strategic decision to continue investing responsibly for the long-term. While we are always margin aware, we have deep conviction in the stability of our business model, which allows us to better navigate the financial challenges associated with short-term market volatility. Since year end, beta has been constructive, organic growth has improved and a number of our hedge funds are back above high watermarks. All of which contributed to 9% growth in our assets under management and position as well for the second quarter. We remain focused on funding our most critical strategic initiatives to optimize organic growth and significantly advanced two of these strategic initiatives, technology and illiquid alternatives during the first quarter. We are confident these investments will enhance outcomes for clients and generate long-term value for shareholders. Last month, we announced the binding offer an exclusive agreement to acquire eFront, the world’s leading end-to-end alternative investment management software and solutions provider. As clients increasingly add to their alternatives allocations, the ability to seamlessly manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on a single platform will be critical. The combination of eFront with Aladdin will set a new standard in investment and risk management technology, and reinforce Aladdin’s value proposition as the most comprehensive investment operating system in the world. Subject to the French Works Council process, we expect the transaction to close in the second quarter. We have also announced the first close of long-term private capital, LTPC is an innovative perpetual direct private equity fund designed to create value for the long-term. Limit reinvestment risk and operate with lower volatility than comparable vehicles. It’s a crucial new component of BlackRock’s comprehensive alternative investment capabilities, which now include hedge funds solutions, real assets, private credit and direct private equity. LTPC is another example of BlackRock’s ability to assess the market, organically develop our capabilities and deliver the products and solutions clients need most. Our capital management strategy has always been to first invest in our business and then return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. As previously announced, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 5% to $3.30 per share of common stock and repurchased $1.6 billion worth of common shares in the first quarter including $1.3 billion repurchased in a private transaction at approximately $413 per share. We have now completed our targeted level of share repurchases for 2019, but we will remain opportunistic should relative valuation opportunities arise. BlackRock is having deeper and more strategic conversations, with a greater number of clients than ever before and our first quarter results highlight the value of the investments we have made to assemble the industry’s broadest offering of active and index investment strategies, coupled with technology and portfolio construction tools. The diversity of our platform positions us to serve clients’ needs in a variety of market environments and enables us to generate consistent and differentiated organic growth. Quarterly net inflows of $65 billion were positive across active and index strategies, as well as in our cash management business. BlackRock’s institutional franchise generated $29 billion of net inflows representing 4% annualized organic asset growth, flows were led by momentum in fixed income, reflecting continued demand for liability driven investment solutions and our top performing active strategies. Institutional active net inflows of $15 billion were driven by $13 billion of active fixed income flows reflecting strong activity in our insurance client channel. Momentum in our illiquid alternatives franchise continued into 2019. Record quarterly net inflows of $6 billion were led by infrastructure, real estate, private credit and the previously mentioned first close of LTPC. In addition, we have approximately $22 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of strategies, representing a significant source of future base and performance fees. iShares net inflows of $31 billion reflected global client demand for a diverse range of strategies, including core, fixed income, factor and sustainable ETFs. We saw record quarterly flows in fixed income iShares as clients continue to adopt ETFs for corporate, emerging market and high yield bond exposures. Approximately 40% of iShares’ close in the quarter were on higher fee products outside of the core, resulting in annualized organic base fee growth of 7% in line with organic asset growth in the quarter. Retail net outflows of $1 billion reflected industry pressures in international equities and world allocation strategies, partially offset by strength in BlackRock’s municipal fixed income franchise and event driven liquid alternatives funds. Finally, BlackRock’s cash management platform saw $6 billion of net inflows, as we continue to grow our cash business, leverage scale for clients and deliver innovative distribution and risk management solutions through a combination of Cachematrix and Aladdin. In summary, our first quarter results highlight the breadth of our investment strategies, coupled with our industry-leading technology and portfolio construction capabilities and an ability to service clients on a global scale. While we will never be immune to beta headwinds and the impact those headwinds can have in our short-term financial results, we intend to retain focus on investing in our highest growth priorities and exercising prudent expense discipline to ensure we meet the critical needs of clients and shareholders alike. Our goal remains to deliver consistent and differentiated organic growth in the most efficient way possible. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining BlackRock’s first quarter call. BlackRock’s broad investment platform generated $65 billion of total net inflows in the first quarter, representing 4% organic asset growth and 3% organic base fee growth. The breadth of our investment capabilities, spanning index, alpha-seeking, alternatives and cash, coupled with our industry leading technology and portfolio construction capabilities, allowed us to generate strong flows, and importantly, meeting the evolving needs of our global clients. BlackRock’s commitment to staying ahead of our client needs continues to resonate and we are deepening those relationships with our clients throughout the world more than ever before. Following significant declines in equity markets in the fourth quarter of last year, investors reverse their risk tolerance at the start of 2019. U.S. markets have regained their losses and both developed an emerging market equities, although not fully recovering from about 10% year-to-date. High yield fixed income the most challenged category last year is now seeing inflows. Improved investor sentiment has been driven in part by easing concerns around the global monetary policy and trade. The Federal Reserve and other central banks are emphasizing a more patient approach to monetary policy, quieting investments -- investors’ fears of tightening monetary policy and conditions late in our cycle. And investors’ focus on trade tensions have declined relative to last year, as negotiations between the United States and China progresses. Despite strong market performance year-to-date, average market levels are still lower than they are a year ago and investor optimism remains fragile as geopolitical risk and global growth concerns persist. While recent development in China should increase global capital investment spending notably weak Eurozone PMI data, it signals further slowdown in Europe, and the U.K. although a hard Brexit has been avoided in the near-term, those issues remain unresolved. In this global context, clients are continuing to turn to BlackRock. Our focus has always been and always will be to listen to our client’s goals and challenges, so we could better anticipate and evolve ahead of our clients’ needs. Today clients are increasingly asking for more transparency. They are searching for more value, and most importantly, like we are seeing in so many other industries, clients are looking for more convenience. And they want sustainable long-term returns, but they also want everyone’s focusing on their outcomes and these are the major issues that impacting I would say the asset management industry today. I wrote in my letter to shareholders this year about the need for more dialogue around long-term outcomes. As we have done throughout our history, BlackRock continues to invest in our investment platform and our technology to deliver the outcomes our clients are looking for. Every decision we make is centered on enhancing our ability to partner with our clients. In two months, we will cross the 10-year anniversary of BlackRock’s announcement to acquire Barclays Global Investors. Over the last 10 years, our strategy behind the merger has resonated being agnostic across alpha and index industries allows us to have a different voice -- a differentiating voice for our clients. Much has changed for our industry and for BlackRock in this past decade, rather than looking for individual products, clients are increasingly seeking a partner to help them create tailored portfolios. It’s only by delivering that to clients that we can drive growth and create long-term value for our shareholders, and that is why we continue to evolve our platform and organization today. BlackRock’s strategy for delivering long-term growth is centered on three main drivers; capturing the shift from product selection to portfolio construction; leading in technology across the asset management value chain; and gaining global and local expertise in high future growth markets around the world. We do all of this with the ultimate goal again of enhancing our clients’ experience and deepening our client relationships globally. Last year, we launched the Client Portfolio Solutions teams to formally bring together the strategic advantages that enable us to create a whole portfolio of solution for both institutional and wealth clients. Leveraging BlackRock’s differentiated research, our investment and technology capabilities and portfolio construction, Client Portfolio Solutions generated more than $11 billion of net inflows in the first quarter and continues to gain strong momentum. We are expanding our capabilities across portfolio of building blocks and investing in areas of highest client demands and ETFs are one of those areas. iShares generated $31 billion of net inflows in the first quarter and once again capture the number one market share of ETF flows globally in Europe, as well as the high-growth categories including fixed income ETFs, factor ETFs and sustainable ETFs. This quarter flows reflects the diversity of our iShares platform, by region in addition we saw $17 billion of net inflows in U.S. iShares and we generated $15 billion of net inflows in European iShares, which represented a 17% organic growth. In higher growth -- in higher fee iShares categories including fixed income factors and sustainable ETF, we generated a total of $38 billion of net inflows and core iShares generate $19 billion in the first quarter. While these flows are partially offset by outflows from a handful of equity iShares, which reflects the reversal of strong fourth quarter tax related inflows, iShares continues to benefit from long-term secular trends, including the global shift to portfolio construction and to fee-based wealth management. Financial advisors are increasingly adopting models to customize portfolio for clients in a simple and scalable way. The use of models is driving demand for both ETFs and high performing alpha strategies, in addition to digital tools that help advisors better see where risk and fees are being allocated and BlackRock is well-positioned for that. After more muted growth in 2018, we are seeing renewed demand for fixed income securities. BlackRock generated $80 billion of fixed income inflows across active and indexed products. Flows were led by increased adaptation of fixed income ETFs, which generated $32 billion of net inflows across high yield, emerging market bonds and treasuries. Non-ETF index fixed income flows of $29 billion were driven demand for LDI strategies as clients immunize their portfolios and we saw diversified flows into our top performing active fixed income platform, with net inflows of $18 billion across core fixed income, municipal bonds and high yield strategies. Performance in our active fixed income strategies remain strong with 83% and 85% of assets above benchmark or peer median for the three-year and five-year period. We are constantly innovating across our platform to meet client needs and delivering growth for shareholders. For example, in cash management where we generated $6 billion of inflows in the quarter, we are leveraging our Cachematrix technology to improve convenience and transparency for our clients. We are also innovating on the types of cash management strategy we offer to clients and last week we launched a Liquid Environmentally Aware Fund or LEAF as a prime money market fund with an environmentally focused strategy. The fund will use 5% of its net revenues to purchase and retire carbon offsets and direct a portion of proceeds to our conservation efforts. Increasingly, clients want sustainable strategies that provide financial returns and target a measurable social or economic impact. BlackRock’s goal is to make those strategies more accessible to more people. Beyond dedicated sustainable investment funds, we are also integrating environmental, social and government risk factors across all our investment processes. We firmly believe business relevant sustainable data is useful for all of our portfolio managers and ultimately results in decision making that delivers better long-term results for our investors and our clients. With our continued focus on evolving ahead of clients’ needs, we are also developing an innovative new private equity vehicles design to meet it institutional client needs for the long-term high quality private company exposures. BlackRock Long-Term Private Capital strategy, LTPC offers institutions the opportunity to invest on the continuum between publicly traded equities and leveraged buyout style private equity. The fund will have a perpetual structure and an active ownership approach designed to create value for the long-term. At the end of the first quarter, LTPC secured $1.25 billion of capital commitments and cornerstone investments. Including LTPC BlackRock had a record quarter in our illiquid alternative business with $6 billion of net inflows and clients continue to search for yield and attractive risk adjusted returns. We also deployed $2 billion of committed capital in the first quarter and have another $22 billion of remaining capital to deploy. As we look to bridge the gap between public and private assets, we also realized that clients benefit when alternative investments are evaluated inside a portfolio level risk management framework. That is why we announced last week our exclusive agreement subject to conditions to acquire eFront. This acquisition will deepen BlackRock’s strength in two of our strategic growth areas, our illiquid alternatives and technology, and will enable portfolios that span traditional and alternative asset classes to be managed much more comprehensively. Technology is changing every aspect of the asset management landscape and BlackRock’s results milestones and continuum innovation are only possible, because we prioritize making technology essential to our entire business. Strong global momentum continues in our Aladdin business driving 11% growth over year-over-year in our technology services revenues. A number of new client wins in the first quarter including Santander, the first asset manager to use Aladdin in markets such as Brazil, Argentina, Spain, Portugal, and momentum and investments we are making in technology will continue to drive our technology services revenues growth to the low- to mid-teens going forward. BlackRock’s long-term strategy is to provide technology across asset management value chain and we are expanding our technology platform beyond our core Aladdin business to deepen our value proposition with clients and partners, and generate direct technology revenues for the firm. As the investment management ecosystem seeks deeper integration a long investment life cycle, we are extending Aladdin to our asset servicing providers to further unlock the network effects of Aladdin platform. Earlier this month, we announced the strategic alliance with Bank of New York Mellon to deliver an integrated data technology and asset management service capability to share clients to provide Aladdin. By enabling access to investment management and servicing capabilities on one platform, client will be able to further optimize, and optimize their operating models and reduce operating expenses. One of the biggest opportunities for Aladdin going forward is to make the language of portfolio construction for wealth management, wealth managers, financial advisors, individual investors. Aladdin Wealth is now live with nine clients based in the U.S., U.K., Continental Europe and Asia. We see tremendous opportunities for Aladdin Wealth to become the infrastructure of a wealth management landscape. But more importantly it provides BlackRock with an opportunity to deepen our value proposition and brand with wealth partners and their financial advisors. Accelerating trends included the movement towards portfolio solutions and a wider product usage necessary -- necessity of operating scale, enhanced regulatory reporting are creating the need globally for more comprehensive and a more flexible technology driven solution. Aladdin remains well positioned to capitalize on these trends as the industry, leading whole portfolio investment operating system. Just as we continue to innovate and evolve our investment and technology business to meet our clients’ needs we are also evolving BlackRock leaders and we are evolving our organization to enhance client experiences with BlackRock. We made organizational leadership changes every few years because we firmly believe these changes bring great benefits to our clients, to our shareholders and to our leaders themselves. Recent announcements are centered on bringing BlackRock closer to our clients, deepening our relationships with them and more efficiently and more effectively delivering all of BlackRock’s capabilities to our clients. These changes help us maintain our entrepreneurial spirit by bringing in fresh ideas to different areas of the firm and further developing our leaders around the world. I can say, very proudly, that I have never been more excited about BlackRock’s organization and our people than any time in our history. We begin 2019 by maintaining our steadfast focus on client needs. This will continue to position BlackRock as the right partner for our clients and a leader in the growth areas of the future. With that, let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey. Good morning, Larry. So we continue to see BlackRock expand further in that tax sector here. We saw this again in the first quarter the acquisition of eFront. My question is how will BlackRock clients use this software technology? And also more importantly, how do you plan on monetizing this technology, including potentially supporting your alternative fundraising effort?
Laurence Fink: So we look at technology in five business brands across BlackRock and we are focused on every business. Actually we had a leadership retreat last week this past weekend. And we spoke about how we have to work on technology in every business. It’s not the business that BlackRock that should be untouched with technology. Technology has to be the component of shaping how we do business. So we look at technology in five different areas. We look at technology to deliver better alpha using more data sources. We are using technology now, as I spoke about in my prepared remarks, creating technology for more convenient portfolio construction. Obviously, we are using technology with more operational efficiencies, Aladdin provider is a good example. Throughout our history, we are using more and more technology for risk management. And now we are using technology to create more convenience with our clients by delivering better tools for distribution and so we are framing technology across all these businesses. eFront really is a great example of us using a technology to really help us in delivering two out of the three major long-term strategies that we spoke about in my shareholder letter. We speak about why technology has to be driving BlackRock and why alternatives have to continue to drive the future of BlackRock. And eFront still helps us deliver in those two key categories, the third one is China. If I have to say a fourth one is retirement, but those are two of the key characteristics of our forward growth strategy. Related to eFront in itself it is going to be provided as a new revenue component of Aladdin and it’s going to be an add-on cost to our Aladdin platform. It is -- and so it will be integrated on top of the Aladdin platform over time, but it will be another sleeve and we are actually there were some overlaps with the clients and there were many new clients that are part of eFront, so it allows us to have broader depth globally worldwide. And so we look at this acquisition as another milestone of us really trying to build technology across all asset categories and we did cite that we had some weaknesses in alternative technology in Aladdin and this really helps us accelerate the added sleeves of alternative technology on Aladdin. So this will be another revenue center for BlackRock as a part of the Aladdin platform.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Lee from KBW. Your line is now open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Robert.
Robert Lee: Great. Good morning. Good morning, Larry. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just flush out a little bit on the alternatives platform. Obviously, you spent in addition to the eFront, you have spent a lot of time and energy with some acquisition, the organic growth. Can you may be -- where do you feel like you stand with your old platform in terms of do you feel like at this point you have the most of the strategies covered or -- and it’s more about kind of scaling with subsequent funds or are there still places you feel like there’s maybe whole of…
Laurence Fink: Sure.
Robert Lee: … you are looking to fill?
Laurence Fink: Let me have Gary start it off and I will try to answer if I need too.
Gary Shedlin: Yeah. Rob, I think, we feel that we are very well situated on the illiquid platform at the moment, obviously, we have got a range of products now that span kind of across the more major categories. LTPC firmly puts us in the direct private equity, obviously, we have a significant real estate business and infrastructure business, a private credit business. We have a variety of solutions-oriented businesses, whether it would be funded hedged funds, funded private equity and broader alternative solutions. So I think we feel like we have got a foot in every one of the high growth markets. I think when we add it all up today we have got about $65 billion plus in illiquid plus another $22 billion or so of committed capital to go. So that gives us a fair amount of scale. I think when you look at the individual businesses, one could argue that individually they are not big enough and so that will come obviously with successor funds and continuing to develop -- continue to deliver the returns that our investors expect, and so obviously, as we do that I think successor funds will get bigger. And we will continue to opportunistically look for tactical opportunities to create more scale in those businesses. But as I think we have been very, very clear culture is incredibly important to us. We are not really looking to buy out anybody. We are really looking to buy in people who want to be a part of our very differentiated platform and we see those opportunities as we have seen in the past with our new partners from Tennenbaum or First Reserve and others. We will do things that basically make sense not only for clients but also for our shareholders. So bottomline is, we will continue to see what’s out there and be opportunistic, but we feel like we have got a pretty good growth platform right now.
Laurence Fink: As you know, Rob, we have been very systematic in how we have been approaching this. It has not been what I would call it metamorphic by any means. If you think about just our infrastructure platform, we started really infrastructure in 2012 by lifting out a team of people. We are over $20 billion now in infrastructure growing quite nicely. We are raising a couple more funds. So it’s been very systematic and I think the same thing will be done over LTPC. Over time that’s going to be continue to grow. We actually have opportunities that continue to build that out. We have real estate and so over time this is a growth area. Our first quarter was up $6 billion in growth. That was a record quarter for us as Gary suggested. We have $20 billion or $22 billion of the drag of committed capital right now and that they will be put to work. We look at this as a real opportunity and our clients are looking to us to be really focused on these types of opportunities. So I am pretty constructive on where we are at this point in time.
Robert Kapito: Can I add one thing? The other part that we are excited about is that we have done some institutional surveys and it shows that the largest reallocation is going to be to the alternative space. So we do need to have a wide product base to be able to satisfy our current clients’ needs. But also you know that we are very important to the retail base and they want exposure to the alternatives area. So we are also working very closely with our retail distribution partners to create the appropriate wrappers, to put the alternatives that have the appropriate risk and reward for those clients that are looking for it. So it’s not just institutional investors, it’s also retail investors that are looking to us for some exposure in the alternative space.
Robert Lee: Okay. Thank you. Can I ask may be a tactical follow-up question, Larry, you mentioned there being some kind of reversal of the fourth quarter ETF equity flows that were driven by tax reasons. But broadly across the industry despite this big rebound in the market to kind of feels like demand for equities in general both index and active have been pretty muted. Is there -- is this really more just symptomatic of the people bifurcating the portfolios more going to alternatives than, obviously, better fixed income demand or is there something else going on underneath that business?
Laurence Fink: So the question we saw strong rerisking for those were in cash and allocated back into fixed income. We saw that predominantly -- a lot of investors were believing that interest rates are going to go higher, Central Banks really continue to tighten and obviously the change in Central Bank forward forecast and their behaviors many investors were underinvested and put duration to work across the Board. As we have seen as Rob Kapito just mentioned we are seeing investors continue to barbell, I think, going more and more heavy into alternative spaces. What the first quarter showed also that investors are still selling equity exposures. As an industry there were major outflows again in overall global equities as an industry. This is one of the reasons why I actually believe we are at a pivot point now where equivalent markets despite the rally can have much more upside because the amount of under investments investors have in equities they have not rerisk in equities in the first quarter. And so to me -- we believed as you are starting to see renewed economic activity in the United States from the slow pace of the first quarter and we are moving closer to about 2.5% economy in the second quarter, we are seeing a stronger economic signal out of China from all the fears we have in the third and fourth quarter. So I would argue there is a high probability going forward that investors are going to begin to rerisk across the equity platforms. And what we hear from investors and we see, investors coming in every day seeing our leaders, seeing Rob, seeing me and the biggest question is we are being asked continuously, where should we put our money? There is huge pools of money sitting in the sideline and many people how we are going to have the continued downdraft in the fourth quarter. They thought interest rates are going to go higher. A lot of -- as I said the biggest risk is that clients are under invested not over invested. So we see more upside here, especially, in equities. 
Robert Kapito: So one thing on the tactical comment, if you started last year with a 60-40 stock mix, which is what most people have, by the time you got to somewhere in October, that number would have been 80-20, which is really too much risk. So you saw a lot of tactical asset allocation changes to get their portfolios back to 60-40, which means you have to sell stocks and buy bonds. And at the same time, the risk free rate during the year went from zero to 3% so bonds look pretty good coming out of cash. So I think we saw that in November and December. That added to the fuel to -- for the first time being able to take a tax loss for a very long time. But now in the first quarter that people are getting back to where they wanted to be, I think, the risk on trade is coming back into the marketplace and you see that reflected in where they are allocating their money tactically now.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Patrick Davitt: Hey. Good morning, guys. 
Laurence Fink: Hi. How are you?
Patrick Davitt: I am well. Thanks. You mentioned that the nine live Aladdin for Wealth clients. Could you update us where you think we are on the ramp-up of noticeable incremental flow from those nine go lives, update us on the pipeline of new go lives this year and are there any meaningful milestones you are just looking to see a more noticeable uptick inflows from that channel?
Robert Kapito: So we are very optimistic on the Aladdin for Wealth, because for the first time it gives a lot of the financial advisors the ability to look and test their clients portfolios to make sure that they are taking the right risk in them. And so as they come on, we are building it together. They are asking can we do this, can we do this, what can we show our clients and of course within each system, the things that these firms are able to send out to their clients have to be approved they sent out that takes a little time. So there’s a little bit of a lag. So there was a lag in implementation, and now we are in process with many of them on getting them on to the systems and to understand how it works and what they can actually use for their clients. So it is been an eye opening experience for many of their clients. What we didn’t realize was that Aladdin for Wealth can be used as an asset gathering tool and most clients in the retail area have accounts at more than one firm. And if you are one of the firms that can show your client the risk and reward of their portfolios and then improve it that is a great advantage, and we are seeing a lot of money move for those who have Aladdin to with from people that don’t have it. Also the business has moved from individual stock and bond picking to asset allocation and portfolio construction and that’s what the financial advisors are expected to be able to do. By using Aladdin for Wealth, they are able to take not only one portfolio but hundreds of portfolios and organize them in an appropriate way for risk return using portfolio construction. It also helps each of these individual institutions utilize their models, as well as have an alternative model to compare it against BlackRock’s models and so Aladdin for Wealth is helping the financial advisor to have tools for better decision making right at their fingertips, and also, of course, if they are using our portfolio allocation or our tools, there’s a high probability that they may look favorably upon our products. In portfolio construction today, because of the way the compensation system works, they want to use the cheapest products that they can find to do that portfolio allocation and those wind up being ETFs and index product, of which we have a significant market share. So Aladdin for Wealth is helping the financial advisors have the tools to do their job better. It’s helping us to be part of the infrastructure and the ecosystem to build out better tools and technology for our firms that unfortunately under invested in technology and at this time cost is very important to be able to buy it a good price and have it maintained is, I think, just going to grow for the future. So we are very excited about it. But as we have done with Aladdin, as we have brought clients on, we are learning as well what some of the advisors are in need and we are building it together to have the best tools and the tools will also create an ecosystem that also is working with their custodians so that it’s much easier. And Larry mentioned the word convenience, so it’s a tool that’s right at their fingertips that they can log on and get really good information and very good scrubbed data so that they can have a better system.
Gary Shedlin: But Patrick, just to be clear, so I just some of the terminology, I just want to make sure we are clear on. I mean the most significant, immediate impact from a P&L standpoint is obviously to see the revenue show up in our technology services line which is where the Aladdin Wealth line will hit. There’s two components to Aladdin Wealth, there’s kind of that what I would call more of the top-down kind of home office view, which is really driving the technology revenue and then there will be that bottoms up impact that basically will happen at the individual adviser level which will generate approach which I think was your initial question. Keep in mind, a lot of this is happening real-time we are rolling it out right now at many places. There is an element of training and getting all of these advisers up to speed on all the new tools that they will have at their disposal. So the flow, the flow deltas, which will then drive our base fees is going to take a little bit longer than the immediate impact of that technology revenue that you are going to see much more immediately. In other situations like, Envestnet, where we that is not an Aladdin Wealth but basically putting our portfolio construction technology on the desktop of the IRAs that have, again I think there you will see basically more impact in base fees because there’s no specific technology revenue associated with that type of partnership.
Laurence Fink: But early indications before the Aladdin Wealth users who have been on the longest there is evidence of increased…
Gary Shedlin: Yes.
Laurence Fink: … flows to BlackRock. We don’t have enough statistics to really identify where it is. We don’t have enough data with all the different users. As we said nine clients worldwide and we are in conversations with many more clients. So our objective is to have as Rob just suggested the architecture or risk in the wealth management channel using Aladdin for Wealth.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey. Good morning. Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Just on another question on Aladdin here with eFront that now brings you into alternatives. Just curious as you look across the Aladdin platform what other adjacencies could make sense or capabilities that you would like to see strengthened with Aladdin particularly as you look across the competitive landscape today?
Gary Shedlin: I think we are committed to being an end-to-end provider for risk management and analytics across from the front to the back. So I think we have been building out a lot of that in particular ourselves. I think the decision to do eFront was a conscious decision frankly that it was going to take us a lot longer to build that. Our belief is that the eFront transaction accelerates our development in the private asset classes conservatively by five-plus years. So I think we felt we needed to attack there when we can. Otherwise, I think, we will continue to add on all the obvious adjacencies when we think about an end-to-end provider and we continue again to continue to be tactical and opportunistic to basically balance where we think it makes sense to buy versus where we think it makes sense to build.
Laurence Fink: But it’s clear that we are -- if you look at our strategy in terms of inorganic opportunities, we are scrubbing, we are reviewing, we are really trying to understand the whole technology environment. That’s where we are focused on. I have been saying this over quarters-and-quarters. We are not focused on asset management M&A in the developed markets. We are focused on if there is an inorganic opportunity in technology that adds more opportunities to be, as Gary said end-to-end provider, whether that’s a data provider or a new technology or AI, we will continue to be either building it or using it -- using opportunities to acquire and that’s what we are very much focused on and we have a whole team continuously looking at the whole ecosystem worldwide.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So, Gary, maybe just a refresher on some of the guidance that you guys provided in the beginning of the year, given the fact that markets move pretty considerably over the course of Q1, maybe how you guys thinking about outlook for G&A for the rest of the year. I think your original guide implies something a $1.6 billion kind of annual number, does that still hold and then any other comments around expenses would be helpful? Thanks.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Alex. I would say really short answer is no change in guidance. I think that, as we said at the beginning of the year, we are very focused on managing the entire discretionary expense base. We continue to see our 2019 kind of core level of G&A expense to be essentially flat to our core level for last year and we are continuing to invest. I mean, as always there are things that come up that are effectively kind of not manageable, so we saw another, let’s call it, I would say, roughly $15 million to $20 million of kind of like non-core G&A in this quarter between paying some fees to get eFront done and some more purchase price contingency, fair market value adjustments and some FX implications. But in terms of what we are managing, we are continuing to stick to the plan that we laid out for our Board in January. I think that we try to anticipate. We saw some volatility. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we are very much focused on the long-term not trying to manage doing margin on a quarter-to-quarter basis, obviously, we saw a lot of that beta back, which obviously better positioned us and I think we feel a little bit better with the markets where they are right now, when we went into our budgeting season back in the fall. But we are not going to continue to keep an eye down the field and play offense, and continue trying to optimize growth in the most efficient way possible.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jeremy Campbell from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Campbell: Hi. Thanks guys. Just wanted to ask a quick one on the advisory and other line, I know you guys had mentioned some items that moved it on a year-over-year and sequential basis, but it was a pretty big step down. And so, I guess, just what’s the outlook and how should we think about that line going forward from this lower 1Q type level?
Robert Kapito: So our other revenue line item is really made up of three main components. The biggest component frankly is an equity method investment that we have had for a number of years, which is, obviously, where we are getting our attributable share of somebody else’s earnings and that one is a little more complicated because we don’t control that. And that frankly on a quarter-over-quarter basis, I am sorry, year-over-year basis was the most significant change there. The other two businesses that are effectively in that is our FMA business, our Financial Markets Advisory business, as well as our transition investment management business. I would say those are both smaller revenue line items, where there is significantly more consistency and those are both businesses that are important to BlackRock that we continue to look to grow and annuitize as much as we can. Albeit both of those tend to have some what I would call more capital market centric elements to them. So they are a little bit really the biggest piece of that year-over-year change was the equity method now. I think everybody knows who that is and you guys can track that as well as we can.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from Ken Worthington from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Thank you for -- hi. Thank you for squeezing me in. Can you help us frame how iShares’ operating margins and iShares’ margins on incremental revenue have evolved over the last say two years or three years, clearly core is much bigger, fee rates are down, but assets are way up. So given the various cross-current, I was hoping to frame how margins might look in iShares and to what extent the significant growth in core and iShares overall have impacted the margins on incremental revenue there?
Gary Shedlin: So, Ken, as you know we tend -- we don’t talk margins of our individual businesses. We are very focused on a one BlackRock model to avoid all of our businesses operating at silos. It’s very important to our culture and it’s how we manage the business day-in and day-out. So we don’t have those types of fully allocated P&Ls for our businesses, because we don’t think of it in general is the right behavior day-to-day. I can help you on the revenue line item. I think back in December, we were at Goldman and we talked about what we see as effectively the long-term growth potential for iShares and ETFs. I think we outlined a 12% to 15% kind of topline asset growth rate. I think we do anticipate certain sectors growing faster than others, which is why we have tried to point people to an organic base fee rate that will be less than that. Historically, I think we have seen an organic base fee rate somewhere around 6 points to 7 points, less than that, which is part of the slide we put out at Goldman. Don’t hold me exactly for those numbers you will have to go see it, but I think that’s about what it was. And that takes into account both mix change in terms of faster growth in the core, but also as well as some of the strategic pricing investments we have made and we will likely continue to make that make sense for both clients and for our shareholders alike. This quarter in particular, we actually saw organic base fee growth equal to organic asset growth. It was right in the 7% area, and again, I think, that is a function again of about 40% of the flows being outside of the core and that’s an area whether it be fixed income, strategic beta factors, ESG or other precision exposures frankly that tend to be more capital markets centric and the importance of that obviously is that those are higher fee than the core itself and I think we do continue to believe very strongly that as we see growth in the core, we also see growth outside of the core as people are tactically allocating portfolios around the core ETFs. So that’s what I would tell you about the revenue. I think we feel very comfortable that that iShares business will be growing in excess of our 5% longer term growth target. But as it relates to specific margins, I will leave that to you guys to try and sort through, we don’t manage the business that way. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I do. I want to just thank everybody for joining this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock. I believe our first quarter results are directly linked to the investments we have made over time and our deep partnerships we built with our clients globally. I think we differentiated ourselves by continuing to leverage our scale. We continue to invest broad investment and technology platform to deliver value to our clients and shareholders. We are continuing to drive technology as a leading -- in the transformation of who BlackRock is and the transformation of how BlackRock works with our clients and we will continue to do that. With that everyone have a very nice spring and we will be talking to you sometime in July. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good Morning. My name is Jamie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lawrence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC. The results of BlackRock could differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks Chris. Good morning and happy new year to everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the fourth quarter and full year 2018. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I’ll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on as-adjusted results.  As a reminder for one last time, all year-over-year financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter and full-year results to recast financials reflecting the adoption of FASB’s revenue recognition accounting standard, which became effective on January 1, 2018.  In 2018, BlackRock delivered positive organic asset and base fee growth, increased year-over-year revenue, and expanded our operating margin while also maintaining an investment mindset and returning significant cash to shareholders. Our performance was sustained by the investments we have continuously made to leverage our scale and optimize our strategic positioning. We generated $123 billion of long-term net inflows during the year, representing 2% organic asset and 2% organic base fee growth, and achieved these results despite $92 billion of low fee institutional indexed equity outflows associated with client de-risking and a volatile equity market.  The stability of our operating model allowed us to continue to invest in high growth opportunities such as retirement, illiquid alternatives, ETFs, and factors. We also continued to extend our leadership in technology and lead the industry shift from product selection to portfolio construction, all while simultaneously expanding our full-year operating margin by 20 basis points to 44.3%. After investing for growth, we returned approximately $3.6 billion of cash to our shareholders during the year, an increase of over 30% from 2017. The strength of BlackRock’s diversified global investment and technology platform enabled us to continue to execute against our framework for long-term growth despite meaningful headwinds for the asset management industry. Global equity indices declined more than any year since the financial crisis, and almost every asset class but cash posted negative returns. U.S. and European ETF both declined 38% in 2018 and global active mutual funds saw outflows accelerate to record levels by year-end.  As BlackRock has historically demonstrated, environments like this create opportunities for growth as long as we have the discipline to realize them. Executing on this vision, however, requires that we move decisively to focus more limited resources where the impact will be greatest and make difficult decisions to reallocate in challenging markets. We view our ability to continue playing offense as critical to positioning us to deliver differentiated organic growth for the future. With that in mind, we recently undertook a restructuring to free up investment capacity for our most important growth opportunities by modifying the size and shape of our workforce. This resulted in a fourth quarter restructuring charge of $60 million primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization of previously granted deferred compensation awards for approximately 500 impacted employees or 3% of our global workforce. This charge appears as a single-line expense item on our 2018 GAAP income statement and has been excluded from our as-adjusted results. For the fourth quarter, BlackRock generated revenue of $3.4 billion and operating income of $1.3 billion, down 9% and 12% respectively from a year ago. Nonetheless, full year revenue of $14.2 billion was up 4% versus 2017 and operating income of $5.5 billion increased 5%. Earnings per share of $26.93 was up 20% versus 2017, reflecting the impact of a lower effective tax rate in 2018.  Non-operating expense for the quarter totaled $72 million, reflecting lower marks on unhedged seed capital investments. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 21%. We currently estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax rate for 2019, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on tax legislation.  Fourth quarter base fees of $2.8 billion were down 4% year over year despite positive organic base fee growth over the period and the impact of recent acquisitions, reflecting the negative effects of beta and FX and lower borrowing demand for securities lending in the current quarter. Full-year base fees were up 6% for 2018 but we entered 2019 with an annualized base fee run rate approximately 6% lower than last year as a result of significant global equity market declines, which reduced BlackRock’s AUM by approximately $500 billion [ph] in the fourth quarter alone. Fourth quarter performance fees of $100 million declined 65% year over year, reflecting lower fees from liquid alternatives and long-only products in a very challenging year for the hedge fund industry. Underperformance during the fourth quarter will also impact performance fees for 2019 as certain quarterly and annual locking funds are below high watermarks entering the year. While we’re seeing significant growth in our illiquid alternatives business, performance fees from these products are generally not booked until capital is returned to clients and represent a source of meaningful longer term future growth. Quarterly technology services revenue grew 15% year over year, driving record full-year technology services revenue of $785 million as an outsized number of new institutional Aladdin clients went live in 2018, and we expanded our range of digital wealth and distribution technologies. We continue to target low to mid-teens growth in technology services revenue over the longer term.  Total expense increased 4% in 2018 driven primarily by higher G&A expense, volume-related expense, and compensation. Fourth quarter G&A expense was up 9% sequentially primarily due to planned seasonally higher levels of marketing and promotional spend. Similar to the third quarter, the current quarter also included $31 million of contingent consideration fair value adjustments. This was primarily related to improved expectations of achieving specified performance targets on prior acquisitions and lowered quarterly as-adjusted operating margin by approximately 100 basis points.  G&A expense increased 13% in 2018, reflecting higher planned levels of technology, data, and marketing spend. Approximately 50% of the year-over-year increase in G&A expense was comprised of non-core items such as deal, tax, Brexit-related professional fees, contingent consideration fair value adjustments, product launch costs, and FX re-measurement expense. While we continually focus on managing our entire discretionary expense base, we would currently expect 2019 G&A expense to be essentially flat to our core level of spend in 2018. Direct fund expense was up $103 million or 12% in 2018, primarily reflecting higher average AUM as a result of growth in our iShares franchise. For the full year, compensation expense increased $68 million or 2%, primarily reflecting higher headcount and higher operating income offset by lower levels of performance fees. Our full-year comp-to-revenue ratio of 34.4% declined 110 basis points versus 2017. The decline was primarily associated with lower performance fees, the impact of ongoing technology investments, and successful implementation of our iHub strategy. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we determine compensation on a full-year basis. We see significant opportunities to better serve clients in this environment and BlackRock remains committed to investing in key growth areas. As evidenced by our recent restructuring, we are always margin aware and remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible.  Away from the P&L, we also prudently used our balance sheet to position the business for continued success. During 2018, we allocated $1.2 billion of new seed or co-investment capital to our products, resulting in a net increase to our total portfolio of approximately $500 million. We closed the strategic acquisitions of Citibanamex Asset Management, furthering our goal to be a full solutions provider in Mexico, and Tennenbaum Capital Partners, enhancing our private credit capabilities. In addition, we continued to expand our technology portfolio with minority investments in Acorns, the country’s fastest-growing micro-investing app, and Envestnet, a leading provider of intelligent systems for wealth management and financial wellness.  We remain committed to returning excess cash to shareholders through our combination of dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased approximately $1.7 billion worth of shares in 2018, including $525 million in the fourth quarter as we sought to take advantage of attractive relative valuation opportunities in the current market environment. Since inception of our current capital management strategy in 2013, we have now repurchased almost $7 billion of BlackRock stock, reducing our outstanding total shares by 7%.  At present, based on our capital spending plans for the year and subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we would anticipate share repurchases aggregating at least $1.2 billion during 2019. In addition, consistent with our predictable and balanced approach to capital management, our board of directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $3.30 per share, representing an increase of 5% over the current level. BlackRock is having deeper and more strategic conversations with a greater number of clients than ever before, even as many clients are deferring investment decisions and de-risking in the face of an uncertain market landscape. Fourth quarter long-term net inflows of $44 billion representing 3% annualized organic AUM and base fee growth were led by flows into strategic focus areas, including iShares, multi-asset strategies, and illiquid alternatives partially offset by continued outflows from lower fee institutional indexed equities. Global iShares generated $168 billion of net inflows for the year, representing 10% organic growth for 2018. Importantly, we saw momentum into year-end as seasonal tax planning, growth in fee-based wealth management, and demand for efficient exposure supported by significant market liquidity generated back-to-back record net inflow months in November and December. Fourth quarter iShares net inflows of $81 billion represented our highest flow quarter on record and an annualized organic growth rate of 18%.  Forty-nine iShares ETFs had over $1 billion in net inflows in 2018, and we once again captured the number one industry share of global, U.S., European, equity and fixed income ETF flows for the year. Strength in the iShares core continued in 2018 with $106 billion of net inflows, almost twice that of the next largest player, representing approximately 45% share of industry for ETF flows. Equally important, during the fourth quarter about 60% of iShares net flows were in higher fee ETFs, including financial instruments and precision exposures outside the core.  BlackRock generated full-year retail net inflows of $21 billion in a challenging year for the mutual fund industry, which experienced historic outflows in December. BlackRock’s inflows were led by our broad active fixed income range, our multi-asset income fund, and liquid alternatives. Retail outflows in the fourth quarter were driven by active fixed income, reflecting industry pressures in the unconstrained and high yield categories where we have significant market share. Unconstrained products were impacted by the volatile rate environment as investors shifted into short duration mutual funds and ETFs. High yield and emerging market debt funds experienced outflows driven by risk-off sentiment and credit.  BlackRock’s institutional franchise generated 2% organic base fee growth for the year, reflecting strength in illiquid alternatives, multi-asset solutions, and liability driven investment strategies despite almost $100 billion of low fee indexed equity outflows and elevated active fixed income outflows, which reflected several large client redemptions associated with client M&A, cash repatriation, and manager consolidation. In a record year for our illiquid alternatives business, BlackRock now has approximately $23 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of illiquid strategies, representing almost $170 million in incremental base fees and the opportunity for significant performance fees over time.  Finally, BlackRock’s cash management platform continues to increase share by leveraging scale and delivering transformative distribution and risk management technology through both Cachematrix and Aladdin. While full year 2018 net inflows were impacted by two large planned redemptions totaling almost $40 billion, bas fees grew 9%.  In summary, our diversified business model once again delivered differentiated organic growth, record technology services revenue, operating leverage, and significant capital return in 2018. We are committed to continuously evolving, investing in and disrupting our platform to benefit client needs. We believe BlackRock’s platform is as well positioned as ever to meet client needs and deliver long-term value for shareholders. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Larry Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning everyone and happy new year. BlackRock’s performance in 2018 reflects the deeper partnerships we are building with clients through our solution-based approach. We have consistently and strategically invested to create the most diverse global asset management and technology services firm in the world, and we’re having more comprehensive conversations with more clients today than any time in our history. Our ability to deliver investment strategies from ETFs to alternatives to our industry-leading portfolio construction and risk management technology, and our historic deep capital markets expertise through the BlackRock Investment Institute is what differentiates BlackRock and helps us with our clients worldwide. The diversity of our platform is reflected in our results. We generated $124 billion of net inflows in 2018 despite, as Gary discussed, over $90 billion of low fee institutional indexed equity outflows as some of our clients, many of whom are global, de-risked against a difficult market backdrop. Seven different countries and 59 different products each generated more than a billion dollars of net inflows. Our Aladdin and Digital Wealth technologies are accessible to clients now in more than 50 different countries, including thousands of wealth advisors who serve millions of end investors.  2018 was marked by heightened uncertainty about the future. Political, economic and social outlooks globally remain clouded and unclear, which resulted in extreme periods of volatility in the financial markets. For only the second time in nearly 30 years, annual market returns were negative in both global bonds and in equities. Throughout the year and particularly in the fourth quarter, U.S. rate policy, tightening financial conditions, and a deepened concern regarding economic growth and corporate profitability dragged down equity performance throughout all the world indexes. The impact of a weak growth backdrop on European markets was exacerbated by concerns over the Italy budget deficits, the outlook for Brexit, the rising populism in France, and governmental changes and populism in Spain.  For most of the year, the emerging market was impacted by a stronger dollar, by trade tensions, a developing anxiety with slower growth in China, and other country-specific risks continue to put asset prices and currencies under pressure. Sentiment shifted from cautious to negative, which impacted investor behaviors amongst institutions and individuals, and 2019 began with many clients de-risking and sitting on cash, waiting for greater market certainty.  A year ago, rising market volatility and filing correlations suggested an environment where the investment industry’s traditional active equity strategies were primed to deliver alpha. Not only did that not happen in 2018 but once again the industry under-performed in their equity returns, and what we witnessed, especially in the fourth quarter, industry outflows hit a record level especially as taxable investors took the opportunities to harvest losses.  What we are seeing more than ever before, and we believe this trend is going to continue and this trend will continue to benefit BlackRock, we are seeing clients are fundamentally questioning the composition of their portfolios. The industry is shifting form an approach of picking products or stocks to one of building portfolios. As a result, both clients’ needs and our industry are changing rapidly. This all along has been BlackRock’s approach - a focus on client outcomes and building better portfolios to help clients achieve better outcomes. Our strength in this area driven by our diverse investment platform and our portfolio construction technology will lead to future organic growth for BlackRock.  We’re seeing an acceleration of barbelling in client portfolios with index and ETFs and factors on one hand, and illiquid alternatives on the other hand. The demand has never been greater for technology to manage risk and build more resilient portfolios. BlackRock always has been willing to aggressively embrace change. We have strategically invested in our business over time to build strength in ETFs, in our alternative business, and our world-leading technology business, and the benefits of these investments are clear. In the fourth quarter, we saw record flows in iShares, record flows in the commitment of our illiquid alternatives, and record levels of technology services revenues. BlackRock generated $10 billion of net inflows in our core alternative business in 2018, more than a tenfold increase from the year before. Flows reflected strong fundraising and the successful deployment of capital. We now manage more than $80 billion in committed and invested capital for our clients across platforms of infrastructure, credit, real estate, and private equity strategies.  Our institutional client rebalancing survey suggests that in 2019, institutions including pensions and insurance companies in particular are anticipating allocating more assets to illiquid strategies. As demand increases, BlackRock is well positioned to generate differentiated growth in this strategic high growth asset class by leveraging the benefits of our technology, our global reach, and our scale.  At the other end of the barbell, ETFs are playing an even greater role in client portfolios, and BlackRock is leading the industry. Fourth quarter was the strongest in iShares history with $81 billion of net inflows, driven by records in November and December. We continue to see growth in January, with about $13 billion of flows. More and more clients are choosing ETFs as a preferred investment vehicle because of their superior structure relative to the mutual fund industry, including liquidity and, most importantly, tax efficiency. Clients who faced large tax bills while their equity mutual funds delivered negative active returns experienced this firsthand and shifted to ETFs in the fourth quarter. Institutional clients are using ETFs express risk-on, risk-off views, tactical asset allocation decisions, and our distribution partners also are recognizing iShares as a technology to white label as part of their broader solutions. We believe white labeling iShares, as we are doing this with RBC in Canada, will lead to much greater opportunities with more distribution partners going forward worldwide.  Growth in iShares will continue to be driven by long term secular tailwinds. The trends towards efficient, transparent, low-cost vehicles is accelerating the adoption of iShares’ core funds, as Gary mentioned. Three of the industry’s top four ETFs in terms of net new assets this year were iShares core ETFs: our IVV, our S&P fund; IEFA, a fund for developed international market exposures, and IEMG, our core emerging market fund. But this movement to greater efficiencies, transparency and simplicity in portfolios extends well beyond core. We extended our lead in fixed income ETFs with inflows into shorter duration strategies towards year end as clients took a more defensive posture. iShares’ factor ETFs also had record inflows this year with client demand for minimum volatility funds increasing in the fourth quarter, making us a leader in the factor ETF and in the factor investing more broadly. Our sustainable strategies are seeing new demand from investors from around the world. Fixed income factors and sustainable iShares saw a record of $68 billion of net inflows in 2018, representing organic growth of 16%. I believe we are at the early stages of growth in each of those categories.  We estimate ESG ETF assets globally will grow by $400 billion in the next decade, and we are investing in our product range, our portfolio tools, and data disclosures to lead in that category. We generated $3 billion of net inflows into our sustainable iShares funds globally in 2018, more than double our results from 2017. During the fourth quarter, BlackRock launched the iShares sustainable core to enable investors to combine purpose and performance as the core of their portfolios.  We are also making iShares more accessible, especially in the wealth management landscape. We announced last week the strategic alliance with RBC Global Asset Management to offer Canadian investors 150 ETFs under the RBC iShares brand. This alliance enhances BlackRock’s ability to serve Canadian wealth management through RBC’s distribution strength and innovation in index, factors, and active ETFs.  One of the main drivers of ETF flows among wealth clients has been the adoption of managed portfolios. We expect this to continue but we actually expect this to be growing and providing greater force, and also providing much more global scale. Managed portfolios provide advisors with asset allocation solutions across the risk spectrum, populated with transparent low cost, tax efficient funds which help them scale their practice while meeting their clients’ goals. This is increasing the need for strategic asset management partnerships that can offer a range of investment, portfolio construction, and technology solutions. As I’ve said repeatedly over the many quarters, no organization can provide that to the wealth management sector of having investment, portfolio construction, and technology solutions all together, and it is that uniqueness that gives us the opportunity to build our relationship with more and more wealth management organizations. BlackRock is the most comprehensive partner for wealth managers looking to build better, more resilient portfolios for investors. We have the building blocks, the portfolio construction expertise and the digital capabilities, including Aladdin Wealth and Advisor Center. We launched Aladdin Wealth at Morgan Stanley in the fourth quarter, reaching 16,000 financial advisors. We also announced a strategic partnership with Envestnet, connecting BlackRock to more than 93,000 independent financial advisors on their platform. BlackRock’s differentiated ability to provide wealth management with sophisticated technology drove retail inflows of $21 billion for the year, in contrast to the broad large-scale outflows that the mutual fund industry saw.  Our focus on technology is benefiting us in other areas of our business, like cash management. With cash becoming a more attractive asset class as rates rise, BlackRock’s cash management strategies are becoming an increasing important part of our clients’ portfolios. Our technology-first distribution strategy is resonating and we saw a 9% increase year over year in growth in our base fees. BlackRock’s cash platform is differentiated by our scale, our integrated Cachematrix technology, our risk management, and our unique ability to create tailored liquidity solutions.  Aladdin and Wealth Technology not only is driving accelerated flows for our investment products but also consistent technology services revenues for the firm. Nineteen percent annual growth was driven by a strong year of institutional Aladdin implementations. Industry consolidated and regulatory requirements, among other trends, are driving more demand for more holistic, flexible technology solutions, and BlackRock’s technology platform is very well positioned to capitalize on the growing needs by more institutions seeking this type of technology. We recently announced an exciting collaboration with Microsoft to address the growing retirement challenges in the U.S. We are combining Microsoft’s technology strengths with BlackRock’s investment capabilities to jointly explore next-generation retirement solutions. Our goal is simplifying the saving process and enabling people to make better investment decisions that lead to secure financial futures, and there will be much more to talk about in the future. We believe we will be able to grow considerably in our retirement solution business going forward with this partnership that we have with Microsoft and the new types of digital solutions that we’re going to be able to provide. Everything we are doing reflects our focus on the long term. This focus helps keep us ahead of the changes in the market, staying in front of the needs of our clients and making sure that we’re staying in front of our industry. It helps us prepare to solve our clients’ most pressing investment challenges and it guides our investments in our own business so that we are efficiently providing the full breadth of BlackRock’s capabilities and our scale for our clients, for our employees, and for our shareholders.  It is this focus on the long term that drives us to reshape our organization and make difficult but necessary decisions that position us for the best possible path forward. As Gary mentioned, our restructuring effort resulted in a number of valued colleagues and friends leaving the firm, and we greatly appreciate the contributions they made to BlackRock.  BlackRock’s focus remains on the long term and how we can best serve our clients over time. We see tremendous opportunities for our firm and industry that will require us to aggressively embrace change and continue to evolve as an organization. We’re looking at every aspect of how we operate and how we manage the organization. We are moving people into new roles to fully leverage their talents. We are leveraging our technology in new ways and we are making sure that our scale, which is a key competitive advantage, remains a benefit and gives us that unique ability to work with our clients.  BlackRock’s differentiated platform showed resilience. We generated net inflows and increased revenues and increased operating income while investing for our future growth, which is essential in creating long-term value for our clients and long-term value for our shareholders. We will continue to strategically invest in BlackRock. We will target those areas where we see the highest future growth potential. The ecosystem that we operate in is shifting from product selection to a whole portfolio approach, the digitization of asset management, and achieving scale in high growth markets around the world so that we can better deliver outcomes for our clients, opportunities for our employees, and strong consistent returns for our shareholders.  With that, let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. 
Larry Fink: Hi Alex, good morning.
Alex Blostein: Hi Larry, good morning everybody. First question around just the strength in the iShares business, and particularly I was hoping to kind of zone in on the events of late December. You guys have seen considerable strength there in light of--despite, actually I should say, de-risking and substantial outflows from mutual funds. Any additional color you could provide there would be helpful, just to think about how the customer base reacted in the utilization of the product in what I would imagine would have been more of a risk-off scenario.
Larry Fink: Sure, I’ll let Rob start it off and I may conclude that answer.
Rob Kapito: So we saw, obviously as you heard Larry say, strong iShares flows in the fourth quarter, but this year the activity was very high because of people that wanted to take risk off, do more tax efficient trades, and what they looked to do is to move out of their current products into a more defensive product, and it made a lot of sense. They moved primarily into short-duration product and, more importantly, they moved into precision products that are of course higher fee, like EEM and HYG. This was done in larger volume than I think anyone would have expected. 81 billion inflows is the highest flow quarter in iShares history, and it was broad - $61 billion went into equities even as the equity market fell dramatically, which should answer questions about how ETFs will perform in a volatile and bear market, we had no instances of any issues or anybody had any issues with liquidity; $19 billion in fixed income, and $2 billion in multi-asset and alternative ETFs. So this was an important way for our clients to get defensive very quickly, to utilize the tax efficiency which is a very important feature of this wrapper versus a mutual fund, and to quickly use the liquidity in the market when, as you know, in the equity markets there was a lot of issue with liquidity, especially in late December. So they performed as we would have expected and as we predicted. The use of them was some of the best features of iShares, and we were the beneficiary of that volatility, and even though we may have had outflows in other areas, the benefit of having such a diversified portfolio is that we were able to capture the outflows back in inflows in different areas and different products, and as Gary mentioned a lot of those went to actually the higher fee ETFs that we have.
Larry Fink: Let me add a little bit more, Alex. I truly believe it’s becoming more recognized, the superior nature of the ETF structure versus a mutual fund. We’ve heard many instances in which--many mutual funds who had negative NAV at the end of the year, but they also had capital gains taxes that they were identifying to their clients, and their clients in many cases just got quite aggravated by paying taxes with a negative NAV. Obviously with an ETF, you control your tax basis, and I think this is becoming a bigger and bigger issue. Navigating for the long term your tax position for taxable individuals and institutions is very important. We also believe the movement in the wealth management space away from stocks and products, navigating more towards models and portfolio construction, we are seeing elevated and continually elevated flows into ETFs. We think that trend is beginning. It wasn’t something that was short in nature. We believe that will continue throughout 2019 and maybe ’20, and this is one of the reasons why we continue to believe the ETF industry is going to continue to grow very largely, and I think the big surprise in the fourth quarter, as you suggest, was in a very volatile negative marketplace, you’re seeing portfolio reallocations being done out of mutual funds because we had elevated mutual fund outflows as an industry and into ETFs.  I also believe people are starting to think about ETFs more as a technology, not just a product. If you think about what makes companies really good, a lot of people ride on convenience. The convenience of ETFs versus other instruments far outweighs the other instruments, and I do believe the key towards ETFs and the convenience is now becoming an accelerant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Larry Fink: Hi Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. I wanted to see if you could share any additional color on the large redemptions in Asia, and also the institutional equity index in just the fourth quarter, because it looks like they both could be related, and I wanted to see if it included maybe one or two very large client outflows. Also just kind of as a little follow-up here, if you can share any fee rate color on the outflows in Asia or institutional equity index, that would be helpful too.
Larry Fink: Sure, I’ll let Gary begin with that and I’ll follow up.
Gary Shedlin: Good morning, Craig. We clearly have been seeing accelerated activity in redemptions in our institutional index equity book. I think a couple things are important there. One is to remember that this is really a scaled offering for some of our largest institutional clients, and while institutional index equity represents roughly a quarter of our assets under management, it only accounts for 6% of our base fees. When you strip out the impact of securities lending, the average effective fee rate on that book is around three basis points. As you correctly identify, we had fourth quarter outflows there. I would say that they were almost entirely driven by on a net basis by one large institutional client in A-Pac, and when you look at this on a full-year basis, I think there were some broader trends, really primarily linked to de-risking, asset allocation and cash needs by official institutions, primarily outside of the U.S. as well as DV plans in the U.S. Given the outflows in many cases are really from our more significant scale clients, the average fee rates on those outflows are in fact generally lower than the overall three basis point fee rate that I quoted on the general book. But again, keeping it into broader perspective, we look at the institutional business as a broad-based business. We saw continued demand from clients for our higher fee products - illiquid alternatives, multi-asset solutions, OCIO, LDI strategies to name a few, and in fact notwithstanding those low fee institutional outflows for the year which made the net flows go negative for the year, we actually generated 2% organic base fee growth in the institutional business overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW. 
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning, and happy new year. 
Larry Fink: Happy new year.
Robert Lee: Thank you. Larry, I’m curious - I mean, maybe you hinted at this a little bit, but as you survey and think about the kind of changing landscape out there in terms of distribution and products and how you access clients, and maybe the Microsoft partnership is an example of this, but do you think it’s imperative or a need that you have direct access to the end retail investor at some point, as opposed to obviously institutions? Is that part of how you’re thinking about this Microsoft partnership, is that you may be able to develop some solutions that can get you directly to the end investor instead of through intermediaries?
Larry Fink: Our business model is not changing at all. Where we believe our retirement solution business, especially with Microsoft, is going to go is working with our institutional clients through their DC plans and providing technology to assist our DC plan clients to provide the technology for them to better serve their employees. It is not for us to go direct; it is providing technology to help the companies have deeper, better connections with their employees, and one thing that we have seen, there has been a separation between the employer and the employee as defined contributions have become the dominant form of retirement. Historically when you had a defined benefit plan, there was an emotional, legal connection between the employer and employee, and in an era now of 3%-ish unemployment, whatever the level is - 3.7%, more and more companies are trying to find better connectivity with their employees to have better retention. But also, I believe going forward corporations are going to have greater responsibility and needs in terms of working with their employees to have their employees to have more confidence in their retirement plans.  We are developing the technology and, I should say, the pipes to tech-enable our clients, not for us to go direct ourselves but to have deeper connections, and we believe having that type of pipe and technology is going to be a way that we can enhance our value chain. It certainly is going to build more opportunities to build deeper relationships and ultimately more flows. It also can connect what we’re doing with Aladdin for wealth, where I believe it’s going to be transformational for BlackRock over the next 10 years. That is going to allow us to have deeper connection with the financial advisor. We have already heard examples where those wealth advisors who are using Aladdin for wealth, they have been able to secure bigger assignments from their clients because they’re providing their clients with better transparency of their portfolio, better risk analytics for their portfolio.  Our job is to enable our distribution platforms. Our job is to enable our institutional clients with better pipes and technology, and that’s how we believe we could generate robust opportunities which will entail better flows, but most importantly deeper and better connected relationships that will sustain ourselves over many years to come. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
Larry Fink: Hey Bill, happy new year.
Brian Wu: Hi, good morning. This is Brian Wu on for Bill Katz. Thank you for taking my question. Regarding the cost saving initiatives, could you provide some color on areas of potential reallocation or reinvestment of those savings, in what geographies, business lines or areas of technology you would likely focus on? Thank you.
Rob Kapito: Sure, I’ll take that. I think the goal of this restructuring, as it was a couple years ago when we last took a similar approach, is in a market where we’ve seen beta take over $500 billion off of our assets and obviously a significant amount of revenue off of our entry rate for the year, we continue to believe that the model that we have here really affords us the opportunity to continue to play offense. We see some amazing opportunities for growth. Our desire is to really take advantage of a marketplace where a number of participants in the industry are being forced to cut back more than they would like, and so we are doing everything we can to be as disciplined and as smart as possible to continue our growth standpoint. That obviously takes some challenges. We’ve got to basically move decisively to make sure we’re focusing those more limited resources where the impact will be greatest, and that’s why we took the recent steps to modify the size and shape of the organization.  Recall that we’re global, so I think really everything that we’re talking about and the areas that we’re focused on are all entirely global, so it’s less really about a geographic targeting, and in fact some of the areas that we’ve identified for growth are in fact geographic in nature, like A-Pac and China in particular; but the key areas for us that we’re focused on making sure we continue to invest in are ETFs, multi-asset solutions, illiquids, and technology. When we talk about technology, that’s broad-based technology, that’s technology in terms of Aladdin and Aladdin Wealth. In particular, it’s technology to continue to help drive better investment decisions, it’s technology to leverage our distribution capabilities, and obviously to continue to invest in the infrastructure and the operational efficiency of the firm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Just on the active franchise, so active equity sales seemed to hold up really well this quarter. I think you even had retail active equity inflows despite what we all saw was a terrible fund flow quarter for the industry. You’ve clearly made various changes to the active equity product both in terms of distribution and pricing, so at least on the equity side, what do you think is resonating or why did both the institutional and retail active equity businesses hold up so well?  Then on the other side, active fixed income, we saw that sort of same challenging market environment in credit that we saw in equities, and retail and institutional investors stepped up the active fixed income outflows and I think you mentioned high yield and unconstrained on the retail side. But given the same challenging environment for both credit and equities, why did equities hold up so much better than fixed income on the active side?
Larry Fink: I’m going to let Gary answer most of the question, but let me--I think what we did in our U.S. domestic equity platform resonated. We actually had good returns in many of our U.S. equity platform and that certainly created a stability that we didn’t see in 2017, just the relative nature and the results of that change. We did see outflows, though, in some of our European products where we actually had core return, so I don’t want to--. We are seeing evidence of our portfolio team changes having an impact where we made changes. We still have more work to do. On the fixed income side, I think we saw elevated outflows predominantly because of the huge rally in fixed income rates in December, when we saw rates go from as high as, on the 10-year, 3.20 to the 2.60 range and I think many people were just taking profits. We saw some people get out of some fixed income active funds to go into our low duration ETFs, and so we saw asset allocation, some cannibalization. As Rob suggested, though, we actually picked up share in the fixed income side through our ETF platform, so I don’t think there was one single trend that we could give specifics, other than we are starting to see positive response by the client base related to our restructuring of our U.S. equity team that Mark Wiseman did, and we had positive returns Rob or Gary, do you want to fill it in more?
Gary Shedlin: Yes, I think--well look, on the active equities side, when you look at both fundamental and systematic, I think on the institutional side we definitely saw some lower levels of outflows for the quarter. On the retail side, I think we’ve seen some benefit from our advantage series, which was part of our restructuring of our equity business about 18 months ago, which was a recognition of trying to migrate to a lower fee, more quantitative model. I think that’s actually benefited us and has done very well. We’ve recently launched that feature as well. I think on the retail side more generally, though, on equities, keep in mind that there is some seasonal impact of capital gains reinvestment that we see in the quarter, that always helps the fourth quarter a little bit. On the fixed income side, I think on the retail side we talked about some industry-wide outflows in both unconstrained and high yield, migration to the shorter duration product as well as just risk-off sentiment in high yield that basically impacted the entire industry, and obviously we have very significant market share in both of those products.
Larry Fink: But I’m pleased to say in high yield, we actually had really good performance, so I think it was, as Gary just said, was a risk-off situation but as long as we continue to drive good performance, when there’s risk on again, we’ll benefit.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. 
Larry Fink: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Carrier: Morning. Gary, one question for you just on the expense side. Maybe just a few clarifications - just on the G&A, given that throughout 2018 there was some items in that line, when you’re talking about keeping that kind of flat in this environment for 2019, just wanted to try to get a sense of what base you’re thinking that comes off of. Then just from an environmental standpoint, I think in 2018 you mentioned if the environment continues as you kind of expect and the comp ratio would trend lower, so when we think about the comp ratio in 2019 and beyond, given some of the restructuring plus some of the investments that you guys are making, just wanted to get an update there on how you’re thinking about navigating that.
Gary Shedlin: Sure, so on the G&A side, the way I would think about it is we referenced the fact that our G&A went up year-over-year about $200 million. I would say that in our view, about half of that are what we could consider non-budgetable-slash-manageable items, so we have FX re-measurement, we have the purchase price contingencies that are obviously more one-time in nature and have revenue hopefully associated with that going forward. We tend to have some product launch costs tied to booking costs on closed-end funds that may launch in any given year, and then last year in particular we had a number--we had some elevated professional fees as it related to some M&A deals, obviously Brexit preparations as well as tax planning across the organization.  About 50% of that increase effectively of that $200 million, I would attribute to those non-core items, so hopefully that gives you a sense when we talk about--looking at last year, you know, my sense is that $100 million, to the extent we don’t have to see that again this year, is something that we would expect to decline year-over-year. So if you’re looking at it more on a full-year basis of stated last year to what we would hopefully expect this year on a more core basis, my guess is it’s down in the 3% to 4% type of area.  On the compensation, you asked a good question on compensation. We did see a decline year over year of roughly 110 basis points in comp to revenue, and as we’ve mentioned, obviously that’s driven in part by a continued strategy to embrace technology more broadly and to leverage our iHubs. When I talk about iHubs, we now have one in India, we have Budapest, and as you know, we’re planning on getting more ramped up in Atlanta. So as we continue to leverage that, that change the shape of the organization and obviously hopefully scale benefits do the same, which tends to drive our comp to revenue down. This year, we did have lower performance fees. Lower performance fees tend on the margin to have higher comp associated with them because teams get paid and then the rest of the employees get the benefit of that, so I would say that in stable markets and over the long term, we would clearly expect our compensation as a percent of revenue to decline as a function of continued investment and increased scale in our business.  We’ve talked about that resulting in an upward bias, however in the near term I think we could see some lumpiness in that trend. Obviously beta has declined fairly significantly - we talked about going into the year with a 6% lower run rate than last year. We’re obviously going to have to make sure that we protect our most important assets, which are our human capital, and we’ve been making some recent growth initiatives in things like obviously acquisitions around TCP or Tennenbaum and trying to get our long term LTPC in place, which is going to require us to basically make some one-time investments of deferred comp that could run off over the next few years. I think with that being said, I don’t think there’s any change in our long term trend, but we could see a little bit of lumpiness in the near term.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Larry Fink: Thank you, Operator. Thanks again for everyone joining us this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock. I believe our 2018 results are directly linked to the investments we made over time. Results are deeply connected to our deep partnerships we have developed and built with our clients globally through our solution-based approach, and we are going to continue to leverage our differentiated scale. We’re going to continue to invest in the investment and technology capabilities, and I believe it is those investments - those investments in technology, those investments in working with our clients worldwide, is going to continue to deliver value to our clients but just as importantly, value and opportunities for our shareholders.  Have a good start of the year. It started off okay, and let’s hope everyone has a very good 2018. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher J. Meade - General Counsel Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and CEO Gary S. Shedlin - CFO Robert S. Kapito - President
Analysts: Dan Fannon - Jefferies Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch William Katz - Citi
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2018. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial information, I will be focusing primarily on as-adjusted results. As a reminder, all year-over-year financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter results to recast financials reflecting the adoption of FASB's revenue recognition accounting standard, which became effective on January 1. During our second quarter earnings call, we noted that clients were deferring investment decisions in the face of an uncertain and evolving investment landscape. While we saw a modest pickup in industry flows during the third quarter, primarily attributable to ETFs, we also saw accelerated de-risking by many clients in an environment marked by continued trade tensions, a further slowdown in emerging markets, and a steepening yield curve. Against this backdrop, more clients are looking to BlackRock for investment guidance and technology solutions than ever before. Despite current headwinds impacting the asset management industry, our globally diversified business model enables us to stay committed to and continually invest in our highest growth businesses such as iShares, multi-asset solutions, illiquid alternatives, and Aladdin. These investments will enable us to deliver differentiated organic growth for the future. BlackRock generated $11 billion of long-term net inflows in the third quarter, despite over $30 billion of institutional index equity outflows. Quarterly net inflows were positive across our iShares and active fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives platforms. Third quarter revenue of $3.6 billion increased 2% year-over-year, while operating income of $1.4 billion rose by 1%. Earnings per share of $7.52 were up 27% compared to a year-ago, driven primarily by higher nonoperating income and a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter. Nonoperating results for the quarter reflected $63 million of net investment income driven in large part by gains related to the sale of our minority interest in DSP Group, and the revaluation of a strategic minority investment. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 16% and included $90 million of discrete benefits primarily related to changes in our organizational tax structure. We continue to estimate that 23% is a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2018. However, the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of nonrecurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on or changes to our analysis of last year's tax reform legislation. Third quarter base fees of $2.9 billion were up 4% year-over-year, driven primarily by market appreciation and organic base fee growth, offset by previously announced pricing investments in iShares. Sequentially, base fees were down 2% compared to the second quarter reflecting seasonally lower securities lending revenue, the negative impact of foreign exchange movement and our recent iShares pricing investments, partially offset by a higher day count in the third quarter. Our overall fee rate declined by about 0.6 basis point sequentially as base fee growth lagged overall growth in average AUM, primarily reflecting seasonally lower securities lending revenue and the impact of divergent beta as emerging markets and commodities continue to underperform developed markets. While the S&P 500, which generally tracks products with lower fee rates was up approximately 10% over the 6 months ended September 30, higher fee emerging markets exposures were down 10% on a dollar basis over that same time period. As a consequence of beta divergence intensifying toward the end of the quarter, our fourth quarter base fee entry rate will be lower than overall third quarter base fees. Performance fees of $151 million decreased $40 million year-over-year, reflecting lower fees from liquid alternative and long-only funds in a challenging environment for the hedge fund industry. Sequentially, performance fees increased as a result of a single European hedge fund that once again delivered exceptional full-year performance and locks annually in the third quarter. Continued momentum in institutional Aladdin and expansion of our digital wealth and distribution technologies resulted in 18% year-over-year growth in quarterly technology services revenue. While overall demand remains strong for our full range of technology solutions, 2018 has thus far been a particularly strong year for Aladdin, reflecting an outsized number of new clients sourced during the prior year and successfully implemented during the last 9 months. We continue to target low to mid teens growth for our technology business over the long term. Total expense increased 3% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher G&A and volume related expense. Quarterly G&A expense of $413 million reflected higher technology spend and included $13 million of deal-related expense related to strategic transactions completed during the quarter and $29 million of contingent consideration fair value adjustments related to prior acquisitions. At present, we would anticipate fourth quarter G&A to include normal, seasonally higher levels of marketing and promotional spend. Direct fund expense was up $18 million or 8% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average AUM as a result of significant growth in our iShares franchise. Our third quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 44.2% was down 90 basis points year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower performance fees and the $42 million of transaction-related expenses in the current quarter. We remain margin aware especially in the current environment, but will continue to thoughtfully invest in our higher growth businesses to ensure we meet the needs of clients in this rapidly changing ecosystem. In line with that commitment, we closed several strategic transactions during the quarter that added a net $28 billion to our AUM and will accelerate our growth. We closed the acquisitions of Citibanamex Asset Management, furthering our goal to be a full solutions provider in Mexico and Tennenbaum Capital Partners, enhancing our private credit capabilities. In addition, we completed the transfer of our UK Defined Contribution Administration business to Aegon and the sale of our minority interest in DSP. We also repurchased $500 million worth of common shares during the third quarter, $200 million greater than our planned quarterly run rate as we saw attractive relative valuation opportunities in our stock during this time. Quarterly long-term net inflows of $11 billion were led by flows into strategic focus areas, including iShares, multi-asset strategies, and illiquid alternatives offset by outflows from lower fee, institutional index equity products. Global iShares generated quarterly net inflows of $34 billion, driven by continued strong demand from long-term investors in our core franchise. iShares flows beyond the quarter rebounded after a challenging second quarter, delivering net inflows of $13 billion driven by fixed income. Flows were well diversified across long duration treasuries, corporate bond, high yield and emerging market debt ETFs. Fidelity's decision to reduce overall barriers to investing and triple the number of commission free iShares available on their direct and adviser platforms resulted in the strongest August iShares inflows in the 5-year history of our strategic relationship. We believe that actions by direct platforms to reduce transaction costs will accelerate ETF industry growth, especially as more iShares are now available commission free than ever before. Retail net inflows of $2 billion reflected strength in active fixed income led by municipals, unconstrained and high yield strategies, and event driven liquid alternative funds, partially offset by outflows from non-U.S equities. In the United States, our active strategies continue to see positive organic growth and gain market share even as the domestic retail industry continues to see outflows. Institutional net outflows of $25 billion resulted primarily from over $30 billion of index equity outflows as clients continued to de-risk, rebalance or seek liquidity in the current environment. Despite overall institutional net outflows, we saw continued demand for multi-asset solutions OCIO, LDI, fixed income and illiquid alternatives. Momentum in our illiquid alternatives franchise continues. The third quarter represented our most successful fundraising quarter ever as BlackRock generated approximately $2 billion in net client flows and raised an additional $4 billion in commitments across the platform highlighted by the $1.5 billion first close of global energy and power infrastructure fund 3. BlackRock's illiquid alternatives franchise now has approximately $22 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of strategies, representing almost $160 million in incremental base fees and the opportunity for significant performance fees over time. Finally, BlackRock's cash management business experienced net outflows of $15 billion, driven by the planned redemption of a single escrow mandate. Excluding this redemption, our cash platforms saw a $9 billion of net inflows and continues to leverage scale and cash matrix technology to better serve clients. We are now the second largest money market managers globally and have steadily increased market share by more than 250 basis points over the last 3 years. BlackRock scaled global investment and technology platform was purposely built to weather the cyclical and secular headwinds impacting today's asset management business. We've shown an ability to grow and maintain margin in difficult markets before. Our diverse platform is as well-positioned as it's ever been to meet the evolving needs of client and we remain focused on playing offense by striking an appropriate balance between organically investing for future growth and practical discretionary expense management. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, everyone, and thanks, Gary, and thank you for joining the call. BlackRock's third quarter results demonstrates to resilience of our differentiated platform as we once again delivered organic growth even in the face of industry headwinds. And we’ve been through these tough markets -- tough market environments before and BlackRock has consistently delivered growth, though asset management -- flow through asset management flows and technology revenues, while exercising expense discipline and investing for our future. We built our platform around a holistic client centric approach and today we are delivering a broader spectrum of investment strategies in technology capabilities to more clients than at any time in our history. However, as Gary mentioned, many of the challenges facing our clients continued in the third quarter have accelerated with recent marketing volatility. Divergence monetary policy and macro and geopolitical uncertainty continues to impact investor sentiment and our financial markets, leading many clients to reduce risk in their portfolios. After a decade-long rise of multilateralism, protectionist agendas are pushing forward around the world. Concerns over trade tensions and particularly are weighing on investor sentiments. Meanwhile a strong U.S economy is adding to investor concerns about overheating and the potential for greater than previously anticipated fed -- Federal Reserve rate hikes. Political instability in certain markets is increasing. In Italy, for example, the government significantly widened its budget deficit for 2019 driving Italian bond yields to their highest levels since 2014. And in Brazil the Presidential election is intensifying political polarization. These developments are all heightening worldwide investors concerns. As a result, financial markets performance continues to diverge in 2018. While our U.S equities reached record highs in the third quarter driven by strong corporate earnings growth, European markets are trading below where they were a year-ago and emerging markets and commodities remain under pressure. Investors worldwide are taking a defensive posture highlighted by the market volatility we saw last week. Short-term government bond funds are seeing their highest inflows since 2010. Cash balances have grown to $80 trillion globally even as companies execute record amount of share repurchases and M&A accelerates globally. Asset management industry flows overall has slowed considerably. At the same time in this environment even more clients are turning to BlackRock for investment and technology solutions to navigate their portfolios. Throughout the quarter and in recent weeks, we announced a number of significant partnerships with a large -- with large long-term clients, all of which highlights BlackRock's differentiating value proposition. We generated $11 billion of long-term net inflows in the third quarter, despite more than $30 billion of non-ETF index equity outflows, much of which are connected with clients who are de-risking. And as Gary said, our technology services grew by 18% year-over-year. BlackRock's platform is strategically positioned to capture long-term growth in key areas of our business. We remain focused on further strengthening investment performance, enhancing our presence in local markets around the world, expanding our digital capabilities and using scale and technology to better serve clients and deliver shareholder value. One of our most differentiating areas of growth is our iShares ETF platform. We expect the ETF platform could double to more than $12 trillion in the next 5 years, driven by long-term secular trends. In the third quarter, iShares generated $34 billion in net inflows and BlackRock once again captured the number one share of global ETF flows for the quarter and year-to-date. iShares core products generated $20 billion in net inflows in the quarter. Long-term investors who are less reactive to the current market environment continue to invest in core broad market exposures often through model portfolios. In addition, we saw flows of $11 billion in the fixed-income as wealth managers and institutional investors are adopting fixed-income ETS. Fixed-income is one of the areas within iShares where broad ecosystem innovation is driving strong growth. This category have seen in excess of 20% annual organic growth in each of the last four years and we expect strong secular growth to continue. Fixed-income ETF provide investors with liquid vehicles for core and tactical bond allocations and reduce complexities in management of these bond portfolios. Demand has risen as investors gain more confidence in their benefits and simplicity, and as clients search for liquidity in global bond markets in an environment where increased bank capital requirements have diminished supply. This quarter BlackRock in partnership with the CBOE launched the first iShares high-yield corporate bond index future. We also partnered with the Intercontinental Exchange to establish an industry-wide open architecture primary market platform for ETFs that will -- will improve the trading ecosystem to help support continued growth. In addition to ETFs, clients are choosing BlackRock's other active index fixed-income strategies as they look for solutions across the risk spectrum. We continue to see strong performance across our active fixed-income platform were 84% of our fundamental fixed-income assets are above benchmarks or peer medians for the 5-year period. We generated $2 billion of inflows in active fixed-income mutual funds in the quarter led by our municipal bonds and our flagship unconstrained SIO product. We also generated $7 billion of institutional fixed-income inflows led by liability driven investment strategies in the U.S. With rising interest rates, U.S equity markets hitting all-time high and U.S pension funding ratios improving, client demand to de-risk and immunize portfolios is increasing. The long-term opportunity for our LDI platform is strong and we have more closely integrated LDI with our global fixed-income platform, so we could provide clients with a broader fixed-income and cash flow solution. Our active equity platform has made progress as we bring our fundamental and systematic teams closer together to better leverage the power of increased connectivity and data science. 80% of our Fundamental Active Equity's, up 11% from last year and 92% of our Systematic Active Equity assets were above benchmark for peer median for the 5-year period. In alternatives, the investments we’ve made to position BlackRock as an industry leading manager for our clients are showing up in our results. Through a combination of organic and inorganic growth, our group alternative platform is now $109 billion including $57 billion in illiquid alternatives. BlackRock generated $2 billion in core alternative flows and raised an additional $4 billion in commitments in the third quarter. We are well-positioned to grow this business through strong investment performance and scaled asset raising and sourcing. Across our illiquid platform, we’ve raised $16 billion in gross commitments over the last 12 months and our market share of illiquid alternative industry fund raising has more than doubled in the last two years. We expect continual growth in investments in illiquid alternatives and expect this to be an ever-growing contributor to our financial results over time. BlackRock continues to be both positioning ourselves as a leader and to drive change in anticipation of industry transformation and client future needs. Our strategy is focused first and foremost on our clients and their evolving needs from iShares to factors to illiquid alternatives and our long-term aspirations include being a first mover and a leader in technology, a leader in retirement and ultimately a leader in the Chinese asset management business. As the asset and wealth management landscape evolve, clients are increasingly looking for strategic partners for a broad range of solutions. In U.S wealth, BlackRock has recently been designated a strategic partner by Edward Jones, reflecting the expansion of our long-term relationship. 17,000 Edward Jones advisors now have access to BlackRock's platform of investment strategies, our educational content and how we practice our management. Additionally, as Gary mentioned, we expanded our strategic partnership with Fidelity in August. They added a 170 commission free iShares ETFs to their platform for a total of 240 ETFs in an effort to increase accessibility to investing for more and more clients. BlackRock has also been recently selected as a strategic partner to Scottish Widows and Lloyd Banks for a $40 billion dollar index mandate and to collaborate on solutions across alternatives, our risk management platform and technology. More than ever before, our clients are looking for asset management partners who can understand and provide investment solutions on their entire portfolio. This concept is becoming the new definition of active management. Earlier this year, we launched the Client Portfolio Solutions group, which brings together BlackRock's full platform including our most comprehensive range of market cap weighted, factor based, alpha seeking and illiquid alternative strategies with research, technology and portfolio construction expertise to deliver a holistic solution to our clients. Sustainable investing for ESG is another area where an increase in demand from clients globally coupled with BlackRock's investment and technology expertise is driving large-scale momentum. Earlier this month, along with the governments of France and Germany and several nongovernmental organizations, we announced the formation of the client -- the climate finance partnership. The group will explore the development of investment strategies that would be managed by BlackRock and invest in climate infrastructure in the emerging market world. Last week we also announced our partnership with Wespath on an investment strategy designed for the transition to a low carbon economy. BlackRock will manage the strategy for Wespath and offer to other BlackRock clients who seek to achieve both sustainable investing in financial objectives. Potentially the greatest client need of our time, however, is the global retirement challenge. It is likely to dramatically reshape our industry and our firm. BlackRock has committed to helping drive the solution in this crisis and has made this challenge a strategic priority. Last month we announced the establishment of the new retirement solutions group, which will explore lack of access to retirement plans, the need for guaranteed income and innovation, innovative solutions to improve retirement investing. BlackRock's Aladdin technology enables us to solve clients most complex needs and also to address industry transformation. Today insurers and banks are facing consolidation in evolving regulatory requirements, creating the need for more holistic flexible technology driven solutions. Asset and wealth managers are rethinking their business models and looking for ways to operate more efficiently and rigorously managing risk in more volatile market environments at times with this type of volatilities where we see more interest in our Aladdin business. These trends are driving increased demand for BlackRock's broad-based technology services and digital tools, like institutional Aladdin or Aladdin for Wealth and Cachematrix technology services grew by 18% year-over-year and we expect these trends to continue to drive low to mid teens growth on an annual basis going forward. The impact of technology is extending beyond our direct technology business. For example, we're transformating [ph] our cash management business, one of BlackRock's oldest businesses, by integrating technology into our business model. We're delivering training technology powered by Cachematrix to onboard cash clients who are looking for more than a simple cash product. Cash management in BlackRock is now a technology business. Whether it would be index or active or ESG strategies or factors or alternatives and with technology, BlackRock is positioned to deliver solutions for clients. We're leading the evolution of the industry and are better prepared today to meet our clients' needs than ever before. This is reflected in the depth and the quality of the dialogue we are having with clients across the globe. Indeed, we believe that especially in markets like these while clients maybe slow in putting money to work, they’re putting an even greater premium on the differentiating value proposition that BlackRock can offer. With that, let's open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Dan.
Dan Fannon: I guess, Larry, could you elaborate on your broader comments about de-risking? It seems based on your commentary that we -- it should likely continue here in the short-term and we're seeing it through your index products. So I guess are there other kind of asset classes we -- that you're seeing that in? And then also, is there a capture rate where you're seeing flows going into other categories that are obviously less risky?
Laurence D. Fink: I will let Rob talk about it and then I will add to it after him.
Robert S. Kapito: So I think, Larry, mentioned increased trade tensions, emerging markets volatility, and certainly the fear of continued interest rate rises across the globe. So what happens, especially during that type of volatility period is clients de-risk. So depending upon the next couple weeks and some of the political issues as well and the volatility that's out there, clients may continue to de-risk. Certainly, we've seen the hedge funds de-risk from a period of time where I think across the board most of them are already down 2% 4%, so getting below that is difficult for many hedge funds, so they’ve just risked -- de-risked. And we also, depending upon the guidelines of the clients and what we think about the markets, we encourage either de-risking or risking depending upon what their objectives are. The goal for us is even in that de-risking, to capture those assets because whatever they're selling and going into, we have that product. So whether clients move from equity to fixed, we can accomplish that. Whether they’re going from value to growth, long duration to short duration, out of emerging markets into emerged markets, our goal is to offer a holistic solution so that they can de-risk and then be ready to put the risk on with us as well. And that also moves from product to product, whether they do it in iShares, and typically they'll do that in the non-core iShares that have the most liquidity. Clients in the core iShares do that less because they’re more buy-and-hold. So, we see that more in the active products, and I think that really describes a lot of the flows this quarter.
Laurence D. Fink: Let me just add a little more. I think the market movements post third quarter was, as Rob said, more hedge funds de-risking. We did not see any accelerated outflows in the first few weeks. I think, Dan, when you think about some of these big large strategic partnerships we announced, none of that was asset flows this quarter. All of this is going to be huge asset flows probably in 2019. And this is why we are spending so much time trying to develop these deeper relationships. We are not going to be able to predict or strive for any one quarter, but I do -- we're very excited about the opportunities of building these deeper relationships that over time are going to really push us towards a much higher growth rate. That being said, if the markets remain to be uncertain, if political risk remains large, you will continue to see clients pause. We’ve seen this in the past. Generally, in the fourth quarter, we see clients adding risk that is typically what happens especially November, December. We -- and so, I’m not here to tell you, I know how this will all play out, but we are continuing to see large interest from our clients in our technology businesses, we're continuing to see large interest from our clients in our alternative space and let me also talk about the breadth of our active business for a second. We had positive active flows in fixed, in multi-asset, and in alts. The only area where we had outflows that were significant was in the low-fee index products, and that I think, Rob Kapito has talked about this for years, that's where we see how people navigate money. They go in and out of index funds in large-scale as an indicator of their market beliefs. So -- and I would also say unlike most organizations in the industry we had positive flows in U.S wealth in our retail side. So I don't know the outcome of this quarter or political uncertainty, but all I could say is we're -- we have very strong conversations going on right now with really important clients and we will see how that plays out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. So it was nice to see another quarter here of larger buybacks. Can you remind us how much capacity via excess capital and debt capacity BlackRock has now? And how we should forecast capital management over the next few quarters just given your very systematic approach over the last few years?
Laurence D. Fink: Gary?
Gary S. Shedlin: Good morning, Craig. So our capital management policies have not changed. I think it's -- we remain committed to obviously first investing in our business, and then returning excess cash flow to shareholders, that that will continue. Obviously, it's not necessarily tied to any 12-month period of time. We look at cash over a broader period of time than that, because we try not to be that specific. But we are committed to a 40% to 50% dividend payout ratio, and then paying the incremental back. As we’ve said many times, our total payout ratio is really an output as opposed to an input of our planning, and we will take into account all the various opportunities for investment in the business whether through our P&L, through our seed capital, through taxable inorganic opportunities. We’ve been pretty clear that our run rate going into the year was about $1.2 billion, [ph] or $300 million a quarter. We did slightly more than that earlier in the year. We saw opportunities to accelerate that this past quarter where we did $500 million, and we will continue to plan assuming our run rate is current and then looking at opportunities to more aggressively allocate liquidity to the stock price where we think it's a good investment for our shareholders. As it relates to how much liquidity we have, obviously as you know, we’ve never been capital constrained either from a cash flow or P&L investment point of view. We have about $5 billion of long-term debt on our balance sheet. We are levered at less than 1x, so we obviously have significant liquidity capacity if we so choose to use it for a variety of strategic opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the commission free ETFs, which you defined as an opportunity to lead to growth in ETFs. Just curious if there's any color you could share in terms of the number of platforms that you’re on today with commission free ETFs and how much more penetration we could see? And how you see the duration profile of the iShares changing, if at all, with more commission free ETFs? In other words, do we see more flows, but maybe more volatility within the flows as it becomes more commission free? Just curious how you’re thinking about that?
Laurence D. Fink: So the whole commission free situation was actually a very large benefit to BlackRock. And I don't know if that story really got out that well. Because especially at Fidelity, what was not -- what was hidden I think in the communication was they actually added over 170 new ETFs to their platform commission free. So if that's the case, we obviously have many more on a very strong platform and it attracts many more investors because there's no trading costs. So I don't know if it's going to really change the profile. I would imagine since most of the people on those platforms are more equity than fixed income long-term investors, it may push them towards more equities. We haven't really been able to see a true trend yet, except that there are more buyers and that’s been positive to us. So our growth on that platform continues. Obviously, that will be the same on other platforms that begin to offer commission free ETFs. So this was a very big positive to us to continue. As you know, we have the number one market share globally of ETS. So we really have more people on it. It will give us more opportunity to distribute. But I haven't seen a trend yet, Michael, to tell you that there will be more of any one particular one. What I'm hoping for is that we get to see some of the smart beta, which we have over 100 different smart betas. We have a lot of the ESG ETFs coming onto the platform. So I think there's a big opportunity there and I hope that we're finding out that a lot of investors are interested in ESG. So hopefully they will express that through our iShares. But on the particular Fidelity platform, they’ve been great partners who had the best August we ever had since the pricing moved, even in what was considered a very tough market. So very optimistic as new buyers can enter the market commission free.
Robert S. Kapito: Let me add one more -- two more things. I believe more and more the market for ETFs will be commission free. I think it's incredibly important. So for the retail investor commissions, the trading commissions can be larger than the commissions or the fees of the asset manager. So when you’re trying to save for retirement and you're only investing, let's say, a $1000 at a time, the commissions were eating up quite a better of return. And so we actually believe commission free ETFs is going to lead to better outcomes for retirement. It's going to lead more investors to invest in ETFs for retirement and I believe this is a really important trend for all the ETF industry, but I also believe it's a very important trend for the advancement of pools of money for retirement. So we look at this as it's not just important for the ETF industry, we believe it's important contributor to the strategies of the wealth management platforms as they try to help clients navigate the whole cumbersome component of retirement. And we believe a commission free environment for ETFs is going to lead to far better outcomes of investing for retirement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. This sort of follows up on Michael's question. So price has been a key differentiator in core ETFs, the majority of your ETFs are non-core. What are the longer-term success factors in non-core? So, you’ve mentioned liquidity as a factor, maybe a key factor in the past, does liquidity remain a key driver for the non-core ETF sales, or does that become less differentiated as the ETF market grows? To Michael's question, you mentioned commission free trading and distribution relationships are important. You alluded to product development in ESG, but what is most important for non-core ETF growth over time? And what is that say about the pricing that you think you could get for non-core? Will it hold up or does it sort of eventually mirror the core side? Thank you.
Robert S. Kapito: So I think the two most important things are brand and liquidity. So this is what those people that are more active and they participate under non-core want in purchasing their ETFs. And I think that what hasn't been talked about is this last move in volatility. We haven't seen any stories of any issues in the liquidity of ETFs. All of a sudden that is off the front page. They actually work. So the large and liquid with brand has actually provided more liquidity in the marketplace. The more situations we have like that, the more large investors will come in and have confidence in the market. So I think we saw that. So in essence, I would say brand is still very important. Liquidity and that’s due to the scale and size of the products that we actually have are the most important going forward. And I do think that's going to translate as more and more people get focused on either the smart beta in which they are using this to really focus on one of the factors in the market that they think will drive it going forward. And the second thing will be the ESG, where as large plans have the responsibility now to be asked by their boards to express that in their portfolios, I think they’re going to want to express it in ETFs that have that brand that also have the liquidity in it.
Laurence D. Fink: Let me add a little more to that, Ken. I think retail has always been more a buy-and-hold strategy. I think retail continues to be focused on more core oriented strategies for their, I would say, their large component of their investment strategies. But as ETFs expand whether it is ESG that Rob was talking about or factor based or emerging markets in other areas, we still believe that as Rob said, brand liquidity are major component. And I don't believe those two components lead to each other. So we are not seeing any indication, any issues related to a worsening of prices related to the non-core. But core is being -- growth is being driven by essentially by retail individuals that continues to be a major component of it. And those core products just don't have liquidity, that’s some of the non-core strategies have. They don’t have -- and some of the non-core strategies now have options against it and they have a much more derivative-based market around that too. And so they’re almost two different ecosystems both serving their clients and this is what's great about it, in their specific needs. Some clients have it a long-term need to invest for retirement and that’s a buy-and-hold. And that’s why we so much -- why we adopted that core strategy and we have a large component of our institutional clients worldwide are using it for asset allocation. They’re using it for exposures and brand and liquidity is very important and remain to be important.
Robert S. Kapito: I don’t think you will see pricing pressure as much because of the demand and it's only the large illiquid and ones with the brand that can offer the futures, the options, and the derivative. So I think this is as Larry said, a separate market. And I think because of that we can command a higher price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence D. Fink: Hello.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Hi. Good morning, everybody. So wanted to build the discussion on Larry's points around the strategic partnership with wealth managers. You hit on the Fidelity and the kind of the commission free model, but looking at the wirehouses and other brokerage firm networks, can you spend a little bit on how these partnerships are structured? What’s sort of the spectrum of products this creates for you guys both in a technology and the asset management side of things? And I guess, looking out into 2018 maybe a little more color, Larry, from you why you think these will yield stronger flows for you?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I mean, our first indication from Fidelity, we’re seeing stronger flows immediately after one month. So we did begin to see that and we continue to believe that will continue to yield more flows. In terms of the wires, I mean, one of the great success story so far that’s just been implemented and one just was launched in its existence is Aladdin for wealth. So UBS and Morgan Stanley both use Aladdin for wealth. We have other organizations that we are working on. We have -- actually other organizations worldwide are adapting Aladdin for wealth. And so, it is through technology that is advancing our positioning with our wires. It is trying to work with them on ETF strategies, but I actually believe the relationships that we have with the wires now are more comprehensive, more holistic than anytime ever and we believe like we just said -- as I said, this last week was when we went live with Morgan Stanley. We believe through those processes we're going to start seeing maybe in the fourth quarter in 2019, increased flows through our holistic relationships with our wires of all our strategic partners. The other area where you're seeing especially from the wires, which is starting to become a bigger driver of their business, and one of the reasons while we believe over the next 5 years ETFs will double in size is how more and more wires as they move more towards away from brokerage and more to a consultive relationship or advice, they're using more models. And in the models are heavily populated by different BlackRock and iShares products. And so we believe over time we're getting ourselves better positioned that have deeper more holistic relationships. And we continue to believe that is what's going to be driving our future growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Hey, good morning. Maybe switching gears little bit on pension plan rebalancing. Larry, maybe just your view of how that might increase to the rebalancing from equities to fixed income might increase. What kind of maybe yield thresholds do you think that will be a catalyst for that? And obviously you guys are positioned to capture that on the fixed income side. Do you see that from your perspective coming mostly in LDI, or do you think your active fixed income products can take the large share of that? And then, maybe just a little bit more color on the Lloyds arrangement with the $40 billion. Is that just a part that’s coming more quickly? And I think you are in a strategic partnership with them for a potential of up to ₤100 million.
Laurence D. Fink: So on year-end rebalancing, but before the market setback, I would have said there would be a lot of rebalancing out of equities into more fixed income. Now with the markets resetting itself, I think that rebalancing out of equities is going to be diminished quite a bit. Obviously, we still have a full quarter to see. Higher rates is good for more and more pension funds. They reset their liabilities, and higher interest rates is a reset. Keep in mind, it's based off the tenure, not the short end. So the tenure has only moved, I don't know, on the year, 30 basis points. So it's not a significant move. But net, net, net, you are going to see more and more pension funds using as you raise LDI. We are seeing more and more clients looking to use BlackRock services on LDI. It's one of our growth areas in the last quarter and continues to be an opportunity for us. I don't know how significant that will be. We will see where markets are and rates are over the course of the balance of this year, but we do believe the trend will be over the long-term for pension funds to reduce their exposures in their defined benefit plans. As you know, more and more money is now moving in the defined contribution. So it is -- we do have that dynamics. Just real quickly on Lloyds, we don’t describe what the client is doing. The client came out with a press release. I don't believe I could talk about more than what the client released in their press release. We have a strong, deep relationship with them. At the moment, we won a ₤30 billion mandate for index products. We also agreed on a partnership in terms of alternatives, where we believe we are going to see systematic quarter-by-quarter flows in our alternative platform. We are looking at -- they are looking at utilization of our Aladdin platform and other forms of technology. So it's a comprehensive relationship. It is deep and related to the other pool of assets, we will see. I mean, it -- we will see about that outcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Good morning. Hey, Gary, just one for you on the expenses. You mentioned the $42 million in the transaction cost in the quarter, and then that the typical seasonality that we see in G&A. I guess just want to level set that, should we be expecting the $42 million to come out and then build off of that in terms of the seasonality? And then, just given the seasonality, how does the -- maybe the diverging beta or the headwinds that you guys are seeing on the revenue side kind of factor into that?
Gary S. Shedlin: So the $42 million, there is a component of that. And again, we’ve tried to give you a little bit more visibility through some better disclosure, both in the press release and the Q. But there's a portion of that, that is more professional fee-related, as I mentioned, about $13 million tied to closing a number of transactions that clearly will come out. The contingent purchase price adjustments is going to be a part of our P&L for some period of time. We have about 250 plus million dollars of contingent purchase price liability on our balance sheet. We will have to fair value that every quarter. The bad news is when it goes up, it creates some noise in our G&A line. The good news is when it goes up, it means the deals we’ve done are doing better. The most significant component this quarter was tied to the first reserve transaction where the expectations for our ability to raise assets in the coming quarters has gone up, which is why we’re providing that. So we will do as best we can to call that out for you, so that you can see some of that volatility in what we would consider kind of more non-recurring quarter G&A expense. In terms of expectations for the fourth quarter, I think you’ve got it right on. I think the intent was to try and call out for you that component that kind of is a little less recurring and to just highlight what has been the case for the last couple of years is that our marketing spend tends to go up in the fourth quarter, and you obviously know what that was during the third quarter. I think your broader question as it relates to the business model today in light of a more challenged revenue environment. Look, I think, for us, we’ve purposely built a very diverse business with both index, active, alternatives and cash to move away from any specific product, but really to focus on delivering, as Larry mentioned, a holistic client centric solution to our clients. And we’ve seen difficult markets before, but we think that are unique and scaled model enables us to kind of grow organically through those markets and to be able to manage our expenses appropriately, display whether they're cyclical or secular headwinds. And our view at the moment is really to continue to invest through the cycle. We see unique opportunities. Frankly, we’ve done the best in these types of markets because others frankly with less diversified models are forced to pull back. And candidly, it's a lot easier to cut cost than to invest for growth, and that’s really the hard part, but we think we’ve got a model advantage and so our intent is to continue to invest through the cycle on behalf of our clients and our shareholders.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Bill.
William Katz: Okay, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in. So, a lot of it has been answered, right, but maybe just sort of drilling into the margin discussions a bit further today. When I look at your distribution fees versus the distribution expenses, there seems to be a deeper reduction in the distribution fees than on the expenses. How much has just either divergent data or sort of mix non-US versus U.S versus maybe some of these wealth management victories you’ve been getting and some elevated maybe point of sale economics against the manufacturing complex?
Gary S. Shedlin: You know, we’ve seen on the distribution fees, obviously, as we’ve moved away from kind of 12b-1 fees over time, and that’s been going on for a long time for us now, Bill. And I think, obviously, we are moving into a more fee-based environment with all of our distribution partners trying to basically do the best they can for their clients. We’ve migrated away from traditional loan products to products that don’t have that. So we’ve seen a decline in our distribution revenue. By virtue of FASB, we’ve kind of grossed up everything. I don’t think there's that much of a breakdown beyond that, other than just demand for different classes of funds are changing and driving traditional 12b-1 fees down, but beyond that, I don’t think that there's anything more to it than that from our perspective.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink: Yes. Thank you everyone for joining our call this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock. Our third quarter results reflect the value of our diverse investment platform and technology capabilities provide for our clients as they navigate through this very active investment landscape. We’ve built and evolved our business by staying ahead of our clients' needs and industry transformation, and we’re confident that our continued differentiation, our holistic client approach will enable us to deliver growth and scale advantages over the long-term to our clients and to our shareholders. And I do believe the third quarter really did show how building these strategic relations over the long run will produce future growth tomorrow. Everyone have a good fourth quarter, and we will be talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher J. Meade - General Counsel Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and CEO Gary S. Shedlin - CFO Robert S. Kapito - President
Analysts: Bill Katz - Citigroup Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Dan Fannon - Jefferies Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Kaimon Chung - Evercore ISI Robert Lee - KBW Brennan Hawken - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for this second quarter of 2018. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial information, I will be focusing primarily on as-adjusted results. As a reminder, all year-over-year financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter results to recast financials reflecting the adoption FASB’s revenue recognition accounting standard, which became effective on January 1st. After strong start to 2018, markets reversed mid-first quarter as escalating trade tensions, inflationary concerns and a flattening yield curve caused investors to pull back. Market uncertainty continued throughout the second quarter, reflecting ongoing global trade tensions, a slowdown in emerging markets, increased volatility and widening credit spreads. In the face of an uncertain and evolving investment landscape, clients have paused, deferring their investment decisions until they have greater clarity on the future. Last month, at our 2018 Investor Day, we described how BlackRock's strategic differentiators, our globally integrated investment management and technology business with a comprehensive array of products and portfolio construction capabilities and unparalleled distribution reach position us to outperform, especially in times like these. Client needs for investment advice, Aladdin and digital tools are greater than ever before and we are having richer dialogues with them than at any time in our history. Our globally diversified business model enables us to stay committed to and continually invest in our long-term strategic growth plans to ensure we are well-positioned to serve clients in any market environment. BlackRock generated $20 billion of total net inflows in the second quarter. Net inflows were positive across active, index and cash evidencing the breadth of our investment capabilities including market cap-weighted indices, factors, alpha seeking strategies and illiquid alternatives. Despite the current slowdown in industry flows, BlackRock has generated over $275 billion in total flows over the last 12 months, representing 5% total organic asset growth.  Second quarter revenue of $3.6 billion increased 11% year-over-year, while operating income of $1.4 billion rose 16%. Earnings per share of $6.66 was up 28% compared to a year ago, driven by higher operating results and a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 24%. We now estimate that 23% is a reasonable projected tax run-rate for the remainder of 2018. However, the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on or changes to our analysis of last year's tax reform legislation. Second quarter base fees of $2.9 billion were up 10% year-over-year, driven primarily by market appreciation and total organic base fee growth of 5% over the last 12 months. Sequentially, base fees were flat despite lower average AUM levels as a result of seasonally higher securities lending revenue and a higher day count in the second quarter. Performance fees of $91 million increased $43 million year-over-year due to improved relative performance and loan only equity funds and our broad-based direct and solutions oriented hedge fund platform. Continued momentum in institutional Aladdin and expansion of our digital wealth and distribution technologies resulted in 25% year-over-year growth in quarterly technology services revenue. Current quarter results were bolstered by the timing of several significant client go-lives. Overall, demand remains strong for our full range of technology solutions, which contributes to gains in both technology services revenue and base fees. Advisory and other revenue of $78 million reflected a strong quarter for financial markets advisory services. Our commitment to investing for future growth remains steadfast, even in more challenging markets. Total expense increased 8% year-over-year, driven by higher compensation, G&A, and volume-related expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up $85 million or 9% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher headcount and increased incentive compensation associated with higher operating income. Sequentially, compensation and benefit expense was down 3%, reflecting seasonally lower employer payroll taxes. G&A expense was up $48 million year-over-year, reflecting higher levels of planned investment across a variety of categories led by continued investment in technology and portfolio services. Direct fund expense was up $43 million or 19% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average AUM as a result of significant growth in our iShares franchise. Our second quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 45.2% was up a 130 basis points year-over-year. We remain margin-aware, especially in the current environment but continue to play offense in order to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible. We also remain committed to returning excess cash flow to shareholders. As we announced at Investor Day, we expect to see Board approval this week to increase our quarterly dividend from $2.88 per share to $3.13 per share. On an annualized basis, this represents an increase in our dividend of $1 per share to $12.52 per share or a 25% increase from our 2017 dividend of $10 per share. We also repurchased an additional $300 million worth of common shares during the second quarter. Quarterly net inflows of $20 billion were positive in both active and index strategies as well as in our cash management business. Global iShares generated quarterly net inflows of $18 billion, driven by continued strong demand from long-term investors in our core franchise. Flows into higher fee non-core iShares have slowed during the year as market uncertainty has impacted investors’ tactical risk allocation decisions. Retail net inflows of $5 billion were paced by flows into active fixed income, our multi-asset income fund and our event-driven liquid alternative fund. Equity net outflows were primarily associated with products investing in non-U.S. equities and natural resources. Institutional net outflows of $9 billion resulted from both significant inflow and outflow activity during the quarter as various clients derisked, rebalanced or sought liquidity in the current environment. Despite net outflows, institutional clients drove positive annualized organic base fee growth in the quarter, driven in part by mix shift associated with higher fee active products. Institutional index net outflows of $13 billion reflected significant derisking activity in the passive equity book, partially offset by continued demand for LDI fixed income solutions. Institutional active net inflows of $5 billion were driven by multi-asset net inflows of $8 billion, led by continued demand for our target date offerings. Fixed income net outflows of $3 billion reflected continued cash repatriation activity and client losses associated with insurance-related M&A transactions. Illiquid alternative fund raising momentum continued with an additional $2 billion in commitments raised during the second quarter. We also announced the acquisition of Tennenbaum Capital Partners scheduled to close in the third quarter, augmenting our position as a leading, global credit asset manager, and advancing our goal of providing clients with a diverse range of alternate investment products and solutions to meet their evolving needs. Finally, despite a difficult quarter for the cash management industry driven by both seasonal and repatriated quarterly tax payments, BlackRock’s cash management business saw net inflows of $6 billion as our product breadth, scale and technology-first distribution strategy is resonating with clients and leading to differentiated business performance. We have managed our business through market volatility and uncertainty at various times over the past few years. During each instance, we remained intensely focused on strategically positioning ourselves for long-term growth. Our strong and resilient platform enables us to continue investing prudently in our fastest growing opportunities and extending our value proposition in those areas where we are already market leaders. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining the call. After a strong close to 2017 and equity markets reaching all-time highs in January, volatility has remained elevated in the second quarter as clients recalibrated their risk. Political uncertainty has ramped up again. Governments are changing hands in Italy and Mexico, and further questions around other elections and policy decisions continue to challenge investors’ confidence. Most significantly, some of the strongest foundational components of international investing are being tested as trade frictions escalate to new levels. Strong earnings and the U.S. economic growth unfortunately are being offset by heightened uncertainty due to rising protectionism and potential barriers to the open markets and free trades that have been for years supported global economic growth and the expansion of international markets. These circumstances are impacting markets, exchange rates, and global capital flows. Additionally, companies are using excess capital to make acquisitions and more aggressively repurchasing shares at levels not seen since 2007, and the pool of investable equities is shrinking. Over time, the supply and demand dynamic should be positive for the markets but the current market environment has not rewarded such corporate behavior as it has in the past. If you strip out a handful of outperforming tech stocks, the lack of breadth in the equity markets is troubling. We are at a pivotal point. Clients are struggling to better understand increased risk and uncertainty, and market dynamics are shifting, causing those clients to pause as they think about the future. Short term rates have now surpassed 2%, a level not seen in almost 10 years. These rising rates and a flattening curve have made cash not a safe place but now also a more profitable place for investors to stand by and wait. While investors’ caution has impacted industry flows, BlackRock continues to benefit from the value of our diverse global investment and technology platform. Revenues increased 11%, operating income increased 16%, and our earnings per share increased 28% year-over-year. We generated $20 billion of total net inflows, positive across active index and cash in the second quarter. We have seen markets and uncertainty like this before. As clients globally grapple with this uncertainty, they’re reaching out to BlackRock with more frequency, with more momentum. The dialogues with the clients to date have never been stronger. We believe that the long-term trends at BlackRock is strategically positioned to address -- remain intact. The investments we have made to strengthen our index, our active and alternative platforms, and our investments in portfolio construction, asset allocation and distribution technologies position us to deepen relationships and partnerships with both institutional and wealth clients. We remain focus on investing in BlackRock’s future to stay ahead of our clients’ needs and capture the most impactful long-term industry opportunities. This means constantly improving our investment platform and technology, becoming more global and more local in the markets where we operate and taking advantage of our scale to serve our clients better and deliver more value to our shareholders. As institutional clients around the world react to market movements and uncertainties, activity has been elevated year-to-date with growth flows up substantially relative to the same period last year. However, while clients have shifted assets within investment strategies, they have been hesitant to put new assets to work and net flows have been more muted as a result. Similar to last quarter, the ongoing impact of U.S. tax reform also influenced institutional client behavior in the second quarter. A number of U.S. based clients saw liquidity from index equity allocations to fund share repurchases and M&A. Pension clients are looking to outsource our investment responsibilities in an increasingly complex investment landscape, which is driving momentum in our outsourced CIO business, both in the United States and internationally. We’re also seeing strong momentum in LDI discussions as a combination of rising rates and resilient equity markets levels create incentives for clients to immunize their portfolios. Our commitment to delivering a differentiated long-term retirement solution to corporate clients is also generating results. We continue to see interest in our asset allocation and customized target date capabilities. LifePath, our target date service -- series has generated $8 billion in net inflows in the quarter, representing 17% annualized organic growth. This quarter, adoption of ETFs at the core of the investors’ portfolios drove $18 billion in net inflows into iShares. And BlackRock once again captured the number one share of global ETF flows year-to-date. Because buy and hold clients positioning their portfolio for the long-term, they tend to be less sensitive to interquarter volatility than liquidity-driven users of ETFs. We have strategically invested to provide high-quality index exposures with a range of value propositions for our clients. We are confident in the long-term secular growth opportunities for ETFs, and we believe that the global ETF market can reach between $10 and trillion $12 trillion in assets by the end of 2023. Growth will be driven by core and non-core products. Institutions are increasingly using ETFs as alpha generation tools and replacement for futures and swaps both in equities and fixed income exposures. And world clients globally are using ETFs in fee-based ecosystems. Wealth managers are increasingly using models in their fee-based advisory businesses. And the nature of BlackRock's relationships with wealth managers and advisors is becoming more and more similar to the deep holistic engagements we have with our institutional clients. Our ability to provide clients with digital tools and whole portfolio solutions drove $5 billion of retail net inflows in the second quarter. This represents our sixth consecutive inflow quarter and growing momentum with financial advisors who are leveraging BlackRock's technology to manage risk and construct portfolios using both ETFs and our active mutual funds. Inflows were driven by our strong demand and our top performing active fixed income strategies where we generated $2 billion of net flows, each at our municipal bonds and our unconstrained strategies. Our unconstrained fixed income franchise in the U.S. and globally are particularly well-positioned for a rising rate environment. We achieved the number one position in gathering active fixed income flows for the quarter in the United States wealth space where we are delivering strong performance at good value with 88% of our assets are top performing and lowest priced quartile. The strength of BlackRock's fixed income platform reflects the team's use of Aladdin technology, sophisticated risk analytics, and scenario testing tools across diverse offerings of products from short duration to unconstrained. Performance across fixed income strategies remained strong at the end of the quarter, 78% of our tax flow fixed income assets were above benchmark or peer median for one year period. Our active equities, 59% of our fundamental and 86% of our systematic active equity assets were above benchmark or peer medians for one year period. Strong performance is the foundation for delivering client outcomes and driving net inflows. In alternatives, we’re seeing more momentum in fund raisings than any point in BlackRock's history. Over the last few years, we've invested both organically and inorganically to build a comprehensive and differentiated alternative platform supported by robust sourcing capabilities, investment expertise and skilled distribution. We’re beginning to see the benefits of these investments through strong performance across our platform, especially in infrastructure and private credit which are key focus areas for BlackRock and position us well in leading illiquid alternative space. We raised $2 billion in flows and $2 billion in additional commitments in our illiquid alternative business in the second quarter. During the quarter, we closed our European middle market private debt strategy with over $1 billion in commitments, which represents significant progress in establishing a leading global private credit platform and further expanding our capabilities in Europe. We also announced the first close of our third global energy and power infrastructure fund last week with $1.5 billion in commitments from a diverse global set of clients. The strong first close reinforces our position as the leading energy and power investment platform in the industry. And we continue to make progress in our long-term private capital strategy. We are seeing tremendous client interest for a structure that aligns with their long-term goals. Cash management is another area where we are gaining share. And we now manage $457 billion in cash assets. The cash strategy is earning between approximately 2 and 2.5%, levels not seen in the past decade. Clients are using cash as not only as a safe asset but one that provides attractive returns, especially in this market environment. BlackRock generated $6 billion in net inflows and cash strategies in the quarter, driven by the benefits of our global scale and tech-enabled distribution. This highlights one of the true benefits and differentiators of BlackRock’s diverse business model. Technology is also a strategic differentiator and one of our largest priorities at BlackRock. Asset managers, wealth managers and custodial banks globally are rethinking their business models and looking for ways to operate more efficiently. Insurers and banks are facing regulatory consolidation in involving regulatory requirements. These changes are driving increased demand for BlackRock’s broad-based technology services, and digital tools like Institutional Aladdin, Aladdin Wealth, Provider Aladdin and Cachematrix. For institutions, Aladdin is an enterprise investment management system, powering the entire investment process on a single platform, from portfolio analytics and construction to trade execution, to compliance to investment operations. It is also a powerful solution for custodians who service those assets through Provider Aladdin, as well as wealth for managers through Aladdin Wealth, bringing sophisticated institutional tools to the broad, wealth management community. Aladdin continues to benefit from those trends favoring global scale, multi-asset solutions and operating efficiency and simplicity. Our technology services revenues grew 25% year-over-year, reflecting an outsized number of institutional clients going live on the Aladdin platform in the quarter. We continue to expect double-digit growth in the low to mid teens range going forward. We are focused on near-term opportunities to partner with clients on their technology needs and investing in longer term opportunities in artificial intelligence and data science to enhance the way we and our clients invest, the way we distribute and how we operate. I want to by saying we’ve seen these markets like this before that have caused investors to pause. But we believe that we are better prepared today to meet client needs than ever before. This is reflective in the depth, the quality of the dialogue we are having with clients across the globe. Indeed, we believe that in markets like these, clients put an even greater premium on the differentiating value proposition that BlackRock can offer them. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Good morning, everyone. Thank you very much for taking the question this morning. So, Larry, I’d like to sort of circle back to your technology discussion. It seems like a very nice ramp quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. When you think about your guidance of low to mid teens from here, is the second quarter -- and you said -- I think you said, there were few things that sort of turned on during the quarter. Is this a good start point for that assumption or is there sort of further momentum into the second half of the year to which we then sort of build to that low to mid teens growth rate into ‘19?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, we tend to use that as a baseline. I am going to let Gary answer with the more specifics. But, as I said in my prepared remarks, we -- some of the wins we had a year ago and two years ago, depending on how long these conversions took, went live. And I am very pleased to say two very large institutional clients went live and so the ramp rate is higher. The dialogues we are having for Aladdin and all technology solutions is growing, but I think it’s fair that we haven’t adjusted yet our run rate. And I will let Gary go into that a little more.
Gary S. Shedlin: Well, I think Larry, I think you answered it. I think it’s -- the question of obviously what’s there becomes the rate going forward but the sequential and the year-over-year increases obviously then change as a function of timing. So, as Larry said, the growth this quarter of 25% year-over-year did reflect an outsized number of significant institutional clients going live on the platform and the platform will continue to benefit. The other smaller item obviously that will come into play is we closed our Cachematrix deal in July of 2017, which we obviously benefited from the timing of that revenue related to other periods. So, that revenue will now be in both periods’ time as we think about year-over-year changes.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just add one more thing related to this. The demand for Aladdin services and all technology services is growing across the board. And in my conversations worldwide, I’m hearing more and more clients are looking to add Aladdin services. But I think for run rate as Gary and I both said that it’s a good level as a benchmark. 
Gary S. Shedlin: We’ll continue to say this, probably answered a couple questions. But as we -- I think we’ve always said, we don’t believe quarter-to-quarter comparisons are the best way to think of our business. We think we tend to look at longer periods of time. And if you look at 12 months versus 12 months on a LTM basis for Aladdin, it’s up closer to 18%, which is much more in line with our focus going forward.
Laurence D. Fink: Yes. But the momentum is strong.
Gary S. Shedlin: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: So, it looks like the slowdown in European flows is more of an industry issue than anything BlackRock specific. Can you just give us your thoughts on the softness? And maybe any perspective on this -- if this is a shorter term issue or a longer term problem?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, some of it has been outflows from U.S. based investors that had their money overseas and they were investing in European products. So, when we had tax reform and they repatriated the money, you’re seeing that in the flows. Two, there still remains to be in some of the sovereign wealth funds, some de-risking that occurred in the second quarter. And you’re seeing some clients taking profits because of the value of the dollar, the dollar appreciated quite well in the second quarter. So, you’re seeing many different diversion trends. But, I would say -- I don’t have enough information to tell you, if it’s a one quarter event. But I just came back from Europe spending quite a bit of time there. The opportunities in Europe, the broad conversation we’re having with some of the very large European and Middle Eastern clients is strong as ever. In some cases, some of them have pause because of the tension related to trade. But, I would say, over a long period of time, the growth trends are intact. And I would say we’re seeing outcomes of repatriation of cash, strong dollar and just global uncertainty. But, let’s be clear, the dialogues are deeper than ever.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with the Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Just going back to the Aladdin discussion for a second, I was wondering if you guys could give us an update on the progress Aladdin for wealth is making. Again, any metrics you guys can put around them will be helpful. Whether it’s client assets that are already in the platform and I guess any sense what sort of AUM contribution you guys have had, maybe over the last 12 months from Aladdin for wealth?
Robert S. Kapito: So, this is a great new platform for us, because what we’re doing is giving wealth managers the ability to analyze their portfolios, utilizing all of the technology that we have built in Aladdin, so that they can suggest better risk and better returns, and instead of 100 portfolios, 500 portfolios. So, this is becoming a very, very big business. There are over 7,000 individual advisors that are now using this. And as we're building this out, their requests for more and more technology is quite significant and we're building that in. So, this is going to be something that I think will help and that they will be utilizing their models, some people will be utilizing our models. We will be comparing the products they have in their clients' portfolios to better products that they might have in their portfolios, suggesting that they might not only use our products but other people's products to better the portfolios. So, this is a way to take what we're doing for our institutional clients and get deeper into solutions for the individual investor, but it's a business-to-business where we're utilizing this to help our distributors create better solutions for their clients. So, we're excited about this. We have several firms that have already signed on to this. It's going to take us a while to implement this. And also it takes us a while to get people to actually use it, even though it is implemented. So, we're very excited about this, very excited about the future of it. And again, following up on Larry's comments, it gives us the ability to have more holistic conversations with the wider group of clients and in this case, the retail clients or wealth management clients, which we're seeing a lot of flow from especially this quarter.
Laurence D. Fink: Alex, let me just add one more thing. I think Rob said it very clearly, Aladdin Wealth takes maybe as long as one to two years like of conversion to get our retail wealth management clients to utilize them and to affect it. But one thing that we are hearing very loud, the advisors are looking for better client understanding and portfolio understanding; they're looking for better transparency; they’re looking for better tools to navigate the clients' money with better consistency; they're using, as Rob said, more models and having Aladdin Wealth allow them to navigate this. And so, if anything, we are seeing greater demand for these types of products because it simplifies the process, it creates a better environment for investing a better environment for compliance and compliance review, and importantly, it allows the advisors and the firm to better understand all of their clients risks in comparing the risks associated with all the portfolios and making sure that those portfolios are meeting the needs of each and everyone's client portfolios. This plays into our strength. This gives us a great opportunity to be more connected with our distribution partners. And we're providing what I would say, the most-clear thing, a differentiating value proposition. So, it's not just about a product, it is providing them with a better enterprise solution to deal with their client issues more effectively with greater transparency.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. It seems like we're seeing a greater use of commission-free platforms for the distribution of ETFs. So, Schwab has built its ETF platform from scratch using this approach, more recently we’ve seen expanded use of commission-free ETF trading by both Ameritrade and Vanguard. So, I guess, maybe Larry, what do you think of these move to commission-free trading and ETS? And is this sort of the next evolution in ETF competition?
Robert S. Kapito: Sure. This is -- I think it’s actually positive for us and that the more people that are aware of ETFs, the better; the more people that have access to the ETFs, the better. So, we are the manufacturer here. And if there is a cheaper way that these groups want to distribute ETFs, quite frankly, it benefits us. So, I think for the distributors, it’s a competitive process that they’re going to have to step up to the plate like we do, because price and value is certainly one of the aspects of ETFs. But for us with the largest market share, the more people are distributing and buying ETFs, the better.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Can you discuss the multi-asset flows in a bit more detail? You talked about LifePath, I think seeing around $8 billion. I guess, can you just discuss momentum in that business more broadly and how to think about kind of the growth in that business or that segment going forward?
Gary S. Shedlin: Sure, Dan. So, I think there is no question that there are really two or three big drivers of multi-asset flows in the quarter. And one thing I want to just say right at the outset is I think we’ve said before and I think you know very well, it’s important not to conflate the multi-asset line items that you see on our financial reconciliation tables to the broader theme of outcome-oriented investing and solutions. But the multi-asset line item did see 8 billion of flows in the quarter. As you mentioned, continued demand for target data offerings including one significant custom target date solution for a large client. In addition, strong flows into MAI or multi-asset income fund and factor based strategies of about $1 billion each. That being said, we do continue to see outflows from our global allocation fund. That was about $3 billion in the second quarter. And I think as we’ve mentioned before that that is relevant, not as it relates necessarily to the flow itself but we do note that obviously global allo has a higher fee than LifePath does and that obviously creates some drag on fee rate and overall revenue growth. But otherwise, we’re continuing to invest and believe very strongly in multi-asset category in and of itself and broader portfolio construction that pulls together lots of different parts of the BlackRock organization into client models and solutions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. How are you? You saw some pretty punchy losses in longer dated core bond products in the second quarter. Could you speak to what you’re seeing in terms of client conversations in terms of movement within the bond category, and if you’re seeing maybe a pipeline of running from the hills from a longer dated stuff at this point?
Laurence D. Fink: I don’t think it was that bigger of outflows. I think it was -- I'm getting the number right now, but at least, $2 billion or less. We saw $26 billion of fixed income of flows. I think in long duration, it’s a function of investors’ belief over the long run that inflation is going to increase, maybe reserves are going to continue to be tightening, and there is greater value in the short end at this momentum than a long end. I think, when you look at the fixed income universe, it’s many different opportunities. And there are many times when you see clients moving out of long end into short end or short end into long end. I don’t believe there is any real dramatic change. I think, we did see emerging outflows and that’s intermediate type of level of outflows. But, I don’t think there was anything extraordinary in fixed income at all in the second quarter. If anything, if the trends continue, inflows -- in the short duration, inflows and unconstrained, and I think that continues to be the trend. And we continue -- now this is more intermediate again, we continue to see some very strong gains in municipals and that’s around the 10-year maturity, so -- 7 to 10-year. So I don’t think there’s any big trend. Rob?
Robert S. Kapito: So, Patrick, the only trend is what Larry mentioned in his opening remarks is that today, you can get as good a yield in a combination of risk-free assets and risk assets, as you can get in just risk assets. So, therefore, the flows that we’ve seen which are appropriate considering where interest rates are and where the risk-free rate has gone that people would come out of high yield and emerging markets because they are not getting compensated enough relative to risk-free rates. So, it wouldn’t be longer term and shorter term, it would just be riskier assets versus risk-free assets. And there, we saw the flows. And when that changes, we see the flows the other way. So we’re not worried about it. It’s really market-oriented and it’s those people that are investing for the short term versus the long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Great. So, thanks for taking the question. Just curious if we see true tariff wars emerge, what do you think the impact could on asset flows, where do you think we could see money fall out of in terms of asset classes, geographies and where do you think it flows into?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, it’ll flow more into dollar-based assets, generally we would see strengthening of the dollar. So, we would probably see some more dollar flows in the short run. In the long run, it may be negative. It really depends on if we had a real tariff war, does that disrupt the accelerated GDP growth that the U.S. is experiencing from tax reform. Does it create more uncertainties? But, if it doesn’t, if we don’t have at all outright tariff war that’s increased from this point now, I would say equity markets are cheaper today than they were in January where we’ve had great corporate earnings, record M&A, record amount of stock purchases. So, the amount of underlying equities has shrunk, and PEs have reduced. Now PEs are reduced from the year-to-date level from -- because of the global uncertainty. So, if there is more positive clarification that doesn’t lead to tariff wars, then the markets would probably reassert itself quite strongly. And if there is a tariff war, some of it’s priced into the market, some of it’s not. I would say, Michael that there’s some asymmetry here. I think there’s probably a little more upside right now than downside. But, let’s be clear. If it’s a trade, leads to a reduction in future GDP, then the market will have a setback. But as I said, PEs have fallen from the beginning of the year. So, the market is trying to digest all this as we speak. So, I’m pretty calm about it. But one thing I’ll say, and I said this in my prepared remarks, I have never witnessed more client conversations around this uncertainty, and the opportunities we have with some of the clients today are as large as ever. We’re having deeper conversation, broader conversations on clients on relooking at their risk on how to design their portfolios in these different types of scenarios. And probably the most important thing I could say is more and more clients are coming to BlackRock.
Operator: Your next question is from line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Kaimon Chung: Hi. This is Kaimon Chung in for Glenn Schorr. I think your margin improvement in not too greatest environment, great to see. And I heard you’re margin-aware and playing offensive for growth comments. But do you think you held back on any of the spending during the quarter and in particular G&A is up 20% year-over-year?
Laurence D. Fink: No.
Kaimon Chung: No?
Laurence D. Fink: No. I’m going to let Gary get into the details. We have not adjusted our spending related to investing in our future. We are going to continue to invest in our future to stay in front of our clients’ needs. I think what you’re seeing in terms of the margin expansion is, our investments in the past from technology is created better efficiencies, and we’re able to do more with less. Gary?
Gary S. Shedlin: So, thanks, Larry. So, I would just echo a couple things. One is I agree with Larry. We really are spending right now what we planned on spending when we went into the beginning of this year. We’re obviously trying to be more thoughtful as to spending in the places we get the greatest impact in the current market. So, there’s obviously always reallocation and rethinking as to what we want do with that spend. But, I think there’s no question that our heads are up, our eyes are forward, and we’re continuing to play offense in the market and continuing to invest in all of the strategic initiatives that we’ve talked at length with you about and discussed again at Investor Day. So, illiquids, factors portfolio construction, technology across the board, as Larry said in terms of alpha generation, digital distribution, our own operating platform, continuing to think smartly about investing in regions, especially in the current environment where maybe even more important than ever to be local in key markets. And so, I think that’s exactly right. On the other hand, again, as I echoed when we talked about our technology, growth from a year-over-year perspective. Quarterly margins are obviously -- we are -- even in positive markets, we would basically ask you to look at the trends overall. I think the trend over the last 12 months has been closer to around 80 basis points of margin improvement rather than what we saw this quarter. And so, spend will change on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And again, I think, looking at longer term trends is much more indicative of our operating leverage than necessarily on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Laurence D. Fink: As we constantly say, we're margin-aware.
Gary S. Shedlin: Especially in this environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I guess, my -- well, question maybe will have A and B. But, while we always talk about kind of organic growth from a flow perspective, I guess, what really matters is really the flow contribution to the bottom line. So, I guess with that in mind, can you maybe give a little bit of sense on how -- I mean, I know you don't want to focus too much on just one quarter, but if we kind a look at the mix, I think you kind of hinted that at a little bit. But how would you characterize kind of the bottom line contribution of flows this quarter and maybe how that compares to where it’s been last several quarters.
Gary S. Shedlin: Yes. Rob, thanks. Good question. So, obviously, as we saw investors pause amidst uncertainty in flows, specifically -- when we looked at what caused some of those slowdown in flows this quarter, we did see a slowdown in our organic based fee growth for the quarter. I would say that that slowdown was primarily driven by a client shift and sentiment on equities. We did see strength in alternatives. We did see strength in fixed income. Though there was a shift to shorter duration fixed income, and that does come with a bit of a lower fee, more broadly. If we look at equities, as Larry mentioned, we saw strong growth in core iShares but less momentum in higher fee non-core exposures versus what we’ve seen historically and in particular outflows in EEM, which is our flagship liquid emerging markets offering as well as in Europe, Japan and some non-U.S. developed markets in equities on a base-fee growth. If we think about those funds, clearly are relatively higher fee than the core. I think we additionally saw some slower active equity flows, particularly in Europe and Asia, which frankly is an area of strength for us from a performance standpoint. And as we’ve mentioned in the past in our discussions, divergent beta and FX, those carry higher fee rates. But again, I think we feel really confident that the broader platform is going to do what it's going to do. As Larry mentioned, we're having stronger and deeper conversation with our clients. And as this uncertainty passes, we're pretty convinced that we're right where we need to be when the client activity kicks back in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. 
Brennan Hawken: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just had one, hopefully throw little bit of greater color on the sec lending side, strong this quarter, highlighted some seasonality. But, it was up year-over-year as well. And we're hearing that regulatory changes in Europe have sort of softened to some of the traditional seasonality. So, maybe could you give a little bit of color on what you're seeing there? And is it volume versus spread dynamic? How should we think about that here this quarter?
Laurence D. Fink: It’s actually both. When we have record amount of M&A there, it produces more volume, or stocks are on special. In addition, when you have higher rates, it’s partially rates. And also, I do believe because of our position, because of the stable nature of our platform, and our investible assets or the assets that can be lent, we are able to command premium rates also because of the nature of the stability of these type of assets we have. And we made this as a major component of the value proposition that we provide to our iShares investors and to our index investors and we’re able to generate better returns for them. And in many cases because of the strength and the power of BlackRock sec lending business, we’re able to provide products after fees positive to the index.
Gary S. Shedlin: So Brennan, specifically to your question on a sequential basis where we saw sec lending up about 18%, I would say that it is definitely both a price and volume as Larry mentioned. I mean, the book was up but frankly, sequentially spreads were up more, and that helped drive it. And I think part of that was increasing rates. So, we saw asset spreads going up. And part of it obviously is just increased demand for specials, which I think is partly seasonal that you see in Europe but also just the fact that the M&A environment is up significantly is helping our business.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, let me thank everybody for joining us this morning. As I said in my prepared remarks earlier, we have seen markets like this before, we’ve seen customers and clients pause but I think we’re better prepared today to meet the clients’ needs than ever before and the opportunities in front of us have not been greater. Our second quarter results reflect the value that our diverse investment and technology platform provide for clients as they invest to achieve their long-term goals. We are confident that continued differentiation that BlackRock provides will enable us to deliver the growth that our shareholders ask of us and the scale opportunities over the long run to help both our clients and our shareholders. And I believe that is intact and the opportunities in front of us are as great as ever. Have a good quarter, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer Robert Kapito - President Christopher Meade - General Counsel
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Bill Katz - Citi Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Michael Carrier - Bank of America Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2018 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Good morning, everyone. I am Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2018. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results while our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial information, I will be focusing primarily on as-adjusted results. In addition as we have previously discussed, our first quarter 2018 financials reflect a recent adoption of FASB’s new revenue recognition accounting standard which became effective on January 1. The only significant change relates to the presentation of certain distribution costs, which were previously netted against revenues and are now presented as an expense on a gross basis. For 2017, the new standard resulted in a net gross up of approximately $1.1 billion to BlackRock revenue, a corresponding process to expand and no material impact to as adjusted operating income or as adjusted operating margin. In order to simplify historical comparisons of current and future results, we adopted the new standard on a full retrospective basis and filed an 8-K in late March with recapped quarterly results for 2016 and 2017. All year-over-year and sequential financial comparisons referenced on this call will relate current quarter results to these recast financials. After a strong start to the year driven by optimism related to U.S. tax reform and global economic growth, markets reversed in February and March at escalating trade tensions, inflationary concerns and a flattened yield curve cause investors to pull back. Despite this increased market volatility, BlackRock’s first quarter results once again demonstrate the value of the investments we have made to assemble the industry’s leading global investment and technology platform. The diversification and breadth of our business positions us to serve clients in a variety of market environments helping to drive consistent and differentiated organic growth. Paced by a strong January, BlackRock generated $55 billion of long-term net inflows in the first quarter representing 4% annualized organic asset growth and 5% annualized long-term organic base fee growth as quarterly organic asset growth reflected strong higher fee global retail flows. First quarter revenue of $3.6 billion increased 16% year-over-year, while operating income of $1.4 billion rose 20%. Earnings per share of $6.70, was up 28% compared to a year ago driven by higher operating results and a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $10 million of net investment gains. Recall that net interest expense in the first quarter of 2017 included $14 million of call premium expense associated with a debt refinancing. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 20% and included a $56 million discrete tax benefit related to stock-based compensation awards that vested during the quarter. We now estimate that 24% is a reasonable projected tax rate for the remainder of 2018. However, the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of nonrecurring of discrete items and the issuance of additional guidance on or changes to our analysis of recently enacted tax reform legislation. First quarter base fees of $2.9 billion were up 17% year-over-year driven primarily by market appreciation and organic base fee growth of 7% over the last 12 months. Sequentially base fees were up 2% reflecting a lower day count compared to the fourth quarter. Continued momentum in institutional Aladdin and expansion of our digital wealth and distribution technologies including Aladdin Risk for Wealth and Cachematrix resulted in 19% year-over-year growth in quarterly technology and risk management revenue. Demand remained strong for our full range of technology and risk management solutions which contributed again to both technology revenue and base fees. Today’s growth is a result of the investments we have made over time and we continued to invest in our business to create more opportunity for the future. Total expense increased 13% year-over-year driven by higher compensation, G&A and volume related expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up $101 million or 10% year-over-year driven primarily by higher headcount and increased incentive compensation associated with higher operating income, partially offset by approximately $20 million of severance and accelerated compensation expense associated with the repositioning of our active equity platform during the prior year period. Sequentially, compensation and benefit expense was down 2% due to lower incentive compensation primarily resulting from seasonally lower performance fees, partially offset by higher seasonal payroll taxes and an increase in stock based compensation expense related to new 2018 grants. G&A expense was up $87 million year-over-year reflecting higher levels of planned investment across a variety of categories including costs associated with MiFID II, but was also impacted by higher acquisition related fair value adjustments, product launch costs and FX re-measurement expense versus a year ago. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased $67 million in the fourth quarter reflecting in part seasonally lower marketing and promotional expense and reduced professional fees. Beginning this quarter, we are providing additional detail on both G&A and distribution and servicing costs which can be found on Page 8 of our earnings release. Direct fund expenses was up $55 million or 27% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average AUM as a result of significant growth in our iShares franchise. Our first quarter as adjusted operating margin of 44.1% was up 150 basis points versus the year ago quarter which included expense associated with our active equity platform repositioning. We continued to be margin aware and remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. We also remain committed to returning excess cash flow to our shareholders. We previously announced a 15% increase in our quarterly dividend to $2.88 per share of common stock and also repurchased an additional $335 million worth of common shares in the first quarter. As we finalize the impact of tax reform on BlackRock, we intend to review our capital management plans for the balance of 2018 with our Board of Directors in the coming months. Quarterly long-term net inflows of $55 billion were positive in both index and active strategies including approximately $1 billion of active equity net inflows during the quarter. We achieved 5% or greater long-term organic base fee growth for the fifth consecutive quarter despite the challenging market environment. Global iShares generated quarterly net inflows of $35 billion driven by strong flows into core ETFs. During recent periods of elevated market volatility, iShares ETF once again offered price transparency and secondary market liquidity to investors, demonstrated by the highest weekly exchange volume ever in the U.S., trading approximately $285 billion on exchange during a single week in February. Retail net inflows of $17 billion representing 11% annualized organic growth continued to trend positively and have now increased for five consecutive quarters. Inflows were positive in the U.S. and internationally and were paid by $10 billion of flows into our top performing active fixed income platform or 93% of our U.S. active fixed income mutual fund assets of top quartile performance over the trailing 5-year period. Equity inflows of $4 billion were driven by flows into active Asian and European equities while multi-asset flows were driven by $3 billion of flows into our multi-asset income fund. Institutional net inflows of $3 billion resulted from significant inflow and outflow activity during the quarter as various clients de-risked, rebalanced or saw liquidity in the current environment. Index flows of $10 billion driven by continued demand for LDI solutions more than offset active net outflows of $7 billion, which were impacted by a single multi-asset redemption related to client M&A activity and fixed income outflows linked to profit taking and cash repatriation planning. Despite overall flat organic asset growth, institutional clients drove 5% annualized organic base fee growth in the quarter driven in part by momentum in higher fee alternative products. Core alternatives, net inflows of nearly $2 billion reflected inflows into hedge funds, private equity solutions and infrastructure offerings. Illiquid alternative fundraising momentum continued into 2018 with an additional $2 billion in commitments raised during the first quarter. Finally, despite typical seasonal outflows in the cash industry during the first quarter, the strength of BlackRock’s cash management platform drove $3 billion of net inflows as we continue to invest in our cash business and leverage scale for clients. Overall, our first quarter results reflect the benefits and the investments we have made to build a differentiated global business model, which can perform in various market environments. Our goal remains to exceed clients’ needs by optimizing investments in talent and technology and delivering consistent and differentiated organic growth over time. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call. Driven by a strong January, BlackRock generated $55 billion of long-term net inflows in the first quarter representing a 4% annualized organic growth rate and a 5% annualized organic base fee growth in a volatile market environment. These results reflect our ability to deepen partnerships and manage holistic relationships with a more diverse and global set of clients than at any time in our history. Meeting with clients recently in Europe, in Asia and here in the United States, I believe we are positioned with clients has never been stronger. The quality of our discussions our people are having is more robust than ever. BlackRock’s technology and risk analytics and the diversity of our investment platform positions us to have a broader a deeper more robust conversations with our clients about their long-term needs. Following a period of historically low volatility in 2017, the record high equity markets in the first month of 2018, investors experienced the spike in equity market volatility in February and March rising concerns over a trade war and headlines in the technology sector have tempered investment sentiment causing many clients to pause or pullback as it become more uncertain about the future. In addition, the yield curve has hit its flattest level since October 2007 as it spread between 10 and 2-year treasuries has shrunk to just 50 basis points. While the prospects of rising rate tends to push investors away from long-dated fixed income, the flat curve is creating strong relative risk return opportunities in short duration funds and cash management strategies, which we saw clients take advantage of in the first quarter. While global economic growth prospects and expectations for corporate earnings remains strong in the quarter, the ongoing impact of U.S. tax reform and increased M&A activity influenced client behaviors and we saw a number of large inflows and a large amount of outflows as clients rebalanced and saw its liquidity to either fund future capital allocation or be more aggressive in share repurchases. Even with these various cross-currents retail and institutional clients turn to BlackRock over the quarter for both active and index strategies. Clients expressed demand across a diverse range of active and index fixed income strategies, including unconstrained short duration total return and emerging market debt funds. We also saw strong utilization of equity ETFs as simple and efficient tools for both taking on and deemphasizing market exposures. Finally, increasing demand for risk on assets and performance drove flows into active equities and alternative strategies. For long-term strategy at BlackRock has been to create a diverse and integrated global investment in technology platform, one that serves clients in all market environments. We harness this platform to construct and manage risk aware holistic portfolios that help clients to achieve long-term outcomes. We also provide institutions and intermediary partners with risk management and portfolio construction technology to better operate on their own businesses. As I discussed in my letter to shareholders in our annual report, this focus on client needs forms the foundation of our long-term strategy, it will continue to drive future growth at BlackRock for our clients and our shareholders. Our strategy is simple, we will continue investing in our business to establish a clear market leadership in areas of the greatest growth in client demand and we will leverage those full capabilities of our platform to enhance the value for our clients. In iShares, we have steadily invested over time and are the market leader today. We have generated over $900 billion of net inflows or a 22% annualized organic asset growth since we acquired the business in 2009. And in the first quarter, we once again captured the number one share year-to-date globally in the U.S. and European net inflows as well as a number one share of flows in the equity and smart beta categories. Demand is growing from clients who would utilize ETFs for efficient liquid market exposure through the secondary market. February’s volatile global equity markets drove heightened ETF trading volume and iShares performed as our clients have come to expect. During the week from February 5 through February 9 when the U.S. stock market had suffered its steepest declines in more than 2 years, U.S. listed ETFs traded more than $1 trillion on exchanges. With iShares creating a record $285 billion yet creates and redeem activity of iShares funds over that same period of time was very low at less than $3 billion, demonstrating the benefits of a robust secondary market to create additional liquidity in distressed markets. Our iShares core products generated $32 billion in net inflows in the quarter as we continued to see increased adoption by ETFs by individuals. They increasingly are using ETFs at the core of their portfolios alongside cost efficient and high performing active. Institutions are engaging with BlackRock to create solutions that use ETFs in innovative ways to drive absolute return and positive outcomes. For example, this quarter we worked with a client seeking in term and liquid exposures to hedge fund beta. While they completed due diligence for their long-term hedge fund allocation, we designed an optimized basket of low cost iShares that closely replicated a hedge funds index, while maximizing liquidity and minimizing tracking year. This is a great example of how we harness our scale, our technology and our portfolio construction expertise to create unique solutions that will meet our client’s needs. BlackRock’s top performing fixed income platform generated $27 billion of net inflows in the quarter. Capturing client demand in a rising rate environment, inflows were driven by a diverse range of strategies including unconstrained, total return, short duration strategies and our emerging market debt funds. We are also seeing early signs of progress since our active equity platform was revitalized a year ago when we segmented our product offerings across the risk return and value spectrum in the even more effectively harnessing the power of data science and technology to efficiently and consistently deliver investment performance. At the end of the quarter, 66% of our fundamental active funds and 84% of both systematic active equity products or above benchmark or peer mediums for the 1-year period. Illiquid alternatives also remained a strategic growth priority for BlackRock as clients search for diverse solutions, diverse sources of return. We raised $2 billion of new commitments in the quarter for a total of $18 billion of dry powder to invest on behalf of our clients as we continue to build out our platform. We currently are managing $49 billion across our illiquid alternative platform and including our illiquid strategies, our core alternative platform now has $102 billion in assets. Finally, our cash management platform is strongly positioned for future growth. We have invested organically and inorganically to build scale and enhance our distribution reach of our cash management platform. Today, we managed nearly $460 billion in cash. We generated $3 billion in net inflows in the first quarter despite seasonal outflows for the cash industry and we are very well-positioned for additional organic growth opportunities laid into the prospects of a rising rate environment as corporations are repatriating their cash related to the U.S. tax reform. Last month, we have crossed 10 years since the start of the financial crisis. Over this time, we have seen many developments in the regulatory environments that have impacted our clients’ operations and increased their need for technology solutions to help manage risk. Since our founding 30 years ago, we have always focused on using technology to better understand risk in client’s portfolios. Aladdin risk analytics capabilities are what enabled us to be a trusted advisor of our clients during the financial crisis. And as we look ahead, we will remain steadfast in maintaining a high standard for risk management and continuing to use technology to enhance our own and our clients business. The movement to our fee-based advice in wealth management globally has continued to be strong even with some greater uncertainty around the fiduciary rule in the U.S. We continue to view this as an important trend and will require wealth managers to put greater focus on the overall portfolio not just products. We will be more focused on risk management and most importantly there will be more focus on a repeatable scalable investment process. This fee-based trend in recent market volatility has increased demand for our capabilities such as Aladdin Risk for Wealth, our newly launched advisory center in the U.S., FutureAdvisor and iRetire, which helped advisors construct better portfolios and scaling there of their own businesses. Demand remains strong for institutional Aladdin business, especially in Europe where many of these of our clients are upgrading their technology infrastructure to support growth in a changing regulatory environment. We saw 19% year-over-year growth in our technology and risk management revenues in the first quarter and continue to expect double-digit growth going forward. In early 2018, we also established the BlackRock lab for artificial intelligence in Palo Alto. To advance how BlackRock uses artificial intelligence and associated disciplines, machine learning, data science, natural language processing to improve outcomes and to drive progress for our investors, for our clients and for the overall firm. Another area where technology and analytics are becoming increasingly important is in sustainable investing or ESG related strategies. More and more clients, not only in Europe, but increasingly in the United States are seeking to understand their exposures to various environmental, social and governance related risk in their investments. From BlackRock’s perspective, business relevant sustainable issues can contribute to a company’s long-term financial performance. For this reason, we are increasingly integrating these considerations into our technology and risk platform for our investment research, for portfolio construction and the stewardship process that we do. In addition, BlackRock now manages over $430 billion in sustainable investment strategies and we see demand growing from institutions and retail clients alike in line with our strategic focus on technology and being a market leader in areas of greatest client demand. Last month we appointed three new Directors with combined expertise in technology, financial services and fast growing markets to join our Board of Directors Peggy Johnson, Bill Ford and Mark Wilson will bring a deep institutional industry knowledge with fresh perspectives on key areas of future growth for BlackRock. The value BlackRock is delivering to clients and the growth we are generating for shareholders is driven by our talented employees living our principles and believing in our purpose every day. It’s our culture anchored in our principles that ensure we never forget who we are, who we serve even as the markets, our industry and even our firm experiences constant and sub times dramatic changes. Rob and I are focused on instilling this culture for a next generation with all of our 14,000 employees around the globe because that is what will position BlackRock to thrive and generate continued growth going forward in our next 30 years. We begin 2018 by maintaining our steadfast focus on the client’s needs. We continue to invest in and execute on our strategy for long-term growth leveraging the benefits of our technology and scale, reinvigorating our focus on institutionalizing our culture for our future. With that let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hi Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hi , good morning Larry. Gary, thanks for taking my question here. So over the last 2 years equity ETF flows have benefited from the implementation of the DOL [ph] role which is now vacated and also very strong equity market backdrop which triggered re-risking, I am just wondering how do you look for equity ETF flows to trend here, is there some deceleration as we have this evolving backdrop and also what’s the risk now to equity ETF outflows if we have a large pullback in the equity markets just given that the business is now more mature?
Robert Kapito: So we are going to be subject to the same cycles Craig that everyone else’s in our active equity flows. But today, we are in a much better position because we have performance and our products are priced properly should be the best value in their class. So as we see cycles move towards active equities when active equity managers can outperform the benchmark including their fees, you will expect to see some flows out of the index product into the active equity product and we should be the beneficiary of that. With the changes in the DOL rules a lot of the financial advisors have been using index like an ETF products to create model portfolios and build those model portfolios with the least expensive products. But as the cycle started to change they will start to incorporate more active products in that both active fixed income and active equities and we should be the beneficiary of that now more than we have been in the past.
Laurence Fink: Craig I would also add, we have witnessed a big shift from the big financial advisory firms more towards advice. I think that shift is moving more rapidly whether we are guided by a fiduciary rule or not next week, the SEC will be reviewing this. So we will hear from the SEC. But I do believe that changes that we have witnessed by the large platforms has changed how they sell products, I think it’s much more portfolio based. I believe it’s – we will continue to be more portfolio baseless product base, more solutions based, but I would also say they are in confusion as you suggested in U.S., but in Europe it’s moved. Europe has definitely moved especially with MiFID II much more towards advice and through a portfolio of solution. So I think this trend towards advice is global, it is not slowing down. And I do believe and I will reconfirm it the secular growth in ETFs will continue to be very strong we have said and we have not changed our opinions over the next 3 years to 5 years ETFs will double in size.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Laurence Fink: Hi Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. It can’t help, but try to ask you guys if the move up in LIBOR and LIBOR OIS, curious if you think it’s indicative of any future credit prompts just to move up in rates and rate expectations and some technical issues and then importantly how does that impact your fixed income platform flows activity levels things like that?
Gary Shedlin: So volatility in fixed income market was actually really good for us as you know Glenn. We are one of the largest players in the fixed income space and creating some more interest in higher rates is going to pull a significant amount of money out of the cash into products that have been fairly stable for quite a long period of time. So you know that there is a very big imbalance right now because of volatility where we estimate there is over $50 trillion of cash that’s sitting in bank accounts earning less than 1%, some places negative. So as rates go up especially in the short end that is going to attract a lot of this cash into the fixed income markets of which we can manage that money rather directly into the normal fixed income products or into ETF fixed income products which seem to be getting a lot of the new flows from rises in rates.
Laurence Fink: I am going to also add Glenn, we did witness outflows in high yield as an industry, as a firm and so your statement related to LIBOR, there I think it’s a reflection on some fears of the credit markets are – have over I think the credit spreads have tightened way too much and are going to witness some possible widening of yes more of a directional of the equity markets more than anything else. I don’t believe it’s a systemic change, but I do believe the rise in LIBOR is an indicator of some poor positioning by some professionals, but I don’t think it’s anything of any significance at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi.
Laurence Fink: Hey Bill.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much. Good morning everyone and thank you for taking the question. Just coming back to expenses, so thank you very much for the added disclosure, that is helpful. As we look at the 383, particularly in the G&A line, $32 million how should we think about that going forward, Gary you mentioned a few things in there that sort of affected the year-to-year change, but I know you are spending a bit, I heard that the income through the commentary as well, is this a good base to run-off of or are there more seasonal pressures here that maybe changed up to basically get to the second half of the year?
Gary Shedlin: Good morning, Bill. Thanks for your questions. I think we tried to answer that question last quarter, we will continue to try and answer it again. I think that we need to continually focus on looking at the entirety of our discretionary expense base. There is definitely an interplay between our G&A line and compensation and as we continue to invest more across the platform some of those items will hit the G&A line like data, like technology, like occupancy, obviously MiFID II costs hit there as well. But we are also as we do that we are able to change the composition of our employee base. So, I think as we said before as we would expect G&A expense to increase in stable markets, we are also looking for compensation as a percent of revenue to decline primarily as a functional historical investment and scale in our business. So, the result when you look at the two of them again assuming that we have got fairly stable markets is continued upward bios in our margin and we intend to continue playing offense in this environment. We went into 2018 planning to basically invest as much in the business as we have in years. And I think for the moment really nothing is changing our view there. That being said, I think we have tried to call out and you will see obviously on some of the disclosures there, I mean, most of that was basically in our cue, we are moving it up a little bit. We have added a few lines. We have been calling out what we have called some more episodic, let’s call it non-core G&A lines that make that line item bump around a lot and we think hopefully with the incremental disclosure you will have better insight as to what the recurring investment through that category is.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about the BlackRock lab for artificial intelligence, just curious how you are thinking about the key objectives for this lab how you are betting it within the overall organization and what sort of metrics you are focused on in measuring the success of this lab and maybe you can share with us any sort of stats on the headcount and how you see that growing over the next couple of years?
Laurence Fink: So, this is really quite important to us and it dovetails with the first area that we have built to assist portfolio managers, which is the BlackRock Investment Institute and this was getting all of our portfolio teams together with some of the best econometrics and people to talk about how we can structure portfolios better. Once we have that together and that’s a pretty significant group of people that meet 4 times a year and produce weekly commentaries and this is really for internal use. With the success of that, we wanted to take this further, because we believe that utilizing artificial intelligence and people, so man and machine is going to create a better result of man or machine. And so what we are doing is we are staffing up and we hired a number of technology-oriented people, we have hired someone from NASA, we have hired someone from the technology area out-west. And what we are doing is we are putting together a group to start to use the technology that we have already built to see how we can find some significance in that forward performance. So, this is the beginning of what everyone has been writing about. It’s more than just fin-tech. This is using data to try to pull it in first which is not easy to do. Yes, there is the technology to pull in the data of which most data has only been around for the last 5 years getting access to the data, pulling it in, analyzing it, seeing if there is any significance to it and then testing that in the portfolios of our performance. So, this is a real important effort that’s going on and we are investing quite a lot into this and it will dovetail into our investment institute, the internal research that we do, the portfolio manager’s capability and eventually all be able to be the throughput through Aladdin and our other technology.
Robert Kapito: Let me add one more thing Michael. As I have said in many quarterly updates and I just discussed that in my Chairman’s letter that is going to be released, I guess, Friday, Monday, I have it already. Technology continues to be one of our most important focuses as a firm. And this is a focus not just for the investment areas of focus across the entire firm. Clearly, using technology to give us better insights for investment performance is key, but we have historically have used technology to improve our operational scale, I think this is one of the reasons why our margins have improved over the last 5 years. We are using technology to enhance our connectivity with our clients in creating better distribution technology. And obviously we have historically viewed technology to enhance our risk analytics. So our scale and our global reach is allowing us to continue to invest and invest significantly for the future on behalf of our shareholders and our client. But there is I think our labs is just another step in this investment. The key for us to continue to drive our scale, our connectivity to our clients and better investment performance is pretty better operational efficiencies. So if you find this question about how many people we are going to be hiring and overall that’s significant whether the number is as we – that is our expectation that these investments as they have in the past is going to create more operational efficiencies over the longer. And I believe that’s how we continue to drive our business, are driving by creating better operating efficiencies, by creating more scale, especially as we expand globally and the needs for better risk analytics as we are investing more and more globally worldwide. So this is just a component, it’s pretty special as Rob suggested. And we believe we are going to get better, deeper insight on AI specifically with this one investment, but it is part of the whole strategy of investing related to technology.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Laurence Fink: Hi Brian.
Brian Bedell: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe to shift back to the financial advisor sales effort that you guys have been obviously really printing up to the last few years and especially with Aladdin for Wealth, could you just mention the potential for a renewed sort of advisors revisiting active strategies, maybe if you can talk about that a little bit more and how you are positioning your ETF franchise versus your active franchise with advisors. And also on smart beta, obviously we have been more in a beta rally with the ETF flows over the last year or so, do you see a greater demand for smart beta products versus the beta with the certain new volatility regime in the markets?
Laurence Fink: So working backwards, we are seeing a huge demand for our smart beta product. And you know that in 2017 we saw about 15% organic growth in smart beta and we are really differentiating ourselves in that particular area. At the end of the first quarter, we managed about $190 billion in factor based products including 108 of smart beta ETFs which were the number one player. iShares now has a global lineup of 147 smart beta ETFs, so we have created that as we are seeing the demand. We did see factor based inflows of about $3 billion this quarter, representing so far 6% annualized organic growth rates. So we believe the fact that strategies are going to continue to grow and we are investing in people and technology in the states. We have a pretty good set of unique advantages in factors, a rich history of innovation and thought leadership. As we created the first smart beta equity yield fund in 1979, we have the full spectrum of strategies from smart beta whether it be multifactor, single factor min valve to enhance to long only factors which enable us to actually create solutions. The construction capabilities I believe that we have help our clients to construct what we call a factor aware model, that technology and analytics that we have powered by Aladdin really help our team isolate and monitor factors in our investment process and to perform the necessary risk and analysis for clients and lastly, our people which we have included Andrew Ang, who heads our factor-based strategies group and they bring significant portfolio construction experience and model-based investment skills for the clients. Now, when it comes to ETFs and financial advisors, financial advisors are being asked to do more, it’s not a stock picking or bond picking environment. What they need to do is they need to have the tools to be able to understand the risk behind the individual portfolios that they have, they need help in modeling portfolios. And a lot of this is going to be coming through technology. So, we have spent many, many years now building technology for large institutional clients and have had most recently the ability to use that technology to bring it to the financial advisor, where they could look at individual portfolios and understand the risk that they have in the returns and match it to the liabilities or the outcome that a client needs and not only individual, but they could do it in aggregate for all of the portfolios that they are overseeing. That gives them not only the ability to have better information, but it also gives them the ability to be much more efficient and they can handle many, many more clients. So, by working to understand what they need for their clients, they need to grow their business. We are seeing a huge demand for that capability. And of course when you are modeling and the changes in compensation have taken place for financial advisors, they need to create portfolios based upon the lowest priced products that they could have, and that describes some of the movement between the alpha seeking strategies and the passive and ETF business. And part of the ETF business is driven by this need to have products to express precision ways to get returns in a portfolio that they have. So, it all dovetails in if you have now the analytics, the technology, the modeling capability, the portfolio construction experience and then the products to put in. And if you think about what Larry described in his opening session, it was developing these tools specifically for that and that’s been our mission and I think that’s what’s driving more financial advisors who want to work with BlackRock, because we can provide the full service that they need for their business going forward and achieve the desired result for their client.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Hi, Larry. Thanks a lot. So just a question on the institutional channel and just two parts you mentioned lot of the inflows and outflows kind of the lumpy things in the quarter, has that mostly died down or do you expect more and the more important question is you highlighted the alternative platform. And specifically on the illiquids, I think you guys are around $50 billion, it’s definitely scale relative to some of the players in the industry, but some are at 150, 200 plus have relationships with most of the LPs out there. So, if you all fund-raising backdrops create, just wanted to get an update on your guys’ strategy, maybe ambitions for the illiquid alts and where you think that can be over the next couple of years?
Laurence Fink: I think you are correct in saying we had a good quarter. We expect illiquid alts could be one of the more significant delta or net drivers for us in the next few years. We have spent since 2012 a long foundation in building our infrastructure business is up to $18 billion now we are out fund-raising now for another global alternative energy fund. We are in the process of raising long-term private capital fund. And so I think we are going to have a lot to talk about over the next few quarters related to the opportunities and the position that BlackRock has across our illiquid platform. I would also though suggest I think we are in very good position in our illiquid alts area too. So, we look at this as a important growth area for the firm. We believe this will be a continuing waiver in our net organic base fee column. And we purposely have been investing in these areas now for the last 5 years and I do believe we are just beginning to see the net positive flows into these strategies.
Gary Shedlin: Michael, I would just remind people that a couple of things on the illiquid alts business. First of all, when we talk about the so-called committed, but un-invested capital that there is about an $18 billion incremental pipeline for that $50 billion number that you mentioned, which frankly is across the board both in terms of private equity solutions and private credit, which is a big focus for us. Larry mentioned both real estate infrastructure and obviously by virtue of the fact that we are a solutions oriented firm we actually have a fairly significant effort and time together solutions of alternatives, which has got another couple billion of commitments that are outstanding. Secondly and that not creates as you know for us, because we call it committed capital and not net new business, it’s because we don’t earn fees on the committed capital, so if that committed capital basically gets put into the ground that becomes a future bank of net new business for us going forward. And then secondarily just because the performance fee line gets a lot of attention now and then remember, we also don’t account for our performance fees in illiquids the same way as some of those pure-plays do. We are basically waiting until the end of the cycle of those funds once the capital is returned and no longer subject to claw-back and we are not marking to market that across the board. We do try to provide some incremental disclosure for you in some of our annual filings on that, so you have an idea of what the built-in bank there is. But I think as we think about it, we are very bullish on the future growth prospects of that sector.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks. Hey, guys. Wondering if you can give us an update on the actives business outside the U.S. really just helping you guys could maybe give us a little bit incremental color on where you see the biggest opportunities and what you are most optimistic about outside the U.S.?
Laurence Fink: So, the area that we are seeing the most interest right now is in Asian equity franchise. A lot of people are looking for exposure there and lucky for us we have some very large products that have excellent performance. Those where we saw some of the inflows this quarter and expect that to continue as we are hearing more and more people are trying to figure out how to get exposure into those areas. The second area is the European equity and European equity hedge fund that we have, both have significant demand primarily because of their long-term track record and performance and you find the cycle here of what we are saying. When you have good products at the right price with good performance, people find out and want to invest but the two I think growth areas for us outside of the U.S. have been European equities, primarily in the large cap side and Asian equities really across the stack.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Pat.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning. So, we are starting to see UK pension mandate consolidation enough if you press or accelerate and we would expect the upcoming consult and anti-competition review to push that along. As one of the largest pension managers there, I imagine you could be a consolidator through this theme. So, could you speak to how that’s playing out from a flow and fee perspective and how you see BlackRock positioned as a net winner or a loser as it plays out?
Laurence Fink: Well, right now, I would say considering the things that we are working on we will be a beneficiary of money that’s going to be in motion, because of the changes in regulation and the movement of money out of some of the pension plans. So that’s on the good side. On the negative side of that, there is nobody that wants to pay increased fees, I can assure you that. So this is where the scale and size and efficiency that a manager have is going to put them added advantage. And that’s really what the key advantage is for us to be able to go in and take a large size at fee levels that are within the context of what they are willing to pay. So I think we will be a beneficiary, but it’s going to be a lot of work and the revenue opportunities are not going to be as large as one might think.
Laurence Fink: I will just add one more point to that before going to my closing remarks. The consultant community because you suggested has been a heavy winner in some of the OCIO businesses. I think that’s where the opportunities will be for us and as Rob suggested those are the lower fee businesses. But I do believe there we can be a consolidator and we don’t have any apparent conflicts that are being investigated in the UK pension community. With that, let me just thank you all for joining us this morning and having continued interest in BlackRock. BlackRock’s first quarter results reflect the value that our diverse investment platform, investments we made, our risk management capabilities, our technology what we provide to our clients as they are trying to invest to achieve their long-term goals. We have continuously evolved our platform to deliver the outcomes for our clients through a changing market backdrop and today we are better positioned. We are having deeper dialogues. We are having more consistent meetings with our clients than ever before. In these higher volatility moments this is when BlackRock over 30 years have differentiated ourselves. The anomaly of low volatility in 2017 is now over, we are back to more volatile world, different inputs, different issues and this is where BlackRock is – has historically done quite well and I believe we are well-positioned for that. We are focused on delivering growth and scale advantages to both our clients and our shareholders in 2018. And I think the first quarter was a good start to that and I expect a continuation of that throughout 2018. So have a good quarter. And we will talk to everybody sometimes in July.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence Fink - Chairman and CEO Gary Shedlin - CFO Robert Kapito - President Christopher Meade - General Counsel
Analysts: Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Dan Fannon - Jefferies Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Bill Katz - Citi Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Kaimon Chung - Evercore
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shinger and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and Happy New Year to everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the fourth quarter and full year 2017. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I’ll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results this morning. 2017 was a record year for BlackRock, and we once again executed on each component of our framework for shareholder value creation. BlackRock generated $367 billion of total net inflows in 2017, including 103 billion of total flows in the fourth quarter, representing 7% organic asset growth and the strongest flows in our history. Full year net inflows were positive across client type, asset class, major region, and investment style. More importantly, our 2017 net asset flows represented long-term organic base fee growth of 7%, evidencing the breadth and diversification of our global investment platform.  We continue to invest in our business, while simultaneously expanding our full year operating margin by 40 basis points; and after first investing for growth, we returned approximately $2.8 billion of capital to our shareholders during the year. Full year revenue of $12.5 billion was up 12% versus 2016, and operating income of $5.3 billion increased 13%. We saw accelerated momentum in the fourth quarter with revenue and operating income increasing 20% and 21% respectively versus the year ago quarter. 2017 as adjusted earnings per share of $22.60 was up 17% versus 2016 and excluded the impact of a $1.3 billion net tax benefit related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The $1.3 billion net benefit was comprised of a $1.8 billion non-cash tax benefit related to the revaluation of US deferred tax liabilities, partially offset by a $477 million repatriation tax expense, which is payable over eight years. Our current analysis suggests a projected tax run rate of approximately 23% for 2018, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and issuance of additional guidance on or changes to our analysis of recent tax reform legislation. Fourth quarter base fees of $2.9 billion were up 16% year-over-year, driven by market appreciation and organic growth. Full year base fees were up 10% versus 2016, reflecting similar growth dynamics, but partially offset by the impact of historical pricing investments in our iShares business. Fourth quarter performance fees of $285 million reflected strong alpha generation from our diversified hedge fund platform and long-only equity products. Full year performance fees of 594 million were up substantially compared to 2016. Quarterly technology and risk management revenue grew 15% year-over-year, driving 14% full year growth versus 2016 led by continued momentum in institutional Aladdin and Aladdin Risk for wealth management. We accelerated the expansion of our technology portfolio during 2017 with the acquisition of Cachematrix and minority investments in iCapital and Scalable Capital. Our investments in technology and data will enhance our ability to generate alpha and more efficiently serve clients, resulting in growth in both base fees and technology revenue. Total expense increased 11% in 2017, driven primarily by higher compensation, volume related and G&A expense. For the full year, compensation expense increased $388 million or 10%, primarily reflecting higher incentive compensation driven by higher performance fees and higher operating income. Our full-year comp to revenue ratio of 33.9% declined 60 basis points versus 2016, driven by the changing composition of our employee base and increased technology investment. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we determine compensation on a full year basis. Direct fund expense was up $138 million or 18% in 2017, primarily reflecting higher average AUM as a result of significant growth in our iShares franchise. G&A expense increased 12% in 2017, reflecting higher core technology and data spend and the impact of various one-off items, including professional fees related to deal activity, Brexit, MiFID II, and tax reform as well as FX re-measurement expense, increased contingent payments, and purchase price fair value adjustments.  We continually focus on managing our entire discretionary expense base. While we would expect 2018 G&A expense to increase in stable markets, we would also expect compensation as a percent of revenue to decline as a function of historical investment and increased scale in our business, resulting in continued upward bias in our operating margin. BlackRock’s record 2017 financial performance reflects these historical investments and the strength of our globally integrated asset management and technology business.  During 2017, our differentiated platform delivered 7% long-term organic base fee growth, 9% organic asset growth in our cash platform, and 14% growth in our technology and risk management revenue, while also expanding our operating margin to 44.1%. We do not manage the business to a specific margin target, but we are always margin aware and remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. Beyond the P&L, investing cash flow to grow the business is another critical component of our growth strategy. During 2017, we continued to lay the foundation for future growth by increasing our seed and co-investment portfolio by approximately $500 million, and beyond the technology related acquisitions previously noted, announcing the acquisition of Citibanamex Asset Management furthering our goal to be a full solutions provider in Mexico, and closing the acquisition of First Reserve’s energy infrastructure funds, continuing the build out of our leading illiquid alternatives platform.  We remain committed to returning excess cash to shareholders, and during 2017 returned approximately $2.8 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased another $1.1 billion of shares in 2017 and now have repurchased almost 16 million shares over the last five years, representing a 20% unlevered annualized return for our shareholders. Consistent with our predictable and balanced approach to capital management, our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $2.88 per share, representing an increase of 15% over the prior level.  In addition, subject to market conditions, including the relative valuation of our stock price, we would anticipate share repurchases aggregating $1.2 billion during 2018. Over the next few months, as we finalize the impact of tax reform on BlackRock and clarify the potential for future investment opportunities, especially our ability to more aggressively seed and co-invest in new products, we plan to reassess our capital management plans for the balance of 2018. Fourth quarter long-term net inflows of $81 billion reflected 6% annualized organic asset growth and marked our sixth consecutive quarter with organic AUM growth in excess of 5%. Record full year total inflows of $367 billion benefited from significant flows into iShares as both institutional and retail clients use ETFs for core investments, precision exposures, and financial instruments.  Global iShares generated a record $245 billion of new business for the year, representing full-year organic growth of 19%, with flows split nearly evenly between core and higher fee non-core exposures. Since BlackRock launched the iShares core funds five years ago, we've seen over $275 billion of net inflows, including $122 billion of net inflows in 2017 alone. Three of the industry's top five ETFs in terms of net new assets globally this year were iShares’ core ETFs, IVV or S&P 500 fund, IEFA for developed international market exposure, and IEMG our core emerging markets fund. Full year retail net inflows of $30 billion were placed by our broad range of fixed income products, our multi-asset income fund and the indexed equity. BlackRock’s institutional franchise generated a record $55 billion in net flows for the year, positive across alpha seeking and indexed strategies. 2017 was another strong fundraising year for illiquid alternatives, as we raised more than $11 billion in new commitments. BlackRock now has approximately $17 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of illiquid strategies.  Finally, BlackRock’s cash management platform saw $38 billion of net inflows or 9% organic growth for the year, reflecting continued market share gains and several large wins. The strong growth in cash management also reflects successful identification and integration of acquisitions to strengthen our platform and leverage our scale. In summary, 2017 was a very strong year for BlackRock. Our diversified business model once again delivered industry leading organic growth and consistent financial results. We are committed to continuously evolving, investing in and disrupting our platform to benefit clients. We believe our platform is as well positioned as it's ever been to meet those needs and to deliver long term value for shareholders. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining the call. The strength of BlackRock’s 2017 results reflects long-term strategic advantages we've created by constantly investing in our business ahead of our clients’ changing needs. BlackRock generated $367 billion of total net inflows during the year, an increase of over 80% versus our previous record of $202 billion last year. These flows reflect the trust we have earned from clients to help solve their most difficult investment challenges and they are the strongest flows we've ever generated in a one year period.  They were driven by our ability to deliver complete investment solutions, industry leading technology and thought leadership through an evolving investment landscape. Equity markets reached an all-time high in 2017, driven by a synchronized economic growth around the world and continued easy monetary policy. Europe is experiencing its fastest economic expansion since 2011, aided by greater political certainty. After 30 years of stagnation, Japan is once again seeing positive growth.  In the US, strong corporate earnings, increased consumer demand and the reason tax reform have continued to drive strong equity markets. And as the leadership in China continues to gradually address historical leverage levels and pivot towards higher growth areas, Chinese GDP once again expanded at a rate approaching 7%. Yet, we are seeing a paradox of high returns and yet we still see high anxiety. As past prices have instilled more caution in investors, the industry has seen a continued focus on downside risk, putting a premium on lower risk bonds, anchoring interest rates at historical low levels and driving many investors to over allocate to cash and to other safe havens.  However, in these times of greater certainty and economic growth, there's an even greater need to focus on investing in the long run. As an example, an individual with $1000 in 1950 would have around $20,000 today if they saved in a US bank account versus $1 million if they invested in the S&P in 1950. Just as we believe in the importance and benefits of clients investing for the long term to create better financial futures, we also believe in investing in BlackRock with the same future prospective. We enter 2018, BlackRock’s 30th year with more than $6 trillion in assets under management.  From our roots in 1988 as a fixed income manager, we've invested over time to expand the breadth, the globality of our businesses to stay ahead of our clients' needs and we're seeing the benefits of those investments in our results today. In 2017, 13 countries and 68 different products generated more than $1 billion of net inflows. BlackRock’s technology is now used by clients in 50 countries and more people than ever before are looking to BlackRock as a thought leader as evidenced by over 8000 media mentions received through the Black Rock Investment Institute in 2017.  While past investments have shaped the BlackRock of today, we remain steadfast in our approach to investing in BlackRock’s future and we've just finished two days of meetings with BlackRock’s Board of Directors where we reviewed our strategy tactically and our long-term strategies for the future. Our consistent investment in iShares and the broader ETF ecosystem has propelled BlackRock iShares franchise to more than $1.7 trillion of assets across 800 different funds.  Record iShares inflows of 245 billion in 2017, including $55 billion in our fourth quarter earned iShares the number one share of global, US and European flows for the year as well the number one share in equity and fixed income and in core exposures and also in smart beta. Growth has been driven by our commitment to provide clients with a differentiating offering, capital markets and technical product expertise, a diverse set of products ranging from the established industry benchmarks to innovative exposures, investment thought leadership and importantly distribution technology.  Growth has also been driven by increasing adaptation by clients using ETFs in different ways as ETFs have made investing more accessible to both institutions and individuals. And over the past two years, $368 billion of inflows in iShares have matched the entirety of the ETF business we acquired from BGI in 2009. And as we think about providing even more clients with the ability to use ETFs to deliver efficient model portfolios.  We've invested in a number of digital wealth technologies to better serve our distribution partners in a changing wealth landscape. FutureAdvisor, our digital wealth offering in the US, Scalable Capital, our strategic investment in Europe, both strengthen our relationships with intermediary partners, allowing them to effectively scale their businesses with a systematic investment process and ultimately expand the ETF market and iShares’ reach. Beyond digital wealth, technology is enabling more productive engagements with more financial advisors than ever before. Driving accelerated asset and base fee growth across our platform, Blackrock is using better data and technology to scale our own wealth advisory sales teams and equipping them with a better insight about our clients, about their portfolios and giving a much better texture about markets.  In 2017, in the US for example, we extended our reach to do our business with 25% more advisors and conducted nearly 1 million advisory engagements without meaningful, increasing our cost base in this distribution channel. We continue to invest in technology both organically and inorganically. Our Aladdin technology, which we have invested in the -- since the foundation of BlackRock has played a major role in allowing us to scale our own business efficiently over time.  It is a key reason that BlackRock has been able to grow from 8 people and managing about $1 billion in assets when we founded the firm to nearly 14,000 employees entrusted with $6.3 trillion today. Aladdin and our other technologies and risk management offerings generated $677 million of revenues in 2017, representing a 14% year-over-year growth and we now have over 200 Aladdin clients, including more than a half dozen of Aladdin risk for wealth management.  The importance of technology continues to increase across our platform and is intersecting with every major strategic theme we are focused on, including retirement. We see tremendous opportunities to leverage our technology such as iRetire for example to address the ongoing global retirement challenge.  Technology is impacting businesses like cash management as well and in 2017, we acquired Cachematrix, a technology portal that enhances banks' abilities to address our corporate clients’ cash management needs. Cachematrix allows BlackRock to provide a scalable technology solution to our bank clients while also expanding the reach of our cash management strategies. BlackRock saw 38 billion of net inflows into cash management strategies in 2017 and we now manage $450 billion in cash assets as the investments we made to grow and scale this business over the last few years are bearing wonderful results.  For clients looking for greater alpha potential, BlackRock is leveraging the powerful combination of our human insights and technology to deliver consistent, durable alpha. 70% and 83% of our fundamental and systematic active equity assets respectively have performed above benchmark or peer mediums for one year and those numbers are 72% and 87% for a three year period of time.  On the distribution side, we reaffirmed our belief in the long term growth potential of the Mexican market through our recent announcement to acquire Citibanamex Asset Management business. The combined firm brought BlackRock’s access to Mexico's wealth management, providing clients' access to BlackRock’s international products and to build a partnership to create more innovative, multi asset solutions. We also focus on other high growth geographies like China where significant regulatory changes are opening up new opportunities for the future. Last month, BlackRock obtained our private fund management registration, which enables us to manufacture and privately distribute onshore funds in China to qualified institutions and high net worth individuals in China.  With more assets under management on behalf of more diverse client base than ever before, the responsibility BlackRock feels to our clients has never been greater. We have a responsibility to meet the clients’ demands for investment strategies that will create a positive environmental and social impact, while generating strong financial returns.  We recently hired Brian Deese, a former senior advisor to President Obama on client energy to lead our sustainable investment business where we see a significant long-term opportunity for BlackRock worldwide. As a fiduciary, we have a responsibility to engage with companies in which we invest to ensure long-term value creation for clients. We have the industry's largest investment stewardship team and rebuilding this team even further as we recognize the growing importance and value of a strong stewardship.  Our team engaged with more than 1600 companies in 2017 on a range of issues and voted on more than 17,000 shareholder meetings worldwide on more than 162,000 proposals, I get that out, that’s a lot of proposals. It is a dedication of our employees across the globe that drove our 2017 results and positions us well for 2018. Since BlackRock’s foundings, we have been encouraged -- everyone to act like owners that all employees work hard to instill the principles of our firm’s culture. It's important that we continue to institutionalize that culture, especially as we prepare for the future for BlackRock. Rob and I have never worked harder, nor enjoyed our jobs more than ever before and we have no intentions of being here -- we have every intention of being here all the time and no intentions of leaving.  But, it is also a reality that we won’t be here forever and BlackRock’s future is critical in linking and retaining what I consider the best management team in the industry. We have a robust leadership plan that we regularly review with our board, including ongoing development initiatives for our senior team. We recently implemented a key strategic part of that plan by issuing a one-time long-term equity incentive grant to a small group of senior leaders.  These equity awards will vest over an extended timeframe of five to seven years and are focused on ensuring the interests of the next generational leaders, individuals who we believe will play critical roles in BlackRock’s future that are aligned with both clients and shareholders much as mine and Rob have been over the last 30 years. As we enter 2018, all of us at BlackRock are humbled by the trust our clients have placed on us. We will continue to make investments in BlackRock’s future, to grow investment and technology capabilities, to expand our geographic footprint and to further enhance our talent so that we can ensure we meet our daily responsibility to our clients and deliver the returns to our shareholders that we all expect. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Worthington from JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: I'm curious to hear your thoughts about how access to ETF distribution is evolving globally and how this evolution may impact BlackRock? So, two examples. Ameritrade has changed access on its -- to its ETFs on its commission-free platform, and some ETF providers got kicked off and others got brought on. And then, Vanguard has gotten kicked off in a number of large platforms because they don't pay the platform fees, so does access to ETF distribution play out differently for ETFs than access for mutual fund distributions, distribution sorry. How does this shape the competitive landscape for ETFs? And then I guess lastly, does this drive consolidation in ETFs?
Laurence Fink: Let me have Rob start off with that answer.
Robert Kapito: So, I don't think it drives consolidation. This is a growing market and with the interest in it, there's a lot more players that want to be involved in the distribution. There are a lot of people that want to get in the game. Sometimes, you get in the game by different offerings you would have at different price levels. So, I think this is just the normal process of a fund – of a product growing and figuring out better rappers and better ways to distribute that product.  So we're not worried about it. We participate in it. We watch it very closely. It's just part of the normal growth, I believe of any product on a distribution platform. And also, the distribution platforms are changing themselves and becoming a lot more competitive, and when you add this along with a lot of the regulatory issues that are looking at transparency and cost, this is all going to be very, very fluid.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add one other thing, Ken. We have -- as you know, we do not go to the last mile and work with any individual client. Our business model is to work with distribution platforms and helping them navigate their clients. So I would state that these changes that you're seeing in some of the distribution platforms plays very well into the BlackRock business model. We work with all the distribution platforms globally.  The access that we are experiencing in Europe as they’ve consolidated managers for years, both in the mutual fund side and the ETF side and in the United States, the access that we're presenting and it is evident by the -- where some of the different distribution platforms are using models, they're utilizing many of BlackRock’s models in terms of the creation of ETFs and a creation of a portfolio of ETFs. So, if I had to make a bias, the trends of using fewer investment managers is not a new phenomenon. I don't even think it’s a new phenomenon for ETFs, but that trend has been existing for years, and because of our business model, that plays quite well with our business model working with all distribution platforms and we don't compete with our distribution partners.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: I think since you merged the scientific and active equity businesses, could you maybe give us an update on the progress of those two working together and maybe any anecdotes or examples of how it has led to improved performance for any specific strategies on either side?
Robert Kapito: So we are combining our efforts, so that we can offer a spectrum of equity investments to our clients. But clearly, when you take a look at what scientific active equity offers, it is a lot of signals that are very short-term oriented, and if you look at fundamentals, there is a lot of work that's on long-term signals. It just makes sense to us to combine the two because they both are related to each other.  So when we combine those two with the BlackRock Investment Institute that we have that looks at both micro and macro issues in the marketplace, we think that we are going to get much better value and performance from our portfolio managers, who will have much better information both about the short term and the long term. And actually, we’re seeing the results of that already in the performance of both sides of the portfolio.  When we combined those two, keep in mind we're also combining the research both in the quantitative method and the fundamental method. And this has also worked very well for us in light of the MiFID II requirements where I’m not sure people are aware, but we have over 400 analysts internally that develop our own research. So we're putting together the quantitative, the fundamental tools, we're putting together the research, the portfolio managers all have access, and what's happening is we're getting much better wholesome alpha from both of the teams. So, so far, I would say it's been a very good success. 
Laurence Fink: I would just add one last thing. We did have $1 billion of outflows, which were forecasted when we did the restructuring. We actually saw more inflows, we actually forecasted actually a little more outflows, and I would say very clearly the trend for 2018, we will have positive inflows on our active fundamental and scientific equities in 2018.
Operator: Your next question is from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: I guess I wanted to ask you around the tax reform. So, obviously over the next few weeks, we’ll get updates from other companies as well, but I guess bigger picture, when it comes to the asset management business, how much of the tax benefit you expect the industry to retain versus how much is going to get competed away? And then when it comes to BlackRock specifically, how are you guys thinking internally about reinvesting some of these benefits, particularly when it comes to additional fee reductions?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we are experiencing technical difficulties, if you could please hold the line. Thank you for your patience. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the operator. We are experiencing technical difficulties, if you could just remain on the line. Thank you for your patience. You may resume.
Laurence Fink: Alex, why don’t you begin your question again if you’re on?
Alex Blostein: Sure. Yeah. I’m on. Sorry about that. So the question was just around the tax reform. I guess we’ll get updates from the rest of the industry and obviously the asset managers as a whole are reasonably well positioned to get the benefit, given relatively high tax rates, but how much of that do you think is going to get competed away and then specifically when it comes to BlackRock, how are you guys thinking internally in terms of reinvesting some of the tax savings and how much of that do you think will have to come in the form of lower fee rates? Thanks.
Gary Shedlin: So Alex, Happy New Year. It’s Gary. Maybe, I'll take that and Larry and Rob can jump in. I think, we're going to speak for BlackRock. We'll let the industry speak for themselves more broadly. But I think, from the very top, we've obviously always been committed to investing our business first and returning excess cash flow to shareholders. And as you know, last year, we returned $2.8 billion to shareholders in a combination of dividends and share repurchases. So, we've never been capital constrained at all and our capital management policies have not changed.  We're committed to a 40% to 50% dividend payout ratio and obviously overtime, paying out the balance of excess cash in the form of buybacks. So while the reduction in our tax rate that we've talked about will clearly increase our after tax cash flow and obviously earnings per share, it does not impact the basic metrics that you all watch each and every day and we hold ourselves accountable for which is basically delivering revenue, expense, operating income and margin. And decisions that we make around how much we're going to invest into our P&L and any obviously associated pricing investments that we may make going forward are really completely independent of our tax rate.  We are still 100% committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. That being said, clearly, an increase in incremental cash flow from tax reform could impact likely favorably our capital management decisions and that reflects both potentially dividends and buybacks. And our plan is to, I mean, given the tax reform is basically three weeks old, our plan is to effectively reassess our latest capital management recommendations, probably around mid-year. Once we kind of finalize the impact that tax reform is going to have on BlackRock and there's going to be lots of additional guidance that's going to be forthcoming as well as making sure that we are looking at all of the balance sheet, if you will, opportunities that we have, over the next several months, including more aggressively seeding and co-investing in new products.
Laurence Fink: I would like to bring up one point, Alex, because you connected tax reform with fee reductions and I don't see any correlation or connections. We will consistently review every one of our products if we do believe a product can grow -- return better returns for us over a long term and we believe the need to lower fees, we will be doing that, unrelated to tax reform. And tax reform is obviously a below the line result anyway and fee cuts are above the line, but we systematically review our products and fees and we will continue to systematically look at fees to provide the best value to our clients, but it's totally unrelated to tax reform.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon from Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Maybe Larry, just to follow-up on a comment you just made briefly about 2018 and active equity inflows, can you talk about, I guess, the backlog or kind of the institutional framework on how it looks today and maybe the consultant discussions of how those have evolved. I assume that's part of the bullish outlook.
Robert Kapito: So the first quarter of the year, a lot of institutions look at changing their portfolios and diversifying. Obviously, there is a lot of interest in the equity markets right now, because of 2017 and a lot of forecasts for 2018. So we are involved in those discussions and of course it really helps to come off a good year in performance in 2017 to be included in those. And those discussions are really across the board in various types of equities and they include more procession type, whether it be smart beta or multi-asset solutions, which we’re very, very well positioned for.  So, there are a lot of discussions. I do think you're going to see a lot of interest from the institutions to potentially replace some of their alternatives that will go into equities and also to take some of the cash positions they have and put them in to equity. So quite frankly, we're very optimistic on that and we will be included.
Laurence Fink: Let me just say one last thing. Arch, we have seen success over the many years now in our performance, in our model based equities. We're in more dialogs. The atmosphere is very strong, so the much better backdrop. And we feel very good about the environment. So the conversations we're having when you mention consultants, are looking at our products more. And I see -- so I think the environment is very right for us to have better dialog with more clients, where the results should be that we could see more positive inflows. So I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Let me ask something on, let me go to technology I guess. Can we get a sense from your view on sizing the potential impact of organic growth, particularly in iShares from your technology investments broadly and you mentioned obviously Aladdin Wealth, but also some of the new, the Cachematrix and the effort -- the capital effort in Europe as well and just get a sense of, first of all, I guess, are we seeing traction on those right now in terms of inflows from those products and services? And then secondly, as you build that out over time and clearly you have a competitive advantage in this, how do you see this enhancing the organic growth over the next, say, two to three years.
Laurence Fink: Well, on iShares specifically, because you phrased there with iShares and you expanded, iShares specifically, I think what is changing the momentum for us in a positive way or enhancing the momentum is we're delivering a better service through technology to more RIAs. Historically, we were weak in the delivery of information and services to the RIA channel. As I said in my prepared remarks, we’re using technology to provide better services alongside our humans to connect with our financial advisors, both the traditional ones and the RIA ones.  And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are working with 25% more advisors today than we did a year ago with very little added in cost and so we're doing -- using technology to aid the conversation, to enrich the conversation, to fulfill more information and then follow-up with human connectivity. So that’s probably the most, the best example where we are bringing in more flows.  The other area where we are bringing in more flows is working with more of the distribution platforms on providing model based products and customizing it and in those cases, much of the product flow in these model based products would be flowing into our iShares basis. In terms of technology overall, we have a very robust pipeline for Aladdin, for wealth management. We see increased inquiry in the institutional side.  As I said, 50 different countries now, broader and broader penetration and we would expect a continuation of the growth rates of 14- ish percent going forward in our technology platform. We're very encouraged and we're very encouraged about bringing this all together. So, it's not one thing. It's by having Scalable Capital in Europe, by having FutureAdvisor. These are all connecting and creating more dialog, deeper penetration.  So I don't want to suggest it's one thing, but it's a multitude of all the things that we've been investing in, working in, investing in that is creating a better, deeper or consistent dialog with more financial advisors. You mentioned Cachematrix. That's not a delivery system for ETFs, but it is a very strong delivery system for us to connect with banks and the bank channels for them to drive more cash and money market types of products into the BlackRock platform and that's one of the reasons why we had accelerated growth in our cash management platform in 2017. And we expect a furthering of opportunities in our cash management business.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: I just wanted to jump into another topic with, you talked about the ETFs, they’re increasingly being used by investors for asset allocation decisions and also generating alpha. What other major investor groups are using ETFs in this manner? And I always think about the US RIA channel as sort of a big one, but outside of this group, what other investor groups and maybe even institutional channels are doing this?
Laurence Fink: Rob, well, I’m going to let Rob comment too. I would say, every institution we talk to has asked questions related, how they could use ETFs in their portfolio, whether that’s internally managed entirely by an institution or they have accommodations internally driven asset management and external managers, but I would say from pension funds, the sovereign wealth funds to insurance companies are all now utilizing more ETFs for strategic asset allocation purposes. And Rob, do you want to call up?
Robert Kapito: It's really broad based, Craig. Right now, we're seeing, it starts out from trading desks on Wall Street that are using ETFs to hedge their positions. It's going to fixed income investors that are using ETFs side by side with their bond portfolios. It's emerging markets investors, both institutional and retail that are looking to have more diversified instant access into the emerging markets area. Its portfolio solutions provider that are using it as part of a multi-asset class solution.  It's the RIA channel, as you mentioned, who are also trying to customize solutions and quite frankly, it's a lot of asset managers that are using iShares as a technology to have more operating efficiency in their portfolios and not have as many line items. You also have the insurance companies who have thousands and thousands of line items of portfolios that are looking to be much more efficient and also have portfolios that have more liquidity.  And now with all of the regulatory issues and where there has been fee pressure, you have a whole new group of people that are using them to substitute in the active space, because it's obviously much, much cheaper. So it's really, quite frankly, very, very broad based with the tail at the end of the year and start of the beginning of the year, coming more in fixed income than it is in equities and more in emerging markets, because people are starting to allocate some of their monies outside of the US for 2018 that happens to be a strategy across many of the distribution change.  So, we're really participating all across the board. And lastly, I would say is people who are innovating now in the smart beta area because we have over 100 funds that are ETFs for smart beta. So, this is a market that really is still in the early stages and every day, we have another client that comes in and finds another use for it. So, I'm just very optimistic on using this as a tool to help clients make better portfolios.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz from Citi.
Bill Katz: I just had a two part question, somewhat unrelated. The first part is, I just wondered if you could help us sort of ring fence what the core G&A expense number was for the fourth quarter? And I know, Gary, you had made some sort of broad comments around margins and comp ratios, et cetera. But how are you thinking about sort of the pace of growth on that line, when you sort of normalize off the fourth quarter? And then could you just go back and clarify, I apologize. When you were saying, you said that the equities can increase and you felt like it could come from the alternative allocation, maybe you can just flush that out a little bit. [indiscernible] major shift we might see in ‘18.
Laurence Fink: Do you want to take the first part?
Robert Kapito: Yeah. I’ll take the first. There are a lot of clients that we have that have a large allocation to alternative whether they are hedge funds and private equity who have been somewhat disappointed in the returns that they had in 2017, relative to the returns they could have had, had they had exposure in the equity markets directly. So, there are some clients that are looking to move that increased allocation to alternatives directly into the equity market for 2018 as they have become more bullish and that's in light of all of the things that you know about, whether it be tax rates, earnings, global growth, et cetera, et cetera that they may have. They may be able to have a bigger return in the outright equity market than they do in some of the more alternative spaces.
Gary Shedlin: So, Bill, to your first part of your question on G&A, so, yes higher year-over-year G&A and frankly also sequential G&A was driven by a number of, what we would consider, manageable core decisions that we’re obviously very conscious, like technology, data, M&P, obviously, some occupancy as our headcount is growing. And the higher annual G&A expense, which was up about 12% clearly reflected, a, as we've talked about, a specific goal of ours of continuing to invest in core technology and data.  The annual, the year-over-year, the sequential, all three frankly also reflect the impact of a number of one-off items. We tried to highlight some of those, professional fees were higher related to a bunch of things. We had M&A activity during the year. We had Brexit planning. We have MiFID II planning. We have a bunch of stuff that was done in the fourth quarter in anticipation of tax reform as well as a number of other things that just kind of hit FX re-measurement expense.  We also saw some increased contingent payments associated with some prior deals. And as we've talked about before, we need to mark-to-market ongoing contingent payments. And so in some respects, as those expenses go up, those are good things because it means that those contingent payments are more in the money because of the fact that those deals are doing that way. That being said, our level of G&A spend has basically remained pretty much constant over the last five years and that's notwithstanding the fact that we've built and leveraged our scale.  We've obviously done a number of deals as well over that period of time. I think, the important thing that we're trying to convey here is that, you can't just look at G&A without looking at the overall discretionary expense base and there is obviously an interplay between our G&A expense and our compensation expense. As we're investing more in data and technology, we continue to change the composition of our employee base and you're actually seeing comp to revenue come down.  So while we will continue to focus on managing the entire expense base, as we stated, we would expect 2018 G&A to creep up a little bit, but we would also expect comp to revenue to decline and we don't think any of that will basically impact the unstable markets, the upward bias in our overall margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just wanted to ask on a question on aging populations and people living along or just curious how you're thinking about the impact this could have on asset flows for the industry and does money stay invested for longer, creating a sticky asset base. Just curious your impact there. And then somewhat related to that would be, what opportunities do you see to innovate by linking asset management with insurance and technology around, as I'm thinking about your iRetire technology, what role could there be for insurance here and helping with people -- aging populations and people living longer?
Laurence Fink: I think that’s one of the big issues that’s going to confront every major developed country and it’s going to even impact a lot of developing countries, even like China. In the conversations that I have with different clients and regulators and politicians worldwide, this is a big question. Unquestionably, I do believe longevity is under appreciated and I believe we have not adequately conveyed what it means to be a long term investor, because I think people are living longer and are in a state of retirement longer.  So the need to invest in longer duration assets has never been greater. I think this is one of the causes why the yield curve is so flat when you look at the [indiscernible]. Obviously, that's an inflation reflection too, but the demand for long dated assets remains really strong and you look at that at credit spreads and one of the examples why equity markets remains to be very robust. Worldwide, demand for long dated financial assets remains to be strong.  So one, it means continuation of – I think, this is one of the foundations why financial markets have a good fundamental foundation to it and we're seeing different -- in our LifePath products, we've extended the life of some of the LifePaths, we've extended ownership of equities longer on some of our LifePath products. But, as I said, the demand from institutional clients or long dated assets remains to be quite robust. The big issue that we all are trying to address is how do we help more and more people when they're in the de-accumulation phase? What type of advice?  How can individuals really have great financial literacy and financial assistance during the de-accumulation phase of retirement? I think this is one of the big issues of some of this anxiety that I spoke about in my prepared remarks. I also believe, there are so many people in the world who are sitting at 50 years old and are unprepared because under investment in their retirement and the over dependency of cash and bonds. It's how that’s playing. We just finished a two day board meeting.  We talk about long-term strategy and where we need to be working on. You brought up one important point that we are working on and that is how do we transform retirement in the world. That is one of BlackRock’s long term strategies and that intersects with technology, that intersects with what our business in the United Sates, our business in Europe, our future business in China.  So I don't have the answers yet, but we have many teams at BlackRock focusing on issues around retirement, around the longevity component of retirement, around de-accumulation and I think these are some of the most important questions that have to be raised and hopefully we can design products and meet those types of needs. I think as an industry, we're not there yet. I would also say, in society, we're not there yet. There is not enough debate here in the United States. There is not enough debate in Europe or anywhere else about how do we navigate the concept of longevity and retirement and the component of how does one have enough financial literacy to properly prepare for retirement and properly prepare for the moment when they're in the phase of de-accumulation.
Operator: Your last question comes from Glenn Schorr from Evercore.
Kaimon Chung: Hi. This is Kaimon Chung in for Glenn Schorr. Just wanted to get your perspective on the electronification of fixed income, I saw a recent headline that BlackRock and one of your biggest competitors plan to go fully electronic in bond trading which would be up from the 30% of bond volumes that you trade today. So what are you specifically doing in that area and how fast do you think you can get there?
Robert Kapito: So, we’re higher than the 30% that you're talking about. Most sponsors now are traded electronically. We have to be in this business. We’re one of the largest traders of fixed income instruments. So we are involved and invested in various methods to trade electronically. We have people focused day-to-day on technology, in trading. So, we're very involved. I think it's going to be higher and higher every single year, but we're also involved in making sure that the markets operate in a very effective and efficient way. So we have a very large trading staff. Every one of them is involved in the electronic trading business and we'll be continuing going forward and this is really an important part of also our Aladdin, where we are helping others who don't have that electronic execution capabilities to have it through our technology.
Laurence Fink: I would say one other point. We have looked at technology as a major component of how we have our trading platform. If you look at the scale of our platform today versus our scale of five years ago, one of the – and why our margins have increased as a firm systematically is the technologies that we utilize in the operations or platform. And the trading platform that we have today is mostly driven through technology.  And that's one of the great advantages and that's one of the great advantages that we have related to Aladdin and why so many clients are looking to employ Aladdin, because the need of having greater efficiencies in the operations of trading is becoming more and more important and for those organizations that are not prepared electronically, they have too higher costs. And as fees are coming down and if you don't have those efficiencies, you're going to be left behind.  And I would also say one of the most important things about electronic trading and utilization of Aladdin, it brings down operational errors. So, it is a major component of what we do and we're very proud of the trading platform that we created and the efficiencies it has created for us on behalf of our clients. Let me just close and thank everybody for joining this morning. Our end of the year call – our 2017 results are directly linked to the investments we've made over time and importantly I do believe the results that you're seeing in terms of our flows is a direct result of the trust that clients have placed on BlackRock.  We will continue to leverage our differentiating scale and invest in our technology, and invest in the value proposition for our client and importantly create a great value proposition for our shareholders. I'd like to thank everyone with this call and wish everybody a Happy New Year and hopefully our year continues as robust as it has in the first 12 days of the year. Have a good one.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Meade - Chief Legal Officer Gary Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer Laurence Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Brennan Hawken - UBS Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs William Katz - Citigroup Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2017. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on as-adjusted results. The breadth and scale of BlackRock’s globally integrated investment and technology platform continue to drive strong business and financial results. The impact of the investments we have made over time and continue to make today are driving better alpha-generation, fostering stronger client partnerships and allowing us to more efficiently operate our business. Total quarterly net inflows of $96 billion included long-term net inflows of $76 billion, representing 6% annualized organic asset growth and were positive across client type, investment style and region. BlackRock has now generated over 5% long-term organic asset growth for five consecutive quarters. More importantly, we’ve achieved a long-term organic base fee growth rate of 5% for the last 12 months. Bear in mind, these long-term growth rates don’t include the impact of our cash business, which has generated almost 10% growth over the last year. Record quarterly revenue of $3.2 billion increased 14% year-over-year. Operating income of $1.4 billion and earnings per share of $5.92, both increased 15% versus a year ago. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $29 million of net investment gains. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 30.6%. Assuming no current year impact from potential future change in tax laws, we continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax run rate for the fourth quarter of 2017, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of discrete items that could arise in the future. Third quarter base fees rose 10% year-over-year, driven primarily by market appreciation and strong organic base fee growth, partially offset by certain previously announced pricing changes not reflected in last year’s third quarter. Performance fees of $191 million increased $133 million from the prior year and $143 million sequentially, reflecting strong overall performance, more broad-based hedge fund platform and the impact of a single European hedge fund that delivered exceptional full-year performance and locks annually in the third quarter. Technology and risk management revenue of $175 million increased 15% year-over-year, driven by several clients going live on the institutional Aladdin and Aladdin Risk for Wealth Management platforms. Demand remains strong across our full range of technology and risk management capabilities with both retail intermediaries and institutional clients increasingly focused on using technology to improve portfolio construction capabilities, optimize risk management and operate more efficiently. We continue to invest in technology and data initiatives across the firm to generate better alpha, more effectively service existing clients and leverage our global distribution capabilities. Whether investing through the income statement, the inorganic opportunities like FutureAdvisor or Cachematrix are using our balance sheet to make minority investments in fast-growing businesses like Scalable Capital or iCapital. Our goal is to drive profitable growth in both base fees and technology revenue. Total expense increased 13% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher volume-related expense and higher G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up 13% year-over-year and 9% sequentially, primarily reflecting higher incentive compensation, driven by higher performance fees and higher operating income. Direct fund expense was up $34 million, or 17% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher average AUM and significant growth in our iShares franchise. G&A expense was up $51 million, or 60% year-over-year in line with previous guidance, reflecting higher technology and data spend. Current quarter G&A expense also reflected higher professional service fees, FX remeasurement expense and increased contingent consideration fair value adjustments versus a year ago. Our third quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 45% was up 20 basis points year-over-year and up 110 basis points sequentially. While we do not manage the business to a specific margin target, we are very margin-aware and remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible. We continue to execute our consistent capital management strategy during the quarter, repurchasing an additional $275 million in common shares and stand by our previous guidance as it relates to share repurchases for the remainder of the year. Third quarter long-term net inflows of $76 billion, representing 6% annualized organic asset growth were positive across client type, investment style and region. Global iShares generated quarterly net inflows of $52 billion, representing 14% annualized organic growth with strength across both core and non-core exposures. In the one year since we repriced the core funds last October, BlackRock has recaptured more than 100% of the annual revenue impact of our investment, primarily through accelerated organic growth and expanded our total U.S. market share of net flows by over 600 basis points. iShares equity net inflows of $33 billion reflected demand for core ETFs across both developed and emerging market exposures and strong inflows into higher fee precision exposures and smart beta funds. Fixed income iShares net inflows of $18 billion reflected continued adoption of fixed income ETFs by a broader set of clients with flows led by treasuries and investment-grade corporate bonds. Retail net inflows of $7 billion were positive in the U.S. and internationally. Fixed income net inflows of $5 billion, once again showcase the strength of our top-performing active platform and include $1 billion into unconstrained strategies, as well as strong flows into municipals, emerging market debt and total return strategies. Multi-asset flows were driven by $1 billion of flows into our multi-asset income fund. Our institutional business generated $16 billion of long-term net inflows in the quarter, positive across index and active. Institutional index net inflows of $16 billion reflected $37 billion into fixed income, driven by significant client demand for LDI strategies, partially offset by equity outflows of $20 billion, as several large clients made strategic asset allocation changes during the quarter. Modest institutional active net inflows were driven by strong multi-asset inflows, reflecting continued demand for our LifePath target-date series and factor strategies, partially offset by active equity outflows. Finally, BlackRock’s cash management business saw $20 billion of net inflows during the quarter, reflecting several large client wins and reached its highest ever level of AUM. BlackRock’s third quarter results reflect the benefits of our ongoing commitment to invest on behalf of our clients and continued execution of our framework for shareholder value creation, differentiated organic growth, operating leverage and consistent capital return. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. BlackRock generated strong results in the third quarter as our differentiated global investment and technology platform increasingly resonates with our clients, driving deeper partnerships than ever before. Over the past year, the market environment has improved considerably. We’ve seen greater political stability in Europe. China is continuing to show economic strength, and after a long period of stagnation, we’re seeing consistent growth in Japan. Overall, the world has become much more resilient. However, large cash balances remain on the sidelines, and many global institutions are invested in assets with return profiles that are not expected to meet their liabilities over time, which is creating significant demand for asset allocation and investment strategies across multiple asset classes. In these times of greater economic certainty, there is also a greater need for people to be invested. In more than any time in history, clients are reaching out to BlackRock for advice and for solutions. We built customized solutions from our investment platform that spans indexed to illiquid alternatives. Our technology and risk management capabilities enable us and our clients to construct better portfolios, generate alpha more consistently, manage risks smarter and scale operations more efficiently. Combined with insights of a BlackRock Investment Institute, we are able to form stronger and more differentiated partnerships with our clients, and all of this is showing up in our flows. As Gary said, BlackRock saw third quarter total net inflows of $96 billion. These flows came from both institutional and retail clients across all major regions and investment styles. We’ve now seen a total of $264 billion of flows so far this year, compared to $202 billion for all of 2016. As we deepen our relationships with clients and partners, we recognize and embrace the growing responsibility we have on a daily basis. It is an enormous responsibility and we take this seriously and we also attempt every day to achieve the responsibilities with our goals. Gary talked about our shareholder value creation framework and organic growth as a primary driver of that framework. Our strategy for growth is centered on being a fiduciary to our clients. This means, investing to be a leader in the areas of high client demand and growth like ETFs, like liquid – illiquid alternatives. It also means investing to generate differentiated alpha for clients and to enhance our competitive advantages in Aladdin and most importantly technology and to grow our scale. With regulation, technology and market forces transforming the ecosystem for asset and wealth management globally, BlackRock is at the forefront of change in the industry and our focus remains on the long-term for our clients worldwide. In the U.S., there are two major shifts converging in wealth management. First, in one of the largest asset movements, fee-based advisory assets are expected to double by 2020 in the shift from brokerage to fee-based accounts. The second digital technologies are disrupting traditional wealth advisory practices, which create competition for client assets and provides leverage for fast-growing advisory practices. These trends have several major implications for our entire industry. Value for cost is critical to advisers and asset allocation decisions. Advisers are increasingly focused on managing risk and constructing portfolios. Chief Investment Officers are taking more control over asset allocation decisions. So there’s a heightened focus on repeatable systematized practices that can be scaled. Against this backdrop, wealth managers are concentrating their business with fewer asset managers. Demand is increasingly for a strategic partnerships beyond anyone specific investment product. They’re looking for partnerships with BlackRock that we can have ability to bring tremendous value to our relationships to our clients. BlackRock has the building blocks. BlackRock has the technology, and BlackRock has the expertise to glide clients on how to effectively use our scale. Our U.S. wealth advisory sales teams have adopted digital processes to scale and deepen financial adviser engagements. We increased engagements by 23% relative to same time last year, in part by leveraging technology. We’ve held more than 15,000 virtual meetings this year from none two years ago, which has especially been productive for us to reach more advisers in our fast-growing independent channel. Our focus on investment and wealth management technology is aligned with our investment in the ETF ecosystem, which is increasingly driving our flows. We are creating new opportunities globally for clients to use ETF for asset allocation and alpha-generation. We’re developing new products, we’re spending time on ETF education across the industry and BlackRock is at the forefront of the innovation in the ETF distribution side. The investments we have made in iShares are showing real-time results. For both the third quarter and year-to-date, iShares captured the number one share of flows in the United States, in Europe and globally. Usage is increasingly across client types from wealth clients seeking low-cost exposures and fee-based advisory models to ensure asset managers, banks, pensions, sovereign wealth funds using ETFs alongside, individual stocks, alongside bonds, future swaps as a necessary component of their portfolios. We’re similarly seeing growth across all our key product segments. We’ve seen $58 billion of flows into fixed income ETFs over the past year and continue to see growth in our core, in our financial instruments, in our factors and our smart beta and ESG. In alpha-seeking strategies, we’re focused on generating consistent performance for our clients. We believe that revitalization of our active equity platform this year will drive better client outcomes and future growth for BlackRock. We’re seeing early signs of progress with 81% of fundamental and 90% of scientific active equity assets are above our benchmarks or peer mediums now for three years. Growth we’re seeing across our platform is a direct result of the investments we made over time to position ourselves ahead of our client needs. We invested to build our infrastructure business beginning with a lift out of a small renewable team in 2011. Today, as a result of both organic growth and acquisitions, our global infrastructure team of nearly 150 professionals manages $16 billion of invested and committed assets across a diverse set of equity and debt infrastructure strategies. Last year, we invested $75 million into our iShares Core shares to drive growth at a time when we anticipated these significant changes in our ecosystem. With industry flows at record highs, we have recaptured more than 100% of the revenue impact of our investment and grew our share of flow from 25% in 2016 prior to our repositioning last October to 41% market share over the past year. Technology is increasingly significant growth driver for our business. Importantly, technology that enhances distribution and alpha-generation is driving increased flows our base fees and performance fees. We’re also growing our direct technology and risk management revenues, which increased by 15% year-over-year. One example that tech investment is Aladdin Risk for Wealth Management. After the idea was born of an internal employee innovation competition, we quickly built it into a business to drive value for our clients. Less than two years later, Aladdin Risk for Wealth has nearly 75 dedicated employees and five clients have gone live on our platform. Aladdin Risk for Wealth Management and other digital offerings and partnerships like iRetire, FutureAdvisor, iCapital, Scalable Capital are reaching tens of thousands of financial advisers who manage assets on behalf of millions of end investors. As our digital offerings enable financial adviser to have a more productive conversation with our clients, they’re driving more growth in our iShares and other BlackRock investment strategies. We invested in our cash management business, both organically and through acquisition to strengthen our platforms, to leverage our scale and drive incremental growth. We’ve grown assets by 70% over the last five years without significantly increasing our expense base. In the third quarter, we saw $20 billion of net inflows into cash management strategy and now manage more than $400 billion in cash. Our long-term strategy of anticipating change and investing for growth is clearly working. Areas that we focused on today like factors, ESG, illiquid alternatives and digital wealth management are some of the areas that will definitely be driving growth for our future. It is critical that we continue to invest in these opportunities, while being mindful of the impact of our bottom line. This will continue to position BlackRock as a right partner for our clients and a leader in the growth areas of the future. No firm in our industry is better positioned to take advantage of the scale to invest in the futures of our clients. This is and will be our biggest competitive advantage in building strong relationships with our clients and driving growth in our business. If we continue to execute on our strategic priorities, BlackRock will remain positioned to deliver a differentiated growth and a differentiated financial results, and that’s why we continue to believe in our future. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Hey, Larry. Good morning, everyone.
Laurence Fink: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: So my first – well, actually, my question is on Aladdin. When you think about future revenue growth in Aladdin on a dollar basis, how should we think about the mix of revenue growth between the legacy operating system Provider Aladdin for custody banks and in the retail advisor offering including FutureAdvisor and Aladdin Risk for Wealth? Because I’m just really trying to evaluate the medium-term opportunity between these various offerings?
Laurence Fink: We see – well, that’s a great question. I don’t know all the answers to that question, because some of this is just being introduced today. But we expect significant growth opportunities for Aladdin. I feel very confident, we’re going to continue to have double-digit growth. In our core business, we are seeing great interest from institutional clients worldwide. It is still our biggest driver in that revenue column. What is very interesting also, we’re seeing opportunities from existing Aladdin clients specifically in fixed income. We’re now – are now taking on Aladdin for equity. So we are now becoming even larger component with those clients that have already experienced the Aladdin environment. They’ve seen the success in terms of their own operation and they’re now expanding it into other asset categories. We now are seeing more interest from, what I would say, our core pension and insurance clients and from global asset managers throughout the world. So the foundational business is continuing to drive much of the success for Aladdin and we expect that to continue and grow as I – we said double-digit. Provider Aladdin, we’re in the testing phase right now, where we’re – Aladdin provider has been put on to the custodial banks. We are working very closely with them on that. And hopefully, we believe that’s not going to be a – obviously, it’s a revenue driver as the custodian banks put it on. But let me also be clear on it, it creates greater efficiencies for us. By having Provider Aladdin, a seamless block chain, which is a private block chain between us and our custodial relationships. It really creates a more seamless processing and it should reduce many, many errors. Let’s assume, we have never – we won’t have any more errors, we do have some. If this is successful, we expect to expand that beyond BlackRock and then use the Aladdin environment all our clients to have that same type of platform to utilize it and then it would grow significantly. Aladdin for Wealth Management, it has a big future opportunity. As I – we said, we have now won five clients. We’re now implementing those five clients. The demand is significant. What we are so pleased, we have demand from Asia, we have demand from Europe and North America. So Aladdin for Wealth Management is a very well positioned for carrying that growth that we see.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Brennan.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So I have a question on MiFID. We’re here not far away from the deadline in Europe. There is a clear direction of travel, it seems for the market in funding research directly on the P&L as opposed to RPAs. What do you think though looking forward that might happen here in the U.S.? Are we going to see institutional investors begin to request similar treatment from their asset managers here, and how do you see that playing out? Thanks very much.
Laurence Fink: Well, first and foremost is the fiduciary. We’re going to do whatever is going to be the best for our clients for the long run. And there’s not obviously the immediate pressure related to MiFID II or of the likes of it in the United States than we have immediacy in Europe. So we’re talking to our clients. We’re working with this. I would say one thing very clearly though, I’m very – I think, the outcome of having us be having more responsibility of our own research is a fantastic thing. I do believe, by having more proprietary research will allow us to have more, what I would call, incremental and differentiated ideas. And so we look at this as an opportunity. We look at this as an opportunity to differentiate us. I do believe, our scale gives us unique opportunities in this too. So we will – we are working this – working on this, we’re studying this. We look at this as not just an added expense of any magnitude. We’re looking at this as a opportunity and we’re treating it as an opportunity and we’re having dialogues with our clients. I would say, in the ecosystem, if I was nervous about MiFID II and I’ve talked to regulators about this, we are worried about what the impact will be with some of the small-cap companies that that will – are having trouble, which we’re hearing from many companies already and getting people to follow them. We had a conversation with a regulator yesterday about this. I’m also worried about can – are we going to see the proper research for new companies? I’m not talking about the big giant IPOs that we are accustomed to, but the small IPOs that are quite small. So I think, we have to see how MiFID II works out in the European environment for us to have the strong – a real strong opinion globally. But I think the trend will be, as you clearly framed your question, is probably a movement more towards that fiduciary standard worldwide, and we’ll see how this plays out. We would like to think that over time, we have the whole ecosystem regulators, the asset management side, the sell-side, we have a better understanding how this plays out. The key – the most important point when you have these big giant regulatory issues, we need to make sure that we understand all the unanticipated changes and impacts on markets. And so, I would – we are constructive on this, but there could be some negative outcomes if it’s not properly monitored and organized. The last thing, I would just say, related to what MiFID II will be. With greater transparency, first, that’s great for investors. Investors, one of my biggest worries, which I repeatedly said in these calls is, my worry about retirement worldwide. I just finished a world tour, the amount of cash that individuals are holding in bank accounts in Japan, it’s $5 trillion in banking, that’s with negative returns. In Europe, it’s huge amounts of money sitting in bank accounts. If we’re going to move some of this money into long-term investing, because much of the savings is towards retirement. We probably would have had even more dynamic economies worldwide. So clearly, more transparency ultimately should be good for the industry, but we have the industry as a transition to go through. And the last thing, I would say, with greater transparency, it will move more assets towards ETFs. And this is one of the big systems that I talked about in my prepared speech that I do believe, these big changes are going to move more money to manage portfolios to fee-based relationships that are going to drive more ETF flows.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Alex.
Alexander Blostein: Hi, guys, good morning. I was hoping you could spend a minute on the competitive dynamics in Europe. So over the last year or so, it seems like BlackRock’s retail fund flows and frankly, the market share as well had improved in the region on the active side, and that’s outside of the kind of the strong position you guys have in iShares. So can you just give us a sense of what’s behind the improvement and I guess your views on BlackRock’s competitive position in the region into 2018, given MiFID, Brexit, FCA regulatory scrutiny, et cetera?
Laurence Fink: So it’s a very important region for us obviously, and the improvement in flows is a direct relationship to the improvement in performance. In Europe, we have some of the strongest performance, and I think you’ve seen that especially in our long/short European fund. As performance gets better, we see a lot of demand. Europe has been an important part of our roll out. We have significant resources there and investments there, and they are also participating in the growth of the ETF business in a big way, where not only do we have our ETFs, but we also have a lot of technology that we’re bringing to the European markets. So it’s a very big growth area for us. We have, as you know, almost a third of our people out in Europe that we’re going to continue to grow. And the other part of it is that, we believe that we need to be local in each of the countries in Europe. So we have our local sales force and we also have portfolio management, so that we can be a global company, but be local in all parts of Europe, and we’re like everyone else waiting to see how the Brexit unfolds and then we’re going to respond appropriately to that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Bill.
William Katz: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate the abbreviated comments this morning as well. Couple of two-part question, if I could. First was, one of your major competitors in Europe recently embraced shifting to a sliding fee on the management fee in their global equity portfolio. I was wondering if you could talk about your reaction to that and the implications of that, particularly given what your view is greater transparency? And then somewhat unrelated maybe for Gary. I heard term margin-aware, and that seems like a new point term, and I’d like to understand what that exactly means as you think about the growth versus margin dynamic? Thanks.
Laurence Fink: Well, I’ll ask Gary to answer both of those questions.
Gary Shedlin: Yes. Thank you, Larry. So, Bill, as it relates to, I think, you’re referring to the fulcrum fee pricing model. I think that our view would be on this that, as the industry continues to evolve due to a variety of issues not the least of which are both regulatory and change in client trends, there are a number of active managers thinking about new ways to evolve fee structure. So we’ve seen a bunch of announcements of attentions to introduce a new performance-based model. I think, we saw one change more recently in the United States, including the fulcrum free, which is actually been in use in the U.S. for some time, but many of those details have yet to be rolled out or implemented. I think, we continuously monitor price instructions – structures. We currently utilize both flat fee structures, as well as performance-based fee structures across our product range. We’re mindful of that. That was a big driver of our decision to restructure, reposition some of our active equity businesses and launch of the low-cost advantage, suite earlier in the year. And as the landscape continues to evolve, we’ll continue to explore variety of structures, including fulcrum fees and other – and frankly, other innovative structures to determine whether they’re appropriate for our products and most importantly for clients. Your second question, in terms of just the tonality of margin, I don’t really think there’s any change candidly. But I think, we’ve been very clear historically that we don’t manage the business to a margin and we’re trying to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible. And I just wanted people to understand that not managing, the margin doesn’t actually make people understand that we’re not focused on margin. And so, obviously, trying to make sure that we can do deliver the highest growth rates with the highest margins is something we’re always focused on. And so I want to make sure people know that we are very margin-aware even though we may not be managing the business to a specific margin target at any point in time.
Laurence Fink: I would just echo that, we’re very margin-aware. And if we see great opportunities for growth, we will interpret that and manage that accordingly. But of course, leaders of companies have to be margin-aware. We have to trade off future growth opportunities with margin, we all know that. And so I think that’s what Gary really is trying to say. And it’s – we’ve always said that we are – we believe that we execute our strategies properly that we could see expansion in margins. And we see great growth opportunities so that we will look at that as a trade-off. As Gary said, that has not changed, so I’ll leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question is from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hello, there, how are you?
Laurence Fink: Good.
Glenn Schorr: So I heard your comments loud and clear on the recoupment of more than the investment that you’ve made in the Core Series price investment. So I guess, I’m looking for an update on how you can protect that kind of pricing competition outside the core, and then maybe how you evaluate it on an ongoing basis?
Laurence Fink: So, Glenn, I think we’ve – historically, as we’ve thought about pricing strategies in iShares, we’ve talked a lot about both client and product segmentation. And I think, in every instance what we’re trying to do is to effectively evaluate the value proposition to an individual client from buying the product. In the core, we clearly have seen a group of clients who are significantly more focused on price than they’re necessarily aftermarket liquidity, bid-ask spread or tracking error. And so for that segment of the world, we are obviously focusing a product significantly more focused on price. There’s another segment of the marketplace that frankly is not necessarily long-term buy and hold, they’re much more interested in tracking error. They’re much more interested in making sure there’s enough liquidity if they decide to get out in significant volume. And for that segment of the population, they’re less focused on price and more on the other elements of the value proposition that the ETF brings to the table. And so that segmentation, we talk about core, we talk about precision instruments, we talk about financial instruments. We’re trying to make sure that in every instance, we’re understanding the value proposition that the clients are looking for and making sure that we price the product accordingly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Laurence Fink: Hello, Mike.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to circle back on some of the comments you’re making around investing in the business. I think, you mentioned that today’s organic growth as a result, assuming investments that you’ve made over the past couple of years. I guess, the question is, how much are you investing in the business today? And how does that compare with what you’ve invested over the past couple of years? And just given the changes that are occurring within the industry, do you feel a need to accelerate or pick up the pace of investments versus what you’ve done historically?
Laurence Fink: Well, I think the pace of the amount of investing that we’re doing is clearly accelerating as the business is getting bigger, and our financial resources are becoming more significant and the complexity of the business is changing. So I think, every year we go through a process of identifying a number of strategic initiatives, which we talk to you about all the time whether it’s ETFs more broadly; smart beta and factors; infrastructure; illiquid alternatives, including infrastructure; as Larry mentioned, retail; technology; institutional technology more broadly and regional expansion. I mean, these are just a number of things that we’re doing not the least of which is planning for a new headquarters six years out and other things that are just kind of more business as usual. So I think, there’s no question that we are continuing to invest. Obviously, to the extent, you have markets that cooperate with you, it makes some of those decisions a little bit easier. But I think as we’ve shown in prior years, we’re trying to be very consistent with our investment spend notwithstanding what markets are doing in any point in time, because we do stay focused on the long-term. And to the extent that basically, we find ourselves trying to balance the tradeoff between growth and margin. We aggressively look to reallocate our resources in a way that allows us to do both at any point in time.
Laurence Fink: I would just add, because I think this is a really important component of who we are and where we’re going. I think, we have a unique competitive advantage, because of those investments it’s clear to me that we got – we need to continue to invest to be competitively in front of our – the needs of our clients and our competitors. And I do believe as we position our technology, especially the investment technology to reach more clients, Aladdin for Wealth Management to be on more desktops for – with more of the financial advisors, investing in alpha signals in our scientific businesses, I believe it’s critical for us to stay in front of these big giant trends. And I – as I said in my prepared remarks, if we have not – if we did not make those investments a few years back, we would not be in a position of really working with our clients and picking up considerable market share with our clients institutionally and in retail, and we look at this in a very competitive way. We believe our scale is a real advantage. And as Gary said, as our scale has increased, it gives us even a greater competitive advantage. And we do believe data, technology, risk management is going to continue to drive hopefully better financial literacy that gets back to my, once again, my whole concept of financial literacy for better outcome investing. The organization that can provide that seamless information to get some of that money that’s essentially been trapped in short-term strategies into proper long-term investing, it would have a remarkable impact on the results for our clients and remarkable impact to the society and a remarkable impact on the companies that provide that. So I look at this is essential. And so we will continue to be investing to be that one key leader for those events and those opportunities.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Lee with KBW.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Rob.
Robert Lee: Good morning. Hey, good morning, guys. Sometimes, it seems that there are so many opportunities ahead of you that maybe the – your – one of your biggest challenges is maximizing them. And how do you organize yourself to maximize them just given there are so many things going on? And I know in the past, you’ve done things like combined solutions with the institutional sales force or things of that nature. So can you maybe just update us if there’s any – do you feel like you have the kind of for the moment at least the right structure with any kind of organizational changes you think you’re thinking about, or could be necessary to kind of really maximize the opportunities you see?
Laurence Fink: Well, as you know, it’s been – it’s not planned, but it appears almost every year, we are making some leadership changes. We did that already earlier this year in terms of really enhancing some of our regional coverage, enhancing our alpha business and enhancing and really enhancing our global equity platforms. The demands on opportunities that we see are greater than our ability to achieve them. So you’re correct in asserting that we see more opportunities or let me restate potential opportunities. The key is for us is to focus on the opportunities that we think we can maximize with our platform, with our clients. I would say clearly over the last number of years, I would say clearly for more than 10 years, we’ve been more right on those strategies and not. This is why I personally spend so much time on strategy and positioning our firm. This is another reason why I spend so much time visiting clients. I would clearly say loud and clear 80% of our strategies have been led by what we’re hearing from our clients, which is that they can have some type of technology solution. They want to have a better understanding of ESG, they want to have better understanding of how they could integrate more infrastructure as a platform. How they can navigate the defined contribution plan in some form of bypass. So it is a big task in trying to making sure that we’re focused on the right strategy. And what I would say, what Gary Shedlin and Rob Goldstein and really navigating the moment by moment types of issues around there, we’re – they’re constantly focused on eliminating some organizational inefficiencies. So I don’t want to say, we’re perfect. And I don’t want to say, we don’t constantly have to refresh ourselves, because we do. We have to refresh ourselves to stay in front of the environment that we’re operating, stay in front of our clients, and there are always inefficiencies. So I’m not trying to suggest we are solving all the problems. But if have – we have teams that are focusing on eliminating organizational inefficiencies. We’re making decisions by listening to the end clients. And we also believe what is necessary Rob Kapito mentioned this early, we have to be closer to our clients and this is why are – the regionalization effort is so very important. So we can listen to our clients better. And then I would say, one of the great successes in picking our strategies has been the advent of the BlackRock Investor Institute. By bringing all the thoughts together hopefully to have better alpha outcomes, but also bringing all that information flow into a – into one platform to redistribute, it really gives us great insight. And it’s that insight that helps us navigate the strategies that we are going to concentrate in. And I believe it’s through that insight that has allowed us to have a better batting average in picking the right strategies to invest in the future.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Mike.
Michael Carrier: Hi. Maybe just a two-part question on the technology side. So you guys are spending a lot of time on the retail or the wealth management front. And your relative size there versus institutional seems like there’s a great opportunity. I just wanted to see if you could either size that or where you are and maybe the penetration of that opportunity? And then as that kind of relates to efficiencies in the business like how you see that playing out as that continues to scale up. Are you kind of make progress on that opportunity, how that will play through efficiencies and through the operating leverage given the model?
Laurence Fink: Well, let me just say very clearly, as I said in my prepared remarks and Gary did too. MiFID II and some fiduciary standard rule really changes the whole ballgame, not just for where assets are going to move, but risk supervision is critical under our fiduciary standard rule. As I said the CIO office is going to have a lot more responsibility in the various platforms. And so that drives a lot of interest in Aladdin for Wealth Management. So we continue to believe that will continue to drive more opportunities. The – in terms of efficiencies, obviously, we’ve learned a lot from the beginnings of our institutional Aladdin business. So that unquestionably as we gain more clients, we are a more efficient platform. As – but Aladdin for Wealth Management is a considerably different platform. I mean Aladdin for Wealth Management, we could have 10,000 users. And it’s a very different platform and this is why I don’t want to say Aladdin – the Institutional Aladdin business is going to create so many efficiencies for us and margin expansion as we use Aladdin for Wealth Management. We believe if we could penetrate more and we see great opportunities for penetration, unquestionably over time there’s more efficiencies. But let me – let’s also be clearly, much of the success around Aladdin for Wealth Management will drive more close to BlackRock. Both going to – it’s going to evolve. Let’s be clear, because I get tired of that question, Mike with a question that I was asked before related to technology. Our ecosystem is evolving. I think, it’s evolving very rapidly now. I think, this low return environment is forcing clients more than ever before to focus on fees, to focus on relationships, to focus on how they want solutions to be provided. So you have it incredibly evolving ecosystem worldwide. At the same time, we’re seeing a huge expansion of the global capital markets. And less so we are seeing the utilization of more technology and how technology is disrupting traditional things and changing the system even more rapidly. So the most important thing for us is to stay in front of it, to be helpful to all our clients and obviously, we’re helpful for all our clients. We’re going to win more share with more share. We’re going to drive better efficiencies. So efficiencies are important, so I’m not trying to dispute anything about, and we focus on efficiencies. And I can tell you, Rob Goldstein and Gary Shedlin focus on that relentlessly, but it’s more important that we stay in front of change as an organization. If we’re a firm that stays in front of change on behalf of our clients, our clients will award us more share of wallet.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I think, I said almost everything, but I have – first of all, I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest at BlackRock. I think, our third quarter directly is linked to the comments that we’ve had related to the investments made over time and how those investments have translated that into improved margins, improved revenues, improved AUM, improved operating income, and most importantly, better and more improved relationships with our clients. Hopefully, this is well recognized by all of our investors, and we will continue to leverage our differentiating scale. We’re going to continue to invest in investments in technology. As I said, to deliver that value to our clients, to stay in front of our clients and that’s my commitment to all of you as our shareholders that we will – our objective is to stay in front of our client needs, so we could be more valuable to our clients. With that, everyone have a good quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer Robert Kapito - President Christopher Meade - General Counsel
Analysts: Glenn Schorr - Evercore Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Brennan Hawken - UBS Dan Fannon - Jefferies Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs William Katz - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President; Robert S. Kapito, and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. This is Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris and good morning everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the second quarter of 2017. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on as-adjusted results. BlackRock’s globally integrated technology and investment platform continues to position us as the solutions provider of choice to both retail and institutional clients. The breadth and scale of our capabilities allows us to continuously and efficiently reinvest in our investment, distribution, technology and risk management franchises in order to provide increase by its both clients and shareholders over time. As a result of that commitment to reinvest, net inflows for the last 12 months totaled $336 billion as organic growth accelerated in the second quarter. Total quarterly flows exceeded $100 billion and were positive across client types, asset classes and investment styles highlighting the uniqueness of our diversified investment platform, which includes cash, market cap weighted index products, a spectrum of active offerings from smart beta and factors to high conviction alpha strategies, and illiquid alternatives. Second quarter long-term net inflows of $94 billion were a record for BlackRock and represented an annualized organic asset growth rate of 7%. Annualized organic base fee growth was 8% for the quarter and 5% for the last 12 months despite the pricing changes we have previously announced over the last 9 months. Record quarterly revenue of $3 billion was 6% up over a year ago. Operating income of $1.2 billion was also 6% higher than a year ago and earnings per share of $5.24 increased 10%. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $26 million of net investment gains, an increase from the second quarter of 2016 due to higher marks in the current quarter and the impact of our debt refinancing last quarter. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 30.5%. We continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax run-rate for the remainder of 2017 though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of additional discrete items and tax law changes that could arise during the year. Second quarter base fees rose 7% year-over-year driven primarily by the positive impact of organic growth and market appreciation on average AUM partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange movements and certain previously announced pricing changes not reflected in last year’s second quarter. While the dollar has recently given up gains versus major currencies, the impact of dollar appreciation over the last year still reduced our quarterly year-over-year base fee growth by about 1%. Sequentially, base fees were up 6% and benefited from higher securities lending revenue in the second quarter, which increased 11% driven by seasonality and higher on loan balances. Last month at the Morgan Stanley Conference, I spoke about several exogenous factors, including divergent beta and FX that have negatively impacted our blended fee rate over the last several years and masked the benefit we have achieved from executing our differentiated growth strategy. As some of these headwinds lessened during the second quarter with emerging markets outperforming U.S. markets and the U.S. dollar weakening, our blended fee rate has stabilized and the impact of our accelerating organic base fee growth should become more apparent. Performance fees of $48 million decreased $26 million from the prior year due to weaker relative performance and long-only equity funds with annual locks in the second quarter. Technology and risk management revenue of $164 million increased 12% year-over-year driven by several clients going live on the Aladdin platform and new client wins. Market demand remains strong for our full range of products, including institutional Aladdin, Aladdin Risk for Wealth Management, provider Aladdin, iRetire and FutureAdvisor. Clients continue to seek sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio construction, and scalable distribution tools and our first three Aladdin risk for wealth management clients went live on the platform earlier in the quarter. In line with our strategic focus on technology to enhance value and deliver innovative solutions to clients, we announced the acquisition of Cachematrix, a leading provider of financial technology that simplifies the cash management process for corporate treasury clients and the minority investment in scalable capital, one of the fastest growing digital investment managers in Europe. Together with our minority investment in iCapital, we believe BlackRock can significantly enhance the growth profile of these businesses, while simultaneously benefiting from their unique capabilities. The strong organic growth we are experiencing today is a result of the investments we have made in our business over time and we continue to invest aggressively to create more opportunity for the future. Expense increased 6% year-over-year and 3% sequentially driven primarily by higher volume related expense as a result of higher average AUM and higher G&A expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up $24 million or 2% year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher headcount. Sequentially, compensation expense was down 2% reflecting lower seasonal employer payroll taxes in the current quarter and $20 million of one-time expense associated with the repositioning of our active equity platform in the prior quarter. The accelerating shift to passive is impacting growth in our volume related expense and direct fund expense was up $29 million or 15% year-over-year primarily reflecting significant growth in our iShares franchise. G&A expense was up $34 million or 11% year-over-year reflecting increased levels of spend to drive growth, including investments in technology and data and higher discretionary marketing and promotional spend. Year-over-year comparisons were also impacted by the timing of certain accruals and additional expense related to the sale of our UK defined contribution platform. Sequentially, G&A expense increased $49 million from the first quarter or 16% reflecting similar increases in technology, data and marketing spend, but also higher foreign exchange remeasurement expense in the current quarter. Assuming stable markets and giving the timing and levels of our spend in the first half of 2017, we would anticipate planned G&A expense for the second half of 2017 to be in the range of $750 million. Our first quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 43.9% was flat year-over-year and up 130 basis points sequentially. As we have stated in the past, we do not manage the business to a specific margin target, but remain committed to optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible by leveraging the benefits of our scale for both clients and shareholders. We are also committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value by first reinvesting in our business and then returning excess cash to shareholders. In line with that commitment in the second quarter, we closed the acquisition of First Reserve’s Infrastructure Equity Funds. Larry will talk more about additional investments in innovation across the broader ecosystem to support future growth. We also repurchased an additional $275 million worth of shares in the second quarter and stand by previous guidance as it relates to share repurchases for the remainder of the year. Second quarter long-term net inflows of $94 billion were positive across client types and diversified across asset classes and investment styles. Long-term net inflows were driven by iShares, which crossed $1.5 trillion of global AUM in the quarter and continue to benefit from the accelerating global shift to fee based advisory in the wealth channel and the rapid adoption of iShares ETFs as asset allocation tools and financial instruments by professional money managers. Global iShares generated record quarterly net inflows of $74 billion representing 21% annualized organic growth with strength across our core and non-core exposures. In the nine months since we announced pricing changes to the core in October of last year, we have already recaptured over 75% of our investment through organic growth alone. iShares equity net inflows of $52 billion reflected demand for core ETFs cross both developed and the emerging market exposures and strong inflows into higher fee precision exposures and smart beta ETFs. Fixed income iShares net inflows of $21 billion were led by flows into investment grade corporate, emerging market bond and treasury funds. Our institutional business generated $13 billion with long-term net inflows across both active and index strategies. Institutional active net inflows of $5 billion were driven by strong multi-asset and alternative inflows, partially offset by equity and fixed income outflows. Multi-asset flows were driven by our LifePath target date series which is our record net inflows of $9 billion. We also saw strength in fiduciary mandates and factors each with approximately $1 billion of net inflows, alternatives generated nearly $2 billion of net inflows driven primarily by our global infrastructure franchise. Institutional index net inflows of $9 billion reflected strong flows the $17 billion into fixed income, partially offset by index equity outflows of $9 billion as several large clients made strategic asset allocation decisions during the quarter. Retail net inflows of $7 billion were positive in the U.S. and internationally led by fixed income and index equity products partially offset by outflows from multi-asset. Fixed income net inflows of $7 billion were diversified across our top performing platform and included $1 billion of inflows into unconstrained strategies as well as strong flows into municipals and total return strategies. While total multi-asset flows were once again impacted by outflows from world allocation strategies. Our multi-asset income strategy nevertheless raised another $2 billion during the quarter as investors continued to target income oriented outcomes. BlackRock’s second quarter results reflect the benefits of our ongoing commitment to continuously invest for the future, our diversification, scale and globally integrated investment in technology platform enables us to generate differentiated and more consistent organic growth in AUM and based fees resulting in long-term value creation for both clients and shareholders. With that I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks Gary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. BlackRock’s second quarter results reflect the trust our clients continue to place in our global investment and technology platform BlackRock’s ability to partner with clients across our broad range of investment strategies and technology solutions and as a thought leader drove $104 billion of total net inflows in the quarter with a record $94 billion in long-term strategies which were positive across all client types, product types and investment styles. While significant cash remains on the sidelines, investors have begun to put more other assets to work and global equity markets continue to rise in the quarter underscoring a generally healthier global economy and proving that so far markets have been resilient the political shocks. Through the second quarter the S&P was up 8% year to-date reaching all-time highs and many international markets have even outperformed. At the same time while markets have started to anticipate a normalization, a policy in the environment of sustained expansion, negative yields remain a reality in some countries and expectations for a continued low yield environment persists. And while amounts of cash is still are un-invested and the ongoing risk of both economic and political disruption on the horizons, investors continue to face challenges in meeting their clients future need. Both institutional and retail clients are looking to BlackRock for investment strategies and for Aladdin risk management and portfolio construction technology. They are also turning to BlackRock for our insights to help them understand how to navigate the investment landscape. Insurance companies are one example of clients that continued to face significant challenges in this low yield environment. Last month’s leveraging BlackRock’s extensive experience with the needs of insurance clients and risk modeling capabilities we launched an insurance industry risk study, we took the investment portfolios of the entire U.S. insurance industry at the individual security line item level, uploading them onto Aladdin and then cut the data in a variety of ways, the fee was taking what kinds of risk and how are they are being rewarded for that type of risk. And we brought together a group of insurance companies CEOs to talk about the results, to answer questions like what is the current opportunities set in their own individual portfolio and how should they be positioned in the event of a stressed economy or another crisis. We also showed the CEOs how their investment positions reflected versus their peers. And so as the incredible peer analysis for the CEOs, our goal was to provide them with more information to look to BlackRock to help them making strategic decisions that would ultimately drive their stakeholder returns. This is just one example BlackRock is increasingly using our technology, our scale and innovative ways to enhance the value that we can provide to our clients. As the wealth management landscape evolves globally, our intermediary partners are accelerating their movement, their changes towards a fee-based advisory and fee-based accounts and are expected to grow by upward of $8 trillion in the U.S. over the next several years. As a result our wealth partners are placing more emphasis than ever before on portfolios not just a product, not just an individual bond or not just an individual stock. There also focused on both performance and the value that the underlying investors provide to investors and increasingly our partners are looking for access to high quality portfolio construction and digital technologies to help execute repeatable processes. In this environment BlackRock is able to provide more value to wealth management clients than ever before and in the U.S. through technology like Aladdin risk for wealth management which I will talk about in a few minutes. The reinvention of our sales model and tech enabled an advisor engagement had allowed us to partner with 25% more financial advisors this year than we did at the same point last year at no additional cost. The combination of BlackRock’s differentiated technology offerings and our broad based investment platforms position us as a most sophisticated portfolio construction partner in the industry for both institutions and wealth managers. Looking at flows for the quarter BlackRock saw $8 billion of active net flows driven by multi-asset fixed income and alternatives which contributed to strong organic base fee growth in the quarter. BlackRock is seeing increasingly strong fund raising momentum in the liquid alternatives with $9 billion in flows and commitments year-to-date with particularly strengthened infrastructure funds as the investments we have made in our platform over time are resonating with our clients. Our acquisition of First Reserve infrastructure equity funds which closed in the quarter adds a talented team with specific expertise in energy infrastructure investing and $3 billion of assets to our platform. We now have over $16 billion of total investment and commitment infrastructure capital to manage on behalf of our clients. We also launched the UK first alternative solution fund earlier this month. The fund offers pension searching for yield, a long-term outcome oriented strategy in a single portfolio, which again leverages BlackRock’s specialist teams across credit, real estate and infrastructure. We now managed $98 billion of assets across our core alternative platform and have an additional $15 billion of committed capital to invest going forward. BlackRock saw $86 billion of net inflows into iShares and index funds in the second quarter. Global iShares momentum continued with a record $74 billion of net inflows for a total of $138 billion of net inflows year-to-date. As growth continues following our strategic investment to lower prices for clients, we generated $35 billion of inflows in iShares’ core funds in the quarter. Importantly non-core iShares exposures generated over $38 billion of flows contributing to a higher organic base fee growth for the firm. The rapid growth we are seeing in iShares is increasingly due to the fact that ETFs are no longer used only as a passive allocation, but by active investors that generate alpha in their portfolios. ETF provide those investors targeting exposures without the idiosyncratic risk of any one single stock or one any single bond. Accelerating growth is also coming from the investments we are making more broadly to innovate across the entire ETF ecosystem. This is more than just a product innovation, it’s innovation and distribution, it’s innovation and portfolio construction, technology and ETF and portfolio construction education and in building new markets for new users, all of which foster further adaptation of ETFs worldwide. As we deepen our partnership with clients and continue to strengthen our brand through both investment and technology offerings, global iShares market share of year-to-date flows has expanded to more than 40%. Fixed income ETFs are a great example of the area where broad ecosystem innovation is driving growth. After several years of BlackRock working with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners on the mechanics of fixed income ETFs, accounting guidelines will now treat them as bonds instead of equities they will treat it as they look through treatment to the underlying assets making it much more efficient for insurers to own fixed income ETFs or their portfolios. Another example is the new segment for ETS we recently announced changes in our iShares ETF MBB, the industry flagship mortgage-backed security ETF, to drive accelerated growth. We are evolving MBB or our mortgage backed bond ETF to become the leading financial instruments and I want to underline risk management tool for institutions to access fully funded exposures to physical mortgage pools. By lowering the price to make the fund competitive with direct investments in mortgage securities, institutions will have a more efficient a more liquid option for hedging their mortgage-backed exposures and their direct mortgage origination. We also launched BlackRock’s first self-index ETFs, two smart beta fixed-income ETFs. These new indexes are based on unique intellectual property and leveraging the best of BlackRock’s analytics and modeling capabilities to achieve superior investment outcomes for clients. This illustrates one of the ways we are using our scale and technology to reduce manufacturing costs and pass along greater savings to our clients. Technology is transforming the asset management industry as that pace of technology innovation is accelerating. I have talked about BlackRock’s aspirational target of 30% of our revenues being enabled by technology 5 years from now that is the vision for how I believe technology will help drive revenues and create efficiencies across BlackRock. Some of that vision will be driven by growth in Aladdin and our technology offerings, but much of it will come from using technology to drive investment performance and build better distribution capabilities ultimately delivering growth in base fees and performance fees. And in addition, I am using this target as a mechanism to get all 13,000 of BlackRock’s employees to understand how technology and the utilization of technology is going to change, BlackRock is going to change our client’s needs and will change the entire ecosystem in what we do. Technology will impact all aspects of our business, the way we generate alpha, the way we build portfolios, the way we manage risk, the way we distribute solutions, the way we engage with service providers, the way we operate and even the way we source talent. Aladdin’s portfolio and risk management technology continues to be in demand by institutional clients looking to invest and operate smarter and with more efficiencies. We now have nearly 200 institutional clients using Aladdin. Our investment teams are combining big data and machine learning with traditional fundamental human analysis to generate better sustainable alpha for our clients. As portfolios become increasingly complex and interconnected, we are leveraging our analytical and risk management technology to create more sophisticated and more scalable portfolio construction. Asset allocation and risk management tools for wealth management. Our first three Aladdin risk for wealth management clients are now live and they are benefiting from the Aladdin technology. We are also providing our wealth management partners with integrated digital distribution platform, so they can reach and interact with their end investors in a more scalable, in a more repeatable way. Building on our acquisitions of FutureAdvisor, our investment in iCapital, we continue to expand our digital distribution capabilities with an acquisition of Cachematrix, and a minority investment in scalable capital. Both platforms will allow us to provide our clients with scalable technology-enabled solutions. In addition to driving growth, we are using Aladdin to drive operating efficiencies. The investments we made in our trading technology and operations have dramatically reduced the cost of our trades. We have reduced our trades by 80% over the last 5 years. This has been a huge reduction in those basic costs and is totally driven by technology. Going forward, technology-enabled scale will be increasingly important for every aspect of an asset managers business, our client service, our asset generation and operational excellence. This year, we will be spending $1 billion on technology and data and have over 3,500 employees working on technology and data-related roles. We recently signed a 20-year lease for a new global headquarters at Hudson Yards in New York, which will be the state-of-the-art hub that is technologically advanced, environmentally sustainable and operationally resilient. Our new headquarters will epitomize our tech-centric culture and create a world-class experience for our people and our clients. As I have said many times but I made it as much as ever today, I have never seen more opportunities for BlackRock than I do today. The record growth we are seeing is a direct result of the investments we made to build our platform over time, continuing to invest in high growth areas of our business and moving into the adjacent areas to enhance the solutions we can offer to our clients both remain a critical priorities in order to drive future growth and provide increased value to both our clients and to our shareholders. With that, let me open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hello, there. So, I want to get a little follow-up on the Aladdin for wealth. So, we have been watching you invest in this. We turned three on this quarter. I am assuming there is not much in the way of revenue yet and it’s more expense upfront. So maybe as we roll forward say over the next year or so what are we supposed to think about in terms of I am sure there is a lot of training going on behind the scenes, what kind of uptake should we expect and when do you think we will see it show up in both revenues and flows, because retail still 10% of AUM, but I like you have a lot of high hopes for this investment?
Gary Shedlin: So Glenn, it’s Gary. Good morning. I think we are obviously working very hard on an active pipeline for Aladdin risk for wealth management. I think part of – but first of all it’s generating revenue today. Obviously, there are long implementations as there are for any Aladdin implementation which could be as long as 12 months to 18 months where we bear more significant cost upfront as we have talked about before. But I think really the clients that we had are – we are all still learning together about all of the amazing things that we can do with these clients both from the top-down, in terms of some of the risk and compliance opportunities and then more importantly some of the other bottoms-up more specific financial advisor opportunities regarding portfolio construction and asset allocation that move from advisor on. So I think it’s hard for us to basically specify any given level of revenue other than to say that we think it’s going to accelerate significantly over the next couple of years both as we continue to adopt new opportunities with the existing clients and basically work through the pipeline of new opportunities going forward.
Laurence Fink: Glenn, I would very similar to institutional implementations, Aladdin for wealth management is actually even more complex, because we are in that dealing with let’s say dozens of portfolio managers, ultimately Aladdin for wealth management is going to be delta to house level at the CIO level and then ultimately it will be implemented maybe depending on each firm at the individual financial advisor level. And this will allow us to have on opportunity to be at our financial advisor’s desktops. So the actual implementation probably it is a little longer, because of the significance of the scale of it, but let’s be clear this may become one of the great opportunities for BlackRock. We are going to continue to be driving more and more of the opportunities for Aladdin for wealth management. I see this being our transformation for our position in retail globally. And what I believe this does, it allows BlackRock to be even more important than the overall ecosystem of – in wealth management. It gives us, the Aladdin system will provide portfolio construction tools, it provides risk management, it is not a tools to sell only BlackRock products, it is a tool that enhance the wealth managers value proposition. They will be able to use other products on another firms, but we believe by having that placement in the desktop that placement and we have seen this in other areas, it gives us that that opportunity to have deeper, better dialogues. And so we look at this as one more fundamental long-term strategies for positioning. And as Gary suggested, there are revenues now, but the revenues are very [indiscernible] to how the institutional side are there are very modest and the margins are subdued during this process of implementation. And once utilized depending on how well they are utilized by the amount of financial advisors then we would expect increased utilization and through increased utilization will revenues from the platform.
Operator: Our next question is from line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Laurence Fink: Hi Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. The SGA conducted a review on the mutual fund industry with some conclusions on the competitiveness of the market and on pricing, what sort of reactions have you seen from that review and how might this parallel your minority stake in scalable capital?
Gary Shedlin: Well, I think that we as all – hey Ken, it’s Gary, as always you I think we obviously support a better ecosystem for investors. We think that to the extent that there is a better ecosystem that supports more transparency for investors and they feel more comfortable, they will obviously put more money to work. So I think we are obviously broadly supportive of a lot of what’s in the study. We are just debriefing, in fact we are going to be going through it in more detail. But I think that everything there feels constructive. We are supportive of basically trying to inform how we do business in a more transparent manner with investors and we will be making and obviously continuing to work with the regulators to make additional comments to affect we try and optimize that going forward. But I think we feel that we are incredibly well positioned from the study to drive our business. I think the U.S. in many respects in terms of the most of the changes that’s occurred here in terms of the migration to fee based planning which we think is obviously where Europe is going to go positions us incredibly well to learn and to basically effectuate that opportunity. And I think our desire to basically grow that is exactly why we looked for an opportunity like scalable capital to do it in a matter that will help us evolve with the marketplace.
Laurence Fink: Along the question with scalable capital or any digital advise it’s a portal that is offering low fee products such as ETFs is going to be of greater value, we did not. We bought scalable capital on a macro base we believe in that as Gary said the U.S. experience will be similar in Europe. And so once again we are trying to take a couple steps ahead of our clients. And we are I think paying a good attention to the ecosystem changes that the regulators are evolving themselves in terms of making this a better environment for more investors. One thing I would say the key issue for Europe is over 72% of all savings is in cash in Europe. One of the great reasons why PE ratios are lower in Europe than the United States is most savers are only in cash and bank deposits. If through regulatory changes, through digital advise, through low cost alternatives, if we could provide Europeans with a better alternative that they look towards for investing overall a long horizon by being positioned there with digital technology with our iShares brand in Europe, I think we are as well positioned as any firm in the whole continent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone. To the data shows the ETFs aren’t jut stealing share from mutual funds or active managers, but also from other sources like single security investors including in short retail investors, so the industry is stealing wallet share financial assets and total retail flows have actually accelerated in 2017 despite the DLO world, do you have any data or thought taking share behind this trend to help us think about how much of iShares’ growth is actually coming from outside of the asset management industry?
Gary Shedlin: Well, I think you cited it quite well and I cited it in my prepared talks. We are seeing regulatory changes change the ETFs environment. We do believe we see accelerated flows, because the method to because of the movement towards the fiduciary role in the United States. We are seeing more active investors using ETFs to express their exposures which I talked about. I think that is accelerating having the insurance commissioners changing capital, having a look through treatment for fixed income ETFs is very important because insurance industry did not use ETFs because the differential in capital charges just because of the CUSIP number and now you have a look through treatment and so we believe the environment for ETFs is continuing to evolve. We believe it’s continuing to grow and much of it also has to do with the ecosystem innovation. I think what we are doing in the mortgage backed area is going to have even a large opportunity for ETF growth as we can now use ETFs as a vehicle to hedge mortgage production. So I think what’s going on is – and then I’ll let Rob Kapito to speak up, I do believe you are seeing more utilization of ETFs from institutions and retail as a foreign exposure. In the active side, we are seeing more utilization across the board in more products and I think that’s what we are starting to see that acceleration. Before Rob speaks, I just want to say one important point, index and ETF still only represent 10% of the entire equity market global capitalization. And here we are talking about a great amount of flows with $160 odd trillion global equity market capitalization we have much more opportunities for ETFs to grow not just in equities, but in fixed income. And I believe this is just the beginning. It reminds me of when Rob and I were young driving the mortgage-backed securities market in the late 70s, early 80s or for me in the late 70s, Rob. Rob, any comments?
Robert Kapito: Yes. First of all, I am younger than you, but second of all, Craig, I think it’s not just stealing market share, what’s obvious, where that’s coming from, whether it be mutual funds or whether it become futures or others. What’s exciting is new areas that are being created with the awareness of ETFs that not only can that be used for hedging vehicles, they can be used as Larry mentioned in the insurance area now with mortgage-backed securities which as you know are very expensive to buy because of prepayments and because of custodial costs. So, there is new and newer uses for ETFs every single day and that’s why what we are trying to do is respond and be in front of our clients and we have to go out and discuss with them ways that they can use ETFs that they have not been able to use them before. So, I would say it’s not only stealing market share, it’s creating new market share which is really the big opportunity for all of us.
Gary Shedlin: One last thing I would say that’s really important, historically, many institutions used derivative swaps or futures for hedging purposes and that was very obscure and nontransparent. What we are now seeing whether it’s a bank, a trading desk or a bank balance sheet, an insurance company, a mortgage originator, we are now starting to see more and more utilization of ETFs, which is transparent. So, we look at this as a net positive. And when people talk about this or not taken into the context, how large derivative swap in futures have been and now – which was totally nontransparent and now all this activity is moving much more on to a transparent platform, which obviously is one of the reason why you are seeing the growth. And the other thing I would just say and Rob talked about it we are seeing more and more investors instead of buying individual stocks or individual bonds are using ETFs to get their exposures.
Christopher Meade: Their next question?
Operator: Your next question is from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Gary Shedlin: Good morning.
Brennan Hawken: So just wanted to follow-up on Gary’s comments about the fee rate, so I know that you walked through the fact that it’s stable which is certainly attributed to the reversals from the divergent beta and FX as you highlighted. I am just kind of curious whether or not is it too much to expect that some of the reversal of those trends that have hindered your fee rate over the last few years could actually turn into tailwinds which might allow for the fee rate to expand or is stability the best way we should think about it? And I know that sometimes averages can cause the numbers on a quarterly basis to not necessarily reflect the whole story. So, when we think about the exit rate coming out of the quarter here, how should we think about the fee rate here tactically more in the near-term too? Thanks.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Brennan. Good question. So, again, I just want to take a step back again just back to the Morgan Stanley Conference, so we talked there about the fact that the blended fee rate over the last several years has obviously been impacted by a variety of factors that we don’t control. We have talked about them as exogenous factors. We have obviously pointed to both the Virgin equity beta, dollar appreciation, but importantly also shifting client preferences towards lower risk asset classes and index strategies, especially last year where obviously we saw probably – we saw a large dispersion between our asset growth rate and our base fee growth rate and that actually has also has an impact by virtue of mix in terms of our fee rate. And I think all of those factors have really masked the benefit we have achieved from executing you know a pretty good differentiated growth strategy. The fee rate declined about 1.4 basis points from the second quarter of last year and that was a continuation of some of the things we have talked about, the impact of international market underperformance, dollar appreciation throughout last year, impact importantly of recent price cuts or what we would rather call an investment in our iShares franchise that were not reflected in last year’s prior second quarter and importantly a slower rate of organic base fee growth relative to asset growth in the second half of last year. Sequentially, the fee rate has stabilized as those headwinds as you mentioned associated with divergent beta and FX have abated and should those trends continue, the impact of our accelerating organic base fee growth rate which has been about 6% year-to-date so far clearly should be more apparent over time. In my opinion know, if we can sustain organic based fee growth in excess of 5%, frankly, we have done that in 2012, ‘13, ‘14, ‘15 and year-to-date this year, last year was really the first year in the last five that we didn’t do that. I am not really sure why the fee rate itself is garnering that much attention other than I understand that it’s the basis of a lot of the modeling that everybody is doing, but I think right now we are feeling incredibly comfortable with the level of organic base fee growth rate that we are seeing and are paying a little less attention to the overall fee rate as long as we can generate that revenue momentum.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Gary Shedlin: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Can you discuss the reaction from both clients and your distribution partners from the repositioning of the equity platform earlier this year and in particular maybe talk about some of the flows at the product level and if there is outflows that you anticipate that may still come as a result of those changes?
Laurence Fink: So, look we continue to believe in active management. And as clients focus more on outcomes, both the active and the index are going to play a role in portfolios to drive returns. So, we announced changes to our active equity platform in March. These changes were not effective until mid to late June. So, it’s a little early to tell and see any material progress from the re-org of both flows or financial advice, but as anticipated we saw some accelerated outflows from the funds impacted by the changes, which contributed to some of the active equity outflows in the second quarter. But other of our fundamental active equity funds that were in part of the changes to the platform actually saw a slight improvement in outflows and additionally, we had a few large client redemptions from our scientific active equity. But a portion of these outflows were recaptured on our platform as certain clients moved into index strategies. So, our focus is going to be on generating strong performance, which we believe differentiates our ability to work with our clients to achieve their desired long-term outcomes to drive improvements in both the scientific and fundamental active equity funds since last year and there I have already seen some excellent performance in the quantitative side, 92% of our active – quantitative active equity and 78% of our fundamental active equity assets are above their benchmark and peer mediums for the 3-year period. And then the creation of our advantage series which is offering clients the ability to outperform and have the lowest fees, all of those are showing results and all of this I believe is part of our announcement of Monarch and the upside that we have to come. So we are very encouraged the portfolio managers are energized to be able share information across multiple platforms. We have heard very positive views from our clients because everyone is focused on figuring out how to utilize the big data that’s out there to their advantage to create performance. So the rollout of it has been something that we have gotten very, very good client feedback from and I am very optimistic about it going forward.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Hi, good morning everybody. So Larry I want to go back to the comment you made around $1 billion you guys are spending currently on tech and data with over 3,000 people, obviously it’s been and continues to be very important growth area for you guys, but how much I guess do you guys expect that to grow over the next years and which area specifically you targeted more either on the data side or the technology side. And I guess you have just taken a step back, bigger picture, how should we think about overall margins in the tech and risk business as you guys continue to invest and scale this up over the next couple of years?
Laurence Fink: Let me let Gary answer that and I will give some color.
Gary Shedlin: So good morning Alex, so just to give a little bit of color on the people and the investment, the 3,500 rough cut people in technology and data related roles includes expected technology roles such as programmers and quant modelers, but also less obvious ones that leverage technology and data in a significant way like our iShares analytics and electronic trading teams. So as Larry basically mentioned we are thinking technology much more holistically not as a specific definition, but embracing technology to drive our overall – our overall business. We are spending about $1 billion this year to support that technology and data initiative which includes a number of things, but also includes compensation and related expenses associated with obviously those people as well as hardware, software and market data costs for the firm more broadly. I think in terms of margins, more broadly know as you know we are not really big on talking about individual margins of vertical businesses and so as we really think about incremental margins on specific products or businesses that’s not an overwhelming or relevant number that we think about day-to-day. But for example to think about driving growth in iShares, as an example we are investing beyond simple product innovation, we are investing in the entire ETF ecosystem, we are investing in distribution or investing in portfolio construction, technology, we are investing in capital markets, ETF and portfolio construction. Education, we are talking about building new markets for new users. And I think there is no question the accelerating growth that we are seeing in iShares is a direct result of those investments more broadly. We are really trying to take a much more portfolio oriented approach to investing in technology and notwithstanding some of things that we are doing that go also through our P&L. You are also seeing us making a number of strategic acquisitions or other investments, sometimes they are controlled like Cachematrix and sometimes they really do get to see that the table and try to learn and help our partners evolve like scalable capital and high capital. I think the important thing is that whichever direction we are going to go, we are going to continue use our scale which we think is a huge driver of our ability to efficiently spend on technology in ways that others can’t really to drive that growth and increased market share for both shareholders and our clients.
Laurence Fink: Alex, I would argue in every industry in the world today technology will be changing how we operate, how our clients operate and if we are not aggressively trying to be providing technology to interface with our clients better, technology to create more efficiencies as we operate and technology as we think about how to get better insights we will be – we will not provide the information and the ideas to our clients. And I believe we need to be driving this faster. And I do believe as I said for quarter and quarter and quarter I believe through this relentless investments we are able to secure deeper, broader relationships with more clients worldwide. I think Aladdin for wealth management is going to allow us to have a much better position going forward with all our distribution partners and helping them to think about the risk for their own clients so they do a better job with their clients. And the key for all of us worldwide if our clients have better outcomes as I talked about Europe and the amount of cash if we can provide better outcomes and better risk information so people look to investing more for the long-term, we will all be better off. And I believe this is an important responsibility and role for BlackRock to use technology to enhance financial literacy [Technical Difficulty] financial literacy to our financial advisors and ultimately financial – and allowing that technology allow our financial advisors provide better literacy to their clients. And this is something that is we are very aggressive on and I do believe the relentless pace that we have related towards technology puts us in a differentiated position than any other asset manager and we will continue to try to drive technology to make us different.
Operator: Your next question is from William Katz with Citigroup.
Laurence Fink: Hey Bill.
William Katz: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. And this is actually feeds on what you guys are sort of talking about, as you think about the margin, I was trying to look back to your last Analyst Day, it seemed like the formula was some revenue growth, some operating leverage and you get some sort of mid-teens earnings growth on top of that with low capital management, is there a shift here just to more of a top line focus and maybe a little bit more flattening the margin opportunity on a go forward basis and within that, the $750 million [ph] mentioned to sort of second half of planned G&A, could you talk about, is that sort of like the new run rate as you look ahead given the relentless drive to grow the business? Thank you.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks Bill. Good morning to you. So look, as we have said in the past week we really don’t manage the business to a specific margin target. And in my view, my personal view quarterly comparisons here are less relevant and you really should look at our performance over a more appropriate period of time especially in the context of the organic growth that we are generating today. Our commitment has not changed. Our commitment has always been to optimize organic growth in the most efficient way possible especially by leveraging our scale for both clients and shareholders. And I think if you look back over the work that we have done since BGI, in particular the operating margin is up well over 500 basis points and we have invested significantly back into the business. We are currently generating record organic growth, especially in terms of base fees. As I mentioned over the last 12 months $335 million plus of net new business, that’s 7% organic AUM growth and importantly 5% organic base fee growth. It was a significant time where people were asking us when we were going to get to those levels. And well, I think it’s still early to call it’s sustainable for a significant period of time. This level of growth is clearly a direct result of the investments that we have made over time. No one likes higher margins than I do or well, maybe the guy sitting next to me actually does, but I also know that our level of organic growth determines our multiple and continuing to invest to support these record levels of organic growth is a critical priority for us and one that will be maintained going forward. While there is obviously an upward bias to our margin as we continue to grow in a constructive environment, I think as Larry indicated in his in his remarks, we intend to continue playing offense by aggressively investing to create more opportunities for future growth.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning, for your interest in BlackRock. Our second quarter results once again highlights our long-term investments we made to enhance and differentiate BlackRock, it is differentiated because our global investment platform is differentiated because of our global technology platform. We will continue to invest in both our technology and investment capabilities and use our scale to deliver better outcomes for our clients and shareholders. And we are going to use that scale to provide better financial literacy and better long-term results on behalf of our clients which will enable them to invest in more financial assets, we and the whole industry will be better off. We believe we have a good start in doing that and we believe we have deeper, stronger relationship with more clients worldwide than we ever had before, which I believe will lead to future growth for the firm and for our shareholders. Everyone have a very good quarter. And we will talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence Fink - Chairman and CEO Gary Shedlin - CFO Robert Kapito - President Christopher Meade - General Counsel
Analysts: Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Bill Katz - Citi Michael Carrier - Bank of America Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Robert Lee - KBW Daniel Fannon - Jefferies Patrick Davitt - Autonomous
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2017 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary Shedlin; President; Robert S. Kapito, and General Counsel, Christopher Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty, and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks, Chris and good morning everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2017. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I’ll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as-adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as-adjusted results. BlackRock’s competitive position has allowed us to continuously invest from a position of strength and to adapt and change our business model, always with a goal of being prepared to deliver outcomes for clients by leveraging a comprehensive set of technology and risk management capabilities. This strategy has fostered deeper client relationships and led to a differentiated and more consistent level of organic growth. BlackRock’s first quarter results reflected $80 billion of long-term net inflows, representing an annualized organic asset growth rate of 7% and an annualized organic base fee growth rate of 5%, highlighting the value of these investments and the success in our broad-based global technology and investment platform.  Flows were positive across product type, client type, and region. First-quarter revenue of $2.8 billion was 8% higher than a year ago, and despite costs associated with the repositioning of our active equity business, operating income of $1.2 billion rose 10%. Earnings per share of $5.25 were up 24% compared to a year ago driven also by higher nonoperating results and a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $42 million of net investment gains, an increase from the first quarter of 2016 due to higher marks in the current quarter. First-quarter net interest expense included $14 million of call premium expense associated with the current quarter’s successful refinancing of our $700 million, 6.25% notes, which were called prior to their September 2017 maturity. Our issuance of $700 million of ten-year notes yielding 3.25% will result in a reduction of $21 million of annual interest expense going forward.  Our as-adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 23.8%, compared to 29.6% a year ago, and included an $81 million discrete tax benefit associated with the adoption of new accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation awards that vested during the quarter. We continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2017, so the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of additional discrete items and tax law changes that could arise during the year. First quarter base fees rose 7% year-over-year, driven primarily by the positive impact of market appreciation and organic growth on our average assets under management. On a constant currency basis, we estimate that base fees were approximately 9% year-over-year. Sequentially, base fees were up 2%. Growth in both year-over-year and sequential base fees was partially offset by the impact of a lower day count in the first quarter of 2017. Performance fees of $70 million increased $36 million from the first quarter of 2016, reflecting better hedge fund and long-only performance, but declined $59 million from the fourth quarter of 2016, primarily due to seasonally higher fees from funds with a performance measurement period that ended in the fourth quarter. Aladdin revenue of $158 million, was up 12% year-over-year driven by new clients and several sizable implementations going live on the Aladdin platform over the last year. Internally, we recently realigned financial markets advisory for our FMA business with client solutions and the BlackRock Investment Institute to offer clients a more cohesive and comprehensive advisory service. To better align our external reporting in light of this change, Aladdin revenue, previously reported within the Blackrock Solutions and advisory line item on our income statement will now be presented as technology and risk management revenue on our P&L. Advisory revenue associated with our FMA business will now be combined with other revenue and included as part of an advisory and other revenue line item. Technology is changing how the world invests and how we interact with clients. We continued to see strong market demand for institutional Aladdin, Aladdin Risk for Wealth Management, FutureAdvisor, and other technology solutions as clients seek sophisticated risk analytics and portfolio construction tools. This new presentation, which is reflected in our first quarter income statement, is intended to sharpen the focus on our technology and risk management businesses at BlackRock. Total expense increased 6% year-over-year and 1% sequentially driven by higher compensation and volume related expense, lower G&A expense, and $22 million of certain one-time expense associated with the recently announced strategic repositioning of our active equity platform. Employee compensation and benefit expense was up $78 million or 8% year-over-year, reflecting higher incentive compensation, driven primarily by higher performance fees and higher operating income, and approximately $20 million of severance and accelerated compensation expense associated with the repositioning of the Active Equity platform. Sequentially, compensation and benefit expense was up 4%, reflecting these repositioning costs, higher seasonal payroll taxes, and an increase in stock-based compensation expense related to new 2017 grants, partially offset by lower incentive compensation resulting from seasonally lower performance fees and operating income in the current quarter. G&A expense was down 5% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower discretionary, marketing, and promotional spend. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased $54 million from the fourth quarter or 15% primarily reflecting the seasonal impact of lower marketing and promotional expense in the first quarter and reduced foreign exchange remeasurement expense. Aggregate G&A expense in the first quarter also benefited from a delay in the timing of certain expense items, including marketing and promotional expense, which we anticipate will be incurred throughout the remainder of 2017. Assuming stable markets, we continue to expect a modestly higher level of full year G&A spend in 2017 as compared to 2016. Our first quarter as adjusted operating margin of 42.6% was up 100 basis points year-over-year, reflecting a continued focus on striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and practical discretionary expense management. We remain committed to leveraging the benefits of our scale for both clients and shareholders.  We also remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value by first reinvesting in our business and then returning excess cash to shareholders. In line with that commitment, we previously announced a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend to $2.50 per share of common stock and also repurchased an additional $275 million worth of shares in the first quarter. We stand by previous guidance as it relates to share repurchases for the remainder of the year.  First-quarter long-term net inflows of $80 billion were positive across client types and diversified across asset classes and regions. Long-term net inflows benefited from significant flows into iShares as both institutional and retail clients increased their use of ETFs as the building blocks for their portfolios and in combinations to drive active returns. Global iShares generated record quarterly net inflows of $64 billion; representing 20% annualized organic growth, driven in part by an accelerating global shift to fee-based advisory in the wealth channel and by rapid adoption of iShares ETFs as financial instruments by professional money managers. iShares captured the number one share of first quarter industry [indiscernible] globally in the US, Europe, and in equity and fixed income with our US iShares franchise crossing over $1 trillion in assets under management for the first time. IShares equity and net inflows of $45 billion reflected demand for core ETFs across both developed and emerging market exposures and strong inflows into higher fee precision exposures and smart beta ETFs. Fixed income iShares net inflows of $20 million were led by flows into investment-grade corporate and emerging market bond funds. Our institutional business generated $11 billion of long-term net inflows in the first quarter driven primarily by index inflows. Institutional active net outflows of $1 billion reflected net outflows in equity and fixed income, partially offset by inflows into multi-asset and alternatives. multi-asset flows were driven by our LifePath target-date series, which saw $5 billion of net inflows in the quarter, the strongest flow quarter in recent history. Excluding return of client capital, institutional alternatives generated over $2 billion of net inflows, reflecting deployment of committed capital in infrastructure and private equity and hedge fund solutions. Momentum in alternatives is continuing evidenced by yet another strong fund raising quarter for illiquids as we raise more than $2 billion in new commitments. Illiquid alternatives remain a key growth area for BlackRock as further demonstrated by our recent announcement of the acquisition of the First Reserve Infrastructure funds. We expect this acquisition to close later this quarter bringing total invested and committed infrastructure capital to approximately $14 billion. Retail net inflows of $5 billion were led by inflows into fixed income and index equity products, partially offset by outflows from world allocation strategies. Fixed income net inflows of $5 million were diversified across our top performing platform and included $2 million of inflows into unconstrained strategies as well as strong flows into emerging markets and municipals. In addition, our multi-asset income strategy raised $1 billion during the first quarter as investors continued to target specific income oriented outcomes. Our first quarter financial and business results reflect the benefits of the investments we made to evolve our global distribution, investment and technology platforms ahead of evolving client needs and industry trends. Diversification, whether investment style, distribution channel, product for region and scale create a truly advantage competitive position that will enable us to continue making strategic investments with the goal of delivering long-term value for clients and shareholders alike. With that I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. BlackRock’s first-quarter results are a reflection of the purposeful investments we have made over our first 29 years to create the broadest investment platform in the asset management industry, and complemented by a global distribution network and industry-leading technology. Our full range of investment strategies with strength in index, factors, smart beta, quantitative and fundamental actives and alternatives uniquely position BlackRock to develop a more holistic relationship and connect deeper with our clients. Our strong results this quarter are not a result of what we did over the last three months, but really a result of our long-term strategy. We have always kept our focus on the long-term working to understand the evolution of the asset management ecosystem and to anticipate changes in our client’s needs so that we can adapt ahead of change and better meet their needs. For this reason clients today rely on BlackRock not only for investment solutions, but also for our insights and guidance on how to navigate the global investment landscape. Over the past year, global events have had a significant impact in markets and investor sentiment. Following the presidential election, US equity markets surged to an all-time high driven by expectations for fiscal stimulus and regulatory reform, and reflation expectations have been steadily increasing, although, there is still uncertainty about healthcare, uncertainty about tax and trade reform, when they will be ultimately be implemented in the United States and investor confidence has partially changed. There are significant issues related to tax reform, infrastructure spending, and so we need to see how this all evolves. We are still optimistic, but we have to see how these all evolve.  Strong first-quarter equity returns have been driven by a synchronized recovery in global economic growth with the sharpest recovery seen internationally. However, it is unclear how social and political agendas will play out, particularly in Europe ahead of several elections, which is creating even more market anxiety. Furthermore, if the dollar remained strong following a period of significant appreciation we could see further headwinds for dollar-based investors with global portfolios. Despite recent action by the Federal Reserve, the impact to sustain low rates in our clients’ portfolios will continue. Many clients today are struggling to meet their liability needs and will likely to continue and will likely remain a challenge. As I talk about in my recent Chairman’s letter to our shareholders in our annual report, at the heart of BlackRock is the culture that embraces change. We as an organization, we anticipate, we prepare, and we transform change into opportunities.  As the landscape for asset managers evolve, a challenging narrative has emerged across the industry, one of managers having to play defense to protect themselves from market headwinds, structural changes and fee pressure. The reason much of the asset management industry is in defensive is that many managers have not evolved and they are playing catch-up. We built BlackRock differently. Evolution is a part and a critical part of our culture. Throughout our history we have focused on identifying critical trends. We anticipated how those trends will impact our clients’ needs and then we pivot our business accordingly. As a result, we built [Indiscernible] equipped with investment strategies and technology, one that is agile. We seek to adapt ahead of change, not in response to it. However, we also recognize that sometimes we make a misstep and addressing those quickly is just as important. BlackRock has a full range of investment strategies for market cap weighted index exposures at one end to liquid alternatives at the other and everything in between. We have created technology capable of bringing those building blocks together to design and deliver outcomes for our clients, and we have built unmatched scale that strategically positions us to create value for our clients and our shareholders. Now is the time more than ever for BlackRock to play offense. Our scalable investment and technology platform is our greatest durable competitive advantage and going forward we will continue to identify opportunities to use our advantage market position to create better financial futures for clients and drive long-term growth for shareholders. We are using our scale to lower prices for clients and drive growth and market share increases for BlackRock in our US iShares core ETFs. We are using our scale to create more efficient relationships with our service providers, and earlier this year we announced our plans to move $1 trillion of custodial assets. We are using our scale to build industry leading technology to optimize investment performance and outcomes for our clients. We are using our scale to enhance our talent profile by tapping into a diverse network and we are using our scale to make tactical, fill-in acquisitions that further enhances our platform, our technology capabilities and our geographic reach. This approach is widening our competitive advantage and driving our ability to generate consistently strong organic growth. And we are going to continue to press our competitive advantage going forward always with the best interests of our clients and our shareholders. In the first quarter BlackRock generated $80 billion of long-term net inflows representing a 7% annualized organic growth. Flows were positive across product types, client types, and all our regions. Rugged ETF flows are a tangible example of the fundamental change we see in the ecosystem of wealth management and capital markets.  Simple building blocks like iShares core has a strategy holding for long-term investors. Fixed income ETFs alongside bonds for institutions, large asset owners taking greater control of portfolio risk profiles with factor based ETFs, and more and more investors are using a combination of ETFs to generate active returns. The investment landscape is changing and BlackRock is investing in iShares to lead industry growth and evolution. IShares saw record first quarter inflows of $64 billion as clients saw ETFs in their portfolio, both for index exposures and as building block to deliver alpha. Last October, we anticipated key changes impacting our retail and institutional clients that would change the way large pools of assets will be managed. We made a deliberate strategic investment in our US iShares core ETFs, positioning this business to offer the highest quality product at the best value for our clients. This strategy is working, posting organic revenue and asset growth that exceeded our expectations. Since this strategic repricing we have seen acceleration in growth in our iShares US core ETFs with $52 billion of net inflows representing a 50% annualized organic growth. We have experienced a sizable up tick in our core market share, and we have recaptured more than 50% of the revenue impact through organic growth alone. Several years ago we anticipated growing interest from our clients in factors and smart beta. Those strategies remain a significant area of focus for BlackRock and BlackRock is positioned to win. We saw $2 billion in net inflows into BlackRock’s smart, Beta ETF in the first quarter contributing to the total factor base net inflows of $3 billion in our first quarter. The combination of our technology platform, our distribution connectivity, our commitment to risk management and our broad investment platform will enable us to be a leader in this space. We believe in active management more than ever before especially in less efficient markets where returns are less correlated. But we will believe going forward clients will be looking for different ways and different things from active equity and assets will need to be generating in the new ways. In October, we refined and expanded our active fixed income platform. 90% of our U.S. fixed income mutual fund platform now offers top quartile performance and top quartile pricing. Our constraint product range is also well positioned for rising rate environment and we are beginning to see momentum with over $2 billion of net inflows in the quarter. As active equity management is being reshaped by massive advancements in technology and data science and clients are focusing more on outcomes, we recently reevaluated our active equity platform so that we are in a position to efficiently and consistently deliver investment performance to our clients. We spent our product offerings into a range of strategies that expand different levels of alpha-generation and value with the appropriate manufacturing cost for BlackRock and we are harnessing the power of people and technology as we lean into supporting both our fundamental and our quantitative equity managers with the sheered data science and technology capabilities. We believe that levering our global scale and technology we can drive better outcomes for our clients and future growth for BlackRock. To the end of the quarter 65% of our fundamental active equities at 85% of our scientific active equity assets were above the benchmark medium for the three year period. The investments that we made in iShares shares and our active fixed income and an active equities are about leveraging our breadth, our scale and our technology to reach the benefits of competitive advantages to drive growth and we will continue to find ways to lever those unique strikes. As we look for other opportunities overall for our clients alternatives remain a key area focus as our clients increasingly are searching for additional sources of income and hopefully uncorrelated returns. We saw another strong fund raising quarter with $2 billion of commitments and we now have more than $12 billion un-invested committed capital to invest going forward across our $100 billion core alternative platform. We continue to advocate for infrastructure investing and supportive policy to unlock private capital which offer multiple benefits including providing new sources of return for investors, creating jobs, improving productivity and increasing capacity for long term economic growth. Today we manage $30 billion in real assets and we expect this to continue area of growth for BlackRock. As we look to enhance BlackRock global credit platform last month we brought [indiscernible] to lead BlackRock's credit business along [Indiscernible]. We believe that the combination of BlackRock long established presence and expertise in fixed income and our growing alternative platform positions us to be a leading provider in both liquid and in-liquid credit which provides attractive risk adjusted opportunities for our clients for seeking differentiated source of income. Well, technology has always been a key differentiator for BlackRock it is more essential to our business than ever before. We believe technology can transform our industry with enhanced technology and risk management helping investors achieve better outcomes and we at BlackRock are leading that transformation. Our goal is to be the most sophisticated user of data and technology in the financial services industry. We seek to transform and integrate the way the assets and wealth managers are creating client outcomes through portfolio construction asset allocation, risk management and digital distribution. Our Aladdin technology is being used by more clients than ever before well with revenues growing 12% year-over-year and demand from Aladdin’s multi-asset capabilities by institutions globally specially in Europe and Latin America remain strong. We also continue to see momentum in retail demand for Aladdin as interest continues to increase for Aladdin risk for wealth management which provides intermediaries with institutional quality portfolio construction modeling and risk management technology. We are currently implementing a handful of clients in this technology in the United States, in Europe and in Asia. Aladdin remains the only integrated investment risk management system on the market. And we believe this differentiation will continue to drive the attractive value proposition and premium price points. In line with the commitment to technology we recently nominated Chuck Robins to our board of directors. Chuck has helped global corporations navigate world being reshaped by technology advancements. We have consistently and consciously developed our board with the eye towards the future and Chuck brings a deep understanding of technology promise to our board at a critical time for BlackRock. Building a record total net inflows of $202 billion in 2016, we began 2017 by continuing to invest in our business to capture the opportunities ahead of us to drive continued growth, and to aggressively leverage the benefit of our scale. We are transforming the change around us into the opportunities for the future. Finding new methods to generate sustainable alpha, using technology and innovative ways building no our platform to server clients evolving needs, creating continued opportunities for our employees and delivering consisted returns for our shareholders. Now let's open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Your first question comes from Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Larry in a Bloomberg interview you stated that Aladdin -- you see Aladdin pushing about $5 billion of revenue in the next five years. Maybe can you talk about what Aladdin would look like as a $5 billion revenue business and maybe what might be the greatest risk that could prevent BlackRock from reaching these targets?
Laurence Fink: I said that was an aspiration, let’s be clear. And it was technology not just Aladdin. So we believe what we are doing in with our FutureAdvisor platform, with our iRetire platform, and of course in Aladdin for wealth management, Aladdin for institutional clients, Aladdin provider for the custodial banking industry. We believe we have great growth potentials worldwide. As I said in my prepared remarks we are seeing Aladdin interest in LatAm, in Europe. We have wealth management -- Aladdin for wealth management integration going on right now in Asia, and so it's continuing to drive our platform, but I am – where I am most pleased and I think has been the evolution of Aladdin beyond what it’s core competency was a few years back by allowing – by having the ability to work with our wealth management clients and helping them having the analytical capacity to analyze the risk of every single client they have. And so especially in a world that is moving with MiFID II with a world that is moving more towards advisory-less brokerage, I believe the need for greater oversight, greater understanding is going to be necessary, and the Aladdin platform is one of the options that many people have to drive that technology knowledge. So and then, we will continue to do acquisitions, we have few areas that we are looking at right now to further add opportunities that we have in technology. But let me just say importantly what technology is for BlackRock. It's the core of our culture. So it’s and what I do believe what our clients are finding when they have the Aladdin platform and when you have the singularity of one technology platform throughout an organization, it's driving our clients’ culture, and I do believe this is going to continue to drive a component of the growth that we see for Aladdin, so we are quite excited. At times, we are pretty overwhelmed with the opportunities but Mr. Goldstein and team have done a very good job in terms of driving those opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning Larry. So if you look at BlackRock’s strong AUM growth over the last three years and contrast it to the slower revenue and EPS growth trends, and I -- we know large component that delta is driven by one time market factors like FX and divergent beta, but when you focus just on the fee rate, can you provide us a rough estimate of the impact from the market driven factors and then also the client driven factors when you think about negative mix shift towards core series and fee cuts, and I am just really looking for kind of ballpark figures here?
Gary Shedlin: Hey Craig, it's Gary. Good morning. So maybe I will take crack at that for you. I think if we can start, recall from investor day which was I guess about nine months ago, we showed the chart on investor day that detailed how despite growth of about $1.3 billion on our base fees, and I think it was from 2012 to 2015, so that chart is a little outdated now, despite that growth our fee rate had actually declined by little over 1 basis point. I think it was about 1.3 basis points. Organic growth drove about 30% of the revenue growth over that period of time, and actually expanded our fee rate by about 1 basis point. That, I would basically refer you to as mixed shift and that is a phenomenon where our organic base fee growth is actually growing faster than our organic asset growth which frankly with the exception of last year, it has done pretty continuously. While beta and FX and drove about 70% of the revenue growth, which again our elements outside of our direct control had actually caused a 2 basis points decline in the fee rate over that time period, and that is really what we talk about as being divergent beta, and FX actually increases our revenue but it actually decreases our fee rate, and if you think about it, pretty simply the S&P has significantly outperformed global and emerging markets, and we have seen significant dollar strengthening by somewhere between 20% and 25% versus the pound in the Europe. And what does that do to us, that actually causes our dollar denominated assets to increase, which have lower fees versus products in Europe and Asia and especially in the emerging markets. Now bear in mind, over that time period, there really were no meaningful fee cuts to speak of, but obviously we did launch the core in the fall of 2012. Last year, just to true-up that chart, the fee rate declined about 1 basis point despite another year of positive organic fee growth in a tough market and I think we have talked a lot about that where the trends were generally the same. But if you look back whether it was, we really generated organic base fee growth of 6% in 2013, in 2014, and 2015; and while it dipped 1% last year we generated 5% organic base fee growth in the first quarter and that's even with the fee cuts that we have announced both in fixed income and iShares. So I think the bottom line really is divergent beta and FX in many cases, which is re-pricing in some respects $5 trillion of assets everyday, but I also think that we are as Larry mentioned we really feel that we are as well positioned as we have ever been to grow not only assets but also base fees in a variety of markets and really differentiate ourselves in terms of organic growth through a variety of market cycles.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi.
Bill Katz: Okay. Good morning and thank you so much for taking the question this morning. Just coming back to the dynamics of fee rates for a moment I think in that same article that reiterated likelihood that fee rates will continue to work lower in the industry which I think is pretty widely understood now. So my questions is when you start thinking about the conversations you are having with the retail distributors at the point of, around point of sale economics what's happening with that dialog because the way I see is that that's sort of like a fixed rate somewhere 5-10 basis points and as I imagine fee rate continues to work lower than economic margin are under a lot of strain in my view and is technology the answer how do you sort of explain to that plays out?
Laurence Fink: I mean, look Bill I think fee rates going down, I think as a reality of what's happening some of that is mix shift some of that is changing regulation in terms of distribution. Some of that will ultimately, will all accrue to the benefits of the end client. I think ultimately this comes down to our ability to generate sustainable alpha I think if we can generate sustainable alpha in a way that in some ways kind of captures three to four time the fee overtime I think will be fine. If we are in a period of significantly lower returns and lower sustainable alpha then obviously I think the fee rates are going to have to come down accordingly.
Gary Shedlin: So let me just add to that. One of the things that is happening is that the financial advisers are looking for lower cost products. So first there was shift and they need to go to a firm that has a wide range of products both active and passive and then secondly they need to look where they can find best value at the best price. Both of those really bode well for BlackRock and that is why Larry used the words in his brief deliberate and strategic investments that we are making. So we are making those investments in those core types of products that we know the financial advisers will need to be able to do the appropriate asset allocation they need at the best value and the best price. So that shift is actually moving in our direction.
Laurence Fink: Let me just put it into a different context to, I think this is missing in the narrative. There is a greater believe that long term return are structurally lower than they were 10 and 20 years ago. So if you have an expected long term return of let’s say 6% which many people think there might be high when you look at balance portfolio? Fees take up a lot of that return. And as long as we believe the world is going to be in a low return environment our clients are under a lot of pressure. And clients are looking for different ways of seeking those outcomes. And this is why I actually believe why more clients are coming to us now because they have the structural problem. Their liability or their actuarial needs are greater than they can earn with our asset base and so they are looking at them or they are looking to have less expensive product but they are looking for a much more holistic solution and I think the era where a manager sold a product a sole product that is what's being threatened today. And as Rob just said we are in a great position with our clients to try to help them with these really difficult issues we have had a couple of state funds announced that they are lowering their actuarial rates that's very hard to do if a state fund lowers their actuarial rate that means they have to go to their union and say pay more that means they have to go to state and say contribute more. And so, this is one of the real issues that I think is being lost it's being so when you talk about or when we talk about fee pressure fee pressure comes from the real issue of lower expected returns and I think this is one of the big issues around hedge funds and why we are constantly reading about some hedge funds closing some hedge funds are lowering their fees because the fee structures are just too large versus the returns on a risk adjusted basis that they are achieving so this is a broad based issue. It's not just in the wealth management area. It's across spectrum of clients. I know I am belaboring this point but I think it's a very important point but this is the environment we all live in. and I think this is the environment that really positions BlackRock in a very differentiated way. So we understand this problem we are dealing with this issue and we are taking advantage of it. I believe it that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Hi there. How are you doing? Yes, I guess many of questions, just on you mentioned in the past and more recently some investments on like the tech side, artificial intelligence new machine learning and just wanted to get a sense like when we think about that opportunity you are looking at it more like from a product, from the active teams using those as tools being able to help clients out is it a cost initiative. Just wanted to get some granularity on where do you see kind of the opportunities around some of these investments?
Laurence Fink: Let's be clear. Technology creates efficiency across everything so we look at technology not just for portfolio construction, portfolio management we are using it for clients connectivity we are using it for efficiencies within our platform. The technology advancements we made in Aladdin related to dealing with the custodial banks saves us large sums of money. So I want to talk about technology is changing every component of our firm. And I think this is one of the reasons why our margins have been consistently strong by the utilization of technology across all the spectrums. You ask specifically related to technology, related to investing because the advancement in technology, because utilization is centered technology, because the internet playing a role in everything and anything we do there is information that we could not search for four, five years ago, whether it is communication by employees about their firms and consumer sentiments about product and so by having the ability to deep dive on data interpreting that data through different algorithms and models hopefully we will be creating excess alpha so it creates product, creates product returns and so that's where we look at the greatest amount of advancements. We are also looking at computers and can computers be learning and adapting in markets. But that's something for the future. But importantly, technology today for data analysis, technology for very quick analysis of that data is going to be really the key component of driving I believe returns in active investing in the future. And I do believe because technology has created the efficiencies it creates more efficiencies across and we can pass on those efficiencies also to our clients and I think this is one thing that's being missed here we are, we talked about some of the fee cuts and yet we have an increase of 100 basis points in margins. So we look at technology as a great efficiency provider for investing for custodial assets, for communicating with our custodial clients, for communicating with our employees, for communicating with our clients. So it is the key element that is going to transform BlackRock and I would say every other financial services company. So technology is what is driving the scale at BlackRock and its driving hopefully better outcomes for and to our clients. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So Larry you spoke about building blocks to deliver outcomes and greater use of ETS to generate value. I guess just few thoughts here. One is how far do you see that trend going and I guess the second how do you think about the impact that this has on the value chain for the industry. In other words if this shift toward asset allocation continues and the move towards building blocks and assembling, how do you see the value shifting here and your ability to charge for manufacturing versus the ability to charge for distribution, your ability to charge for assembling and also the value of distribution here. Where is it most sensible and how do you think about evolving your positioning from here?
Robert Kapito: So it's Rob here. So fees are really just one aspect of the value proposition. And quite frankly after many years in the business I can't think of a better product to use for asset allocation than ETS. So one is it's going to be a toll where we are going to use it for precision type investments where you can action one specific area of the market in your portfolio, two is that you can actually make better judgments in the active equity space by using what we would call smart data ETS so that would be a bit of a derivative to it but focused on certain factors that you would want to have. Three is that, it's an obvious part of a multi-asset solution which is a growing area of the market where you would have just you need in order to get the returns that Larry is talking about in the low interest rate environment you need to focus on specific sectors of the market and ETS allow you to do that at the right value. And the third thing which I really like is in the fixed income area where the exposure to just one particular fixed income bond is not going to give you the type of return. It's just too much risk for the cost of that. So by using an ETS in that – in the asset allocation model in your fixed income portion you also are diversifying your risk substantially at a much lower cost. Also the world is moving more towards portfolio construction capabilities. This is going to be in what we are calling models that we are going to be offering. They offer much higher levels of risk management and here is where we can utilize our technology as a differentiator because we can actually deliver a multi-asset solution which has the right risk requirements for that particular clients. And we are building technology around that so you have heard us mention Aladdin portfolio builder were we are giving financial advisers the ability to take a multi-asset portfolio and put it together using our products, using other people's products to come up with the ultimate solution. We are using it in a product that we call iRetire where we are trying to help get in the middle of solving probably the largest problem facing our country and other today which is the lack of savings for retirements, getting those – getting that cash and sitting on the sidelines working for people those people that are going to retire and being able to illustrate to financial advisers and their clients better capabilities to achieve those result and then also expanding into model portfolios to the financial advisers and to our clients to use to solve their problems. So we have the technology on the outside and then on the inside we have precision instruments through the ETS business that can help our clients achieve their financial objectives.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Good morning. I just want to maybe talk about the announcement of re-positioning of the equities business in the U.S. and it gets more specifically the changes you announced if I believe, mainly to the U.S. business you didn't – I don't think made same kind of changes outside the U.S. Can you maybe talk a little bit about why you didn't think some of that re-position was maybe necessary outside the U.S. how that business or market maybe differs or different somewhat you are experiencing here and then maybe compare the two?
Gary Shedlin: Hey Rob, it’s Gary. I will just give a little bit of a quick overview and then Larry and Rob can jump in as they feel I mean I think ultimately we are looking at those efficiencies and development and maturity of markets and when we think here about the re-positioning it was – it really follows much more on the line of how we approached our product segmentation work with iShares a number of years ago at the end of the 2012. And in that case it was really trying to align who the particular buyers of a product were with the right fees and in this case it was really trying to align our ability to generate sustainable alpha in certain products with the fee potential and so if you think about segmenting the products between kind of core alpha and high conviction in some respect I think it's somewhat of an acknowledgment that in many parts of the U.S. large cap market in particular ability to really generate sustainable alpha and still charge premium fees in terms of very broad based portfolios that really tinker around indexes I don't want investors like index having per say but your ability to take risk and generate incremental return needs to be much more closely aligned with the fee potential and so it was reallocating in that we really try to align fee with the ability to generate a certain level of sustainable alpha. Outside of the U.S. market in lesser developed market less efficient markets more disperse and less correlation I think we still feel very strongly in places like Europe and Asia and certain emerging markets that frankly give ability to generate sustainable alpha can support higher fees and I think our performance has certainly show that overtime.
Laurence Fink: So let me jump in there. So this is not just a U.S. announcement that we made we are talking about our platform Rob and our platform is going forward believing that both human and technology is better than one or the other. So, in the platform that the portfolio managers are going to be using, going forward they are going to have the ability to tap in to both the data that we are getting from our technology, from our scientific activity equity groups and the fundamental groups because we believe that those people talking together using the data, using the signals that we are getting and the block and tackle fundamental approach together are better than either individually. So it is a platform change that we made it did have because of the reasons Gary cited more immediate attention on the U.S. but it's a platform change that we are making globally in our active investment business.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon: Good morning guys. Just a quick question on kind of Aladdin and the technology business as more clients adapt the platform at what point does the platform become too big or there has been articles out there about potentially introducing systemic risk into the system if “everybody is on your platform” that they are using the same technology that you guys are talking.
Laurence Fink: Well that's pretty complex question. So and I don't think there is a risk of it being too big. So let me try to deconstruct your question. Aladdin is more than just a risk management platform. It's an enterprise platform. So, there are many companies that provide enterprise platform for different companies whether it's Oracle or SAP or cloud computing so an enterprise system and that's what Aladdin really is because it's front middle and back office platform and a component of it is risk management. I think you are referring to the risk management component of it. It's a service model. We provide with different models each individual client can put their own algorithms on to Aladdin that are customized for them. So they can interpret the model. So it's not a platform that is monolithic with one model. And so the notion that the fact that many people use it that it becomes systemic is just not a point of understanding what the platform really is. I think by the client interest the opportunities we have the opportunities are as large as ever. And it is because of its enterprise solution and as we now have Aladdin provider working with the custodial banks ultimately it's going to simplify our trading, trade entry compliance working alongside with the custodial bank to create so much more efficiencies for the users across the Aladdin system. So if we could provide for Aladdin, for other clients this enterprise system that creates these efficiencies that make them in a better position we are all better off from it. So it's once again Aladdin is a service model it's not BlackRock's models. And so I think we are happy to give you a demo on Aladdin what it is and what it isn't.
Operator: Our final question comes from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question. On the active re-positioning and the charges taken there as well as the move of the custody asset, I am curious if all of these moves are really about helping pass those savings on to the client and absorb the fee cuts we are talking about or should we start to see some visible improvement to your operating results because of these moves?
Gary Shedlin: Well, Patrick it’s Gary. I’m hoping, you will see both I mean, as Rob said, part of the reposition, the active portfolio was basically changed to use scale to bring better outcomes to clients obviously in terms of better sustainable alpha at a more efficient price point for them. But the intent at the end of the day is to generate incremental growth for BlackRock shareholders by having a better value proposition in terms of price and performance that we think ultimately will drive better organic growth. In terms of some of the things you mentioned around just leveraging service providers in many cases, in certain instances our clients pay those fees in which case that will be a direct benefit to them and in certain cases as if in our ETF which is a unitary price structure BlackRock itself pays those fees. So our shareholders will clearly benefit so I think that in all cases we’re going to basically try to use our scale to drive growth that growth is ultimately better for both clients as well as shareholders and I think as you look at margin expansion over whether it’s just the last year-over-year or 100 basis points or frankly even since we closed the BGI deal at the end of 2009 and margins are probably up 400 to 500 plus basis points since then. And I think there is no question that we’re using our scale to generate better outcomes for both clients and shareholders. If it’s good for the client at the end of the day we strongly believe it’s going to be good for the BlackRock shareholder.
Operator: Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks.
Laurence Fink: Yes, thank you for all joining us this morning and for your continued interest in our firm. Our first quarter results once again highlights the investments we made to enhance a differentiation at BlackRock’s diverse global platform. We continue to take a long term view and stay ahead of, and navigating near term developments in the financial and economic landscape on behalf of our clients and importantly on behalf of our shareholders for that. Have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-13 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and CEO Gary S. Shedlin - CFO Robert S. Kapito - President Christopher J. Meade - General Counsel
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Bill Katz - Citi Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Robert Lee - KBW Patrick Davitt - Autonomous Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Michael Carrier - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President; Robert S. Kapito, and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty, and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll turn it over to Gary.
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and happy New Year to everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I’ll review our financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses, both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on as adjusted results. The differentiation and strength of BlackRock’s diverse global investment and technology platform allowed us to continue to invest for growth during 2016 despite market volatility and macro-political uncertainty during the year. We saw strong results in our iShares, institutional and technology businesses and remain committed to investing in a variety of strategic initiatives that will further enhance our client proposition and generate long-term value for shareholders. Against a challenging backdrop for the asset management industry, BlackRock once again executed on each components of our framework for shareholder value creation. BlackRock generated $202 billion of total net inflows in 2016, the strongest flows in our history including nearly $100 billion in the fourth quarter. We expanded our full year operating margin by 80 basis points to 43.7%. Finally, after investing for growth, we returned approximately $2.7 billion of capital to shareholders during the year. In the fourth quarter, BlackRock generated operating income of $1.2 billion and earnings per share of $5.14, both up 8% from a year ago. Full year operating income of $4.7 billion was flat versus a year ago while earnings per share of $19.29 was down 2%, reflecting lower non-operating income and a higher tax rate in 2016. Non-operating results for the quarter included $6 million of net investment gains. Recall that non-operating results in last year’s fourth quarter included $35 million unrealized gain on a strategic private equity investment. Our as adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 28.6%, reflecting the impact of several non-recurring items compared to a rate of 30% a year ago. We continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax run rate for 2017, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring or discrete items and potential tax reform. In an environment where growth in the asset management industry has been elusive, BlackRock’s diverse global platform is thriving, delivering outcomes for our clients and differentiated organic growth for our shareholders. BlackRock’s fourth quarter total net inflows of $98 billion included $88 billion of long-term net inflows, representing an annualized organic asset growth rate of 7%, $18 billion of flows into our cash management business and $7 billion of advisory outflows related to crisis era portfolio liquidation assignments. For the full year 2016, BlackRock generated record total net inflows of $202 billion including long-term net inflows of $181 billion, representing a 4% long-term organic growth rate. Fourth quarter base fees of $2.5 billion were up 1% year-over-year, driven by higher average AUM but offset by the impact of divergent beta, FX, and mix shift. For the full year, base fees were effectively flat. On a constant currency basis, base fees were up 3% versus last year’s fourth and 2% for the full year 2016. Sequentially, base fees were down 2% as the negative impact of fixed income data, divergent equity beta and continued DoLlar appreciation more than offset organic fee growth in the period. While we delivered robust organic asset growth during the year, our blended fee rate has been impacted by a number of factors that we have repeatedly discussed with you, including divergent equity beta and DoLlar appreciation as well as recent client preferences for lower risk asset classes and index over active strategies. However, while these headwinds are pervasive in our industry, our broad based solutions focused investment platform is built to meet client preferences in any environment, whether risk on or risk off, and we remain confident that BlackRock can consistently grow client assets and base fees, both of which ended 2016 at record highs. Fourth quarter performance fees of a $129 million were driven by our single strategy hedge fund and long-only equity products. Full year performance fees of $295 million decreased 52% from 2015, reflecting a challenging year for the hedge fund industry. BlackRock Solutions fourth quarter revenue of $197 million was up 15% year-over-year and 13% sequentially. Full year Aladdin revenue of $594 million, which represented 83% of BlackRock Solutions revenue, was 13% year-over-year driven by a number of sizeable clients going live on the Aladdin platform in 2016. Aladdin is coming off a record year in terms of new client revenue and continues to benefit from strong market demand from both institutional asset managers as well as retail intermediaries. We’ve seen particularly high levels of demand for our newest product, Aladdin Risk for Wealth Management in a current regulatory environment and are actively implementing for clients in the United States, Europe and Asia. Total expense declined 3% in 2016, reflecting lower compensation expense and continued G&A expense discipline. For the full year, compensation expense decreased $122 million or 3%, reflecting lower incentive compensation, primarily driven by lower performance fees. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant because we determine compensation on a full year basis. Fourth quarter G&A expense decreased $55 million year-over-year or 13%, reflecting lower marketing and promotional spend in the current quarter and $23 million of deal related expense associated with strategic transactions executed in the year ago quarter. Sequentially, fourth quarter G&A expense increased $43 million, primarily reflected a planned uptick in the year-end marketing and promotional spend, and higher foreign exchange remeasurement expense. Full year G&A expense of $1.3 billion was 6% below 2015 levels, despite the impact of acquisitions on our run rate, reflecting expense awareness in the volatile market environment. Assuming stable markets, we would expect a modestly higher level of G&A expense in 2017. Despite an overall decline in 2016 revenues driven by a reduction in performance fees, we delivered 4% organic asset growth over the last 12 months and expanded our as adjusted operating margin to 43.7% for the year. While we remain committed to realizing the benefits of our scale for clients and shareholders alike, we do not manage the business to a specific margin target either quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. We do remain keenly focused on striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and practical discretionary expense management. During 2016, we returned approximately $2.7 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. As we enter 2017, we remain committed to a predictable and balanced approach to capital management. Consistent with this, our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $2.50 a share, representing an increase of 9% over the prior level. Since instituting our dividend in 2003, BlackRock has grown its annual dividend per share at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 21%. We repurchased approximately $1.1 billion of shares in 2016 and now have repurchased over 13 million shares during the last four years, resulting in a 13% unlevered compounded annual return for our shareholders. We remain committed to returning excess cash flow to shareholders and anticipate a similar annual level of share repurchases in 2017. However, such amounts could vary based on potential changes to the relative valuation of our stock price. In connection with this ongoing commitment, our Board has authorized an additional 6 million shares under our existing share repurchase program, giving us authorization to repurchase a total of 9 million shares including 3 million shares which are remaining under our prior program, announced in January 2015. Our 2016 financial results reflected benefits of our differentiated global business model. Record full year total net inflows of $202 billion including nearly $100 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter were diversified across asset classes and benefitted from significant flows into iShares as both institutional and retail clients use ETFs for core investments, precision exposures and financial instruments. Global iShares generated $49 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter and a record $140 billion for the year, representing full year organic growth of 13%. Fourth quarter equity iShares inflows of $51 billion were driven by demand for U.S. market exposures as equity markets rallied following the U.S. elections. Notwithstanding flat fourth quarter fixed income iShares flows, which were impacted by the significant move in long-term yields during the quarter, we continue to see an acceleration in the adoption of fixed income ETFs. Full year 2016’s fixed income iShares in flows of $60 billion represented an organic growth rate of 24%. BlackRock’s institutional franchise saw record long-term net inflows of $41 billion for the quarter and $51 billion for the year, positive across active and index strategies for both periods. Quarterly institutional active inflows of $6 billion were led by fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives as clients utilized BlackRock’s broad range of investment strategies and customized solutions to achieve their investment goals. Institutional index inflows of $35 billion in the fourth quarter were driven by fixed income inflows of $26 billion which reflected solutions based LDI activity, primarily in Europe. We also ended 2016 with another strong fundraising quarter for illiquid alternatives, raising more than $1 billion in new commitments. Over the last four years, we’ve raised more than $22 billion in commitments for our fund of funds, real estate, infrastructure, opportunistic credit, and all solutions businesses and have nearly $11 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients. Blackrock’s global retail franchise saw fourth quarter outflows $2 billion and full year outflows of $11 billion, reflecting continued performance challenges in the active mutual fund industry as well as macro, political and regulatory uncertainty. Finally, BlackRock’s cash business generated $18 billion and $29 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter and full year, respectively. Investments we’ve made to expand the scale of our cash management offerings drove strong flows in 2016 and we’re well-positioned for additional demand and market share gains in the coming year. In the summary, in a year marked by periods of market volatility, divergent beta and significant currency movements, our diversified business model once again delivered industry-leading organic growth and consistent financial results that allowed us to continue investing for the future. We are committed to continuously evolving our platform as our clients’ needs change and believe our platform is well-positioned as it’s ever been to meet those needs and to deliver long term value for our shareholders. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thanks Gary. Happy New Year, everyone, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. In the year dominated by extraordinary macro and geopolitical uncertainty, BlackRock continues to earn our clients’ trust by delivering strong results. BlackRock’s fourth quarter and 2016 results reflect the benefits of continuously investing in our business to better serve our clients. We’re building out our investment teams and resources, we’re expanding our technology footprint and we’re evolving our risk management capabilities as we continue to anticipate change in the world, in our economies and most importantly, in our industry. As a result, more and more investors are turning to BlackRock to design, to deliver investment solutions that will help them achieve their long term financial goals. 2016 was a turbulent year for investors, whether institutions or individual investors, one that no one fully predicted. Global political events like Brexit, the U.S. political -- U.S. presidential election and the Italian referendum have forced many of our clients and also our self to rethink our assumptions and our perceptions of the world. Even with some political surprises, the global economy began to show signs of optimism throughout 2016. The U.S. equity market surged to all-time high as expectations for fiscal stimulus, reflation, and tax and regulatory reform has sparked investor optimism and enthusiasm. The Fed’s decision to raise rates in December and the signal of additional hikes in 2017 suggest that the long period of accommodative monitory policy in the U.S. may finally subside at a faster rate that many have had anticipated. However, uncertainty and the wave of populism upending the political status quo persist. And despite the rally in U.S. for domestic equities since we’ve had our U.S. election, many of our investors are seeing a very different performance in their other markets. As Gary suggested, we see negative fixed income markets. We see underperforming international equities and a very strong DoLlar, which means for the DoLlar based investors with broad global asset allocation such as pension funds, the fourth quarter was more challenging than the market perception. We don’t know exactly how the next two years will unfold but we do know that in a challenging and changing environment, investors will look to BlackRock more than ever before. And our responsibility that we feel for our clients has never been greater. Throughout our history, BlackRock has always been focused on thinking ahead of our clients and repositioning our firm in advance of those perceived changes. Our results this year in a difficult environment for asset managers reflect the benefits of our deeper relationships that we’ve built with our clients worldwide in areas where we’ve invested in our business over time. As Gary said, BlackRock saw total net inflows of $202 billion for the full year of 2016, including nearly a $100 billion in our fourth quarter. We generated record annual institutional and iShares flow of $51 billion institutionally and $140 billion in iShares. We actually grew net assets in 15 countries greater than $1 billion. We had more than 53 products in retail and iShares that generated more than $1 billion in net inflows. I think those two statistics alone identify the breadth of our platform. In 2016, the BlackRock Investment Institute reached more clients, regulators and policy makers than ever before, providing a forum for deep, timely and relevant dialog on all macro issues. The institute hosted calls after Brexit and the U.S. election, each time reaching nearly 5,000 external participants. This type of engagement has created tremendous value for our clients and built a deeper and more direct relationship with our clients. We acquired BGI and iShares franchise more than six years ago when iShares had $385 billion in AUM. Since then, we invested in the future of ETFs, building the market, expanding its presence, building a fixed income presence, a global presence, building products in anticipation of change of demand, whether its factors or smart beta and launched innovative news. We’ve grown our iShares AUM now to $1.3 trillion as more clients than ever before are using ETFs for transparent, liquid and efficient exposures, and we will continue and very aggressively in the growth and evolution of this market. iShares generated $49 billion of net inflows in the fourth quarter and a record $140 billion in inflows for the full year, earning the number one market share of global U.S., European equities and fixed income ETF flows for 2016. ETFs are being used by a diversified, growing set of institutional and retail clients. We are experiencing -- as I’ve said in many of these conferences that we’re seeing more and more investors using ETFs actively, not just for a passive exposure but using them actively to try to get exposures where they think those exposures will outperform. We believe that will continue to be a great, great growth area for these products. And importantly, the expansion -- the diversification of the ETF ecosystem is creating a deeper, more dynamic market for ETF trading; it is also enhancing liquidity for all investors worldwide. In 2016, we made a strategic investment in our U.S. core franchise to deliver the highest quality product at the best value to our clients at a time when they needed it most. We received very positive feedback from our clients on this move and iShares gathered $29 billion of flows in our global core products in this quarter alone. We also continue to invest in fixed income ETFs. BlackRock has long seen the value in fixed income ETFs and has invested for years in building this market, even as many of our industry -- many of our industry question this opportunity. 2016, the fixed income ETF industry reached a milestone, crossing $600 billion in assets with BlackRock’s managing a large component of that. During heightened market movements after the U.S. election, trading volumes in the U.S. fixed income ETFs surged to the highest level of the year. Fixed income ETFs or iShares once again performed under stress in line with what our clients expected when they bought iShares, offering investors substantial on exchange liquidity. Fixed income ETFs remain a strategic priority and a significant growth opportunity for BlackRock and our clients. Smart beta ETFs are another area of strategic investment for Black Rock where we are the number one player in AUM, growing at a 37% organic growth rate in 2016. We all know that in 2016 we saw a retail investor shipping away from traditional active funds, with the U.S. active equity mutual fund industry experiencing $280 billion of outflows, representing the industry’s worst year on record. And we at BlackRock experienced some of the same headwinds across our traditional active mutual funds. But because the way we’re positioned, because how we’re trying to help our clients by having both passive and active, we’re working with the clients as they navigate the need between active and passive. I believe investors are going to continue to rethink their approach to active benefit; they may now move more towards factor-based strategies; they may have asset allocation or portfolio construction, but I do believe, we’re going to continue to see a drive using ETFs for active returns. We’ve been purposely investing in our platform to provide our clients with a full spectrum of offerings and to enhance alpha generating active strategies. We ended this quarter with 88% of our taxable fixed income, 91% of our scientific active equity, and 65% of our fundamental active equity assets above benchmark, or peer median for the five-year period. We’re confident that our top performing franchise like Asian Equities and our unconstrained fixed income, which are proven to thrive in a rising rate environment, are well-positioned for 2017. Factor-based investing helps bridge the gap between active and index, and it’s been an area of significant focus for BlackRock and our clients in 2016. BlackRock manages over a $150 billion in factor-based strategies including smart beta ETFs and our factor-based AUM grew at an organic growth rate in 2016 of 17%. We have a responsibility to provide our clients with the ability to focus on environmental and social issues, while simultaneously generating strong financial returns. We launched BlackRock’s sustainable investing platform a year ago and have since built a range of equity and fixed income strategies that target positive environmental and social impact. We have frequently advocated for the benefits of infrastructure investing. And within the U.S. alone, markets are anticipating up to $1 trillion of domestic infrastructure investments over the next few years. And we all know, we desperately need those investments. BlackRock has built infrastructure and broader real estate platforms, both organically and inorganically over time, and we currently manage $29 billion in real asset AUM. We invested in our global cash management business in anticipation of regulatory reform and a rising rate environment. BlackRock is now positioned as a skilled player with the broadest range of solutions. At a time when we anticipated an uptick in demand, we saw $18 billion of flows in our fourth quarter alone, and now we have a cash management business that’s over $400 billion. Over the past year, we have spoken to the increasing depth and quality of the solution orientation and solution oriented conversations that BlackRock is having with our institutional clients in face of this global uncertainty. Even as these clients pause to assess the changing investment landscape, growth in 2016 was driven particularly by our financial institution business, as insurance clients looked to BlackRock for highly customized portfolio. Our institutional business saw a record fourth quarter and full year net inflows, cross both active and passive. We have the right pieces on our platform but the key to designing and delivering a robust solution that targets specific outcomes for our clients is technology, which has always been at BlackRock’s core. We see strong and growing demand for BlackRock’s technology offerings. More and more asset managers, asset owners, banks, wealth managers, insurance companies are valuing the differentiating ability of our Aladdin platform and other technology offerings at BlackRock to help them achieve their goals. We’re constantly enhancing our existing technology as well as coming up with new ways to use Aladdin to serve our clients. In 2016, we launched our Aladdin Risk for Wealth platform which empowers wealth managers’ home offices to better understand risk. We also introduced Aladdin Portfolio Builder which provides financial advisors with highly intuitive portfolio construction tools. We continue to see robust client interest in FutureAdvisor and iRetire offerings. We also recently announced a minority investment and partnership with iCapital, the leading technology enabled illiquid alternatives distribution platform for retail investors. In addition to technology, our people enable us to differentiate ourselves for our clients. Every year together with our Board of Directors, we take a fresh look at our organization which includes developing talent and positioning our leaders in role that can broaden their experiences and maximize their potential for BlackRock and our clients. 2016, we unified our active equity platform. We unified our beta platform and we globalized our fixed income platform, all of which will help us benefit from the potential -- full potential of our global investment scale. At the same time, they create more tailored client experience in each geography where we operate. We strengthened our regional management of our clients and marketing activities in line with our commitment to be global with a local identity and a local footprint. It is the quality and dedication of our teams across the globe that positions us well for 2017. There are reasons that we have forged such trusting and trusted relationships with our clients and why our clients turn to BlackRock to solve the biggest financial challenges. I’m really proud of the depth of the talent of the firm and leadership we have today. We’ve never had a more talented group of men and women than we have today, and we’ve the finest leadership in the history of the firm today. BlackRock has been adept at repositioning our investment platform and technology capabilities in advance of change. I promise you, we’ll continue to be in front of those needs and we’ll continue to change with the needs of our clients. As paradigm shift, we’ll have an even greater responsibility to help our clients navigate the markets and plan for their retirements. We’ve a responsibility to continue to invest in broadening and deepening our investment platform. We have a responsibility to be a thought and opinion leader worldwide, globally and locally to every one of our clients. And throughout BlackRock’s history, we have demonstrated the ability to invest in our business for growth like no other firm while expanding our margins, raising our dividend rates and prudently returning capital to our shareholders. As we enter 2017, we will continue to make investments in BlackRock’s future to grow our technology footprint, to expand our investment capabilities and to further enhance our talent level, all to meet our daily responsibility to every client whether that client has awarded us a $1,000 or if that client awarded us $10 billion, we have a responsibility to every client. And we are building a firm to meet those responsibilities every day.  With that, let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to see if you could provide an update on U.S. retail product demand trends including iShares as brokers modernize their business models for implementation of the U.S. DOL rule?
Laurence D. Fink: Yes. We’re being very responsive to potential changes that the DOL announced, recognize that different distribution firm have decided to go in various different ways to respond to the DOL changes. So, you’re going to see from some of them a shift from brokerage to advisory accounts; you’re going to see some of the index funds grow, particularly the ETFs. So, there is going to be an increased focus on the performance there and of course the cost. And also, what we’re responding to is a growth in portfolio construction services and the need for greater sophistication and scalable technologies where we are responding with tools like Aladdin wealth. So, many of this is going to be model driven. We’re responding by making sure that we are priced correctly in the products that we’re offering, so that we will be included in the models at the appropriate price, that we’re also providing the technology for those institutions that need model driven solutions, and we’re also utilizing a lot of the analytics we have to help those firms. So, it’s products; it’s appropriate pricing; it’s technology; and it’s portfolio solutions. And depending upon the distribution center, we’re focusing on the appropriate ones for each one of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Good morning, everyone. Thank you very much for taking the question. I ask this quite a bit, but I’m going to ask it again anyway. I guess if I look at the quarter, tremendous flows, little bit of a fee give-up, some of it mix, some of it macro, very good margins underneath that; appreciate your guidance on M&A obviously and G&A. As you look at the 2017, how do you think about that interplay between fee rates and margins assuming the markets are relatively consistent and not a lot of volatility in currency, which I know is asking [ph] a lot but just trying to get an understanding of the volume versus margin dynamic for the Company, looking ahead.
Laurence D. Fink: Let me go over some of the headwind issues that we all faced and we can get into the specifics. I think we have to understand the context of 2016. First and foremost, the last quarter of 2015, obviously the equity markets fell; we had equity markets down 12% of one time in the first quarter. And so, we had huge headwinds in the first half of the year. The other big headwind that we had all year and actually accelerated in the fourth quarter was the strength of the DoLlar. And so, those are two of the big macro issues that we had to face. One of the great statistics that I think about going forward into next year, our average assets in 2016 were up 2%, our spot close is up 11%, and that just gives you a color of some of the issues that we had. And I think that’s a big macro context of thinking about how you should think about our business. Obviously I am going to have Gary go into the specificity of the fee rates, but I would just say from the top of the house, I think you said it pretty well because of the margin. I think scale is a driver that is so important how we look at it. When we look at lowering fees for market share opportunities for delivering the needs to our clients and having higher margins, this is how we think about doing this, working and focusing on the clients’ needs, doing what we think is best, building market share but also driving margin. But, let me have Gary go into the specificity of your question.
Gary S. Shedlin: Good morning, Bill and thanks for asking the question. So, look, let’s deal with them separately. I think in terms of fee rate, there is really four primary reasons that you’ve seen a decline in our fee rate, whether year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter or sequentially. First obviously is FX. We saw DoLlar appreciation, primarily versus the euro and the pound, roughly 4% on the euro, 16% against the pound during the year and that obviously relative to the stock of our business increases the relative weighting of our DoLlar denominated FX, which tends to have lower fees then our non-U.S. DoLlar denominated product. In many cases, you’re seeing a little bit of the same phenomenon in terms of equity beta. We’ve talked about divergent equity beta but this year in particular you saw various higher fee international markets, whether it be Europe, Asia X or Japan. Underperforming domestic U.S. markets; and as with the FX that also increases the relative weighting of our lower fee DoLlar denominated assets under management.  We saw mix shift. When we talked about mix shift, we really talk about that as a client preference issue. So, during 2016, we saw clients favoring index over active, we saw clients favoring fixed income over equity and multi-asset, and even within our cash business, we saw a huge preference for government over prime funds. And in each of those instances, you’re seeing changes in fee rates from what was traditionally higher fee product to at least in this year, lower fee product. And then finally, we actually took some of our own action in terms of price reductions with certain iShares core and fixed income that was later in the year, but again with that what I would call investment, we’ve been very clear that we think that would be accretive to shareholder value over time and I think as you heard, we’ve had strong progress today in terms of our core performance so far. So, in each of these cases, all of these items are going to impact fee rates over time, but I think the key issue is, those set of circumstances, whether they are market driven or client driven, will also change over time. And I think the key issue for BlackRock is that we have a broad-based enough platform to be able to meet client preferences in any market and to basically deliver solutions base and outcomes to them that basically makes sense. So, that’s the fee rate piece of it. In terms of margins, I think what I would say as we think about margins, I’ll give the standard statement that we don’t manage to a margin target, I think you’ve all heard that long enough but I think that in a year where we obviously saw a difference, i.e. 4% asset growth versus less organic base fee growth, I think we were able to demonstrate that we can basically mange the business in that environment and in fact notwithstanding an overall decline in our revenues which was fundamentally driven by performance fees, we were still able to deliver not only 80 basis points of margin improvement but record flows during the year. So, again that interplay between revenue growth and margin, I think we’re pretty well-established in terms of our ability to operate in most environments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: So, to continue with the fee rate discussion, what has been the reaction to your announced lowering of fees on active products announced last quarter? And maybe, given the reaction, what are your thoughts about broadening or expanding that investment to other asset classes and other products?
Laurence D. Fink: So, the response actually has been good. And without lowering the fees, we might not be included in some of the models that a lot of the clients are now using and distribution centers are using. But what’s important to us is not only performance as one of the levers that we look to go out and use to get clients to buy our products but also our competitive position and where we stand in price and most of our mutual funds have boards that we also have to respond to as well. So, since we made the changes, four of our funds have been upgraded by Morningstar, three of the government funds and one of the high yield funds, and they’ve all now become middle [ph] rated. And so that’s important to us, so that they are included in a lot of what our distribution forces can sell and how they’re evaluated. So, beyond performance, we also want to strive to be in at least the top quartile of expenses. And of course in a very low rate environment that also helps to drive performance. So, the response has been very good by those that evaluate us, the response has been good by the distribution centers, and the response has been shown in creating and getting more assets. So, over time, we’re going to be responsive to the competitive environment to make sure that we’re included in the sales of these and we expect that sales will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Just getting back to G&A, it looks like it’s down about 8% year-on-year, if you back out the one-time deal costs from a year ago. So, just can you talk to what’s driving that reduction in G&A, how much of that relates to tech projects rolling off versus say more sustainable cost reduction? And then just as you think about G&A over the next couple of years, what level do you think is sustainable to or required to your sustainable 5% organic growth?
Gary S. Shedlin: So, this year, I think obviously the G&A delta was as we talked about, there was some non-recurring items that basically were tied to our M&A activity last year, which rolled off. And frankly, this year, the big -- I would say the big delta as you think about G&A, obviously the biggest manageable component of that is our marketing budget. And I think that one is one that we tried to manage appropriately in a year where we’re seeing lots of clients delay their investment allocation decisions with a lot of volatility. We’ll be obviously looking at that pretty carefully in the context of the current environment as we get into this year. We also, as you probably noticed, just also hired a new Chief Marketing Officer, Frank Cooper who will be taking his own look at our marketing and our spending strategies that we’ll clearly be taking a careful look at. There is also some other items that I think you have to be vary worry [ph] of where FX gets in the way [ph] and also G&A impacts training, I think it has recruiting, it has a bunch of things that are obviously tied to broader growth objectives as we grow the Company. We kept our headcount pretty flat last year and that was even after our first quarter reduction that we talked about. I think Larry communicated that we needed to be in growth mode during the year and we were. So, I think frankly, the big drivers of G&A spend going forward will clearly be our ability to right size our marketing budget in the context of the current environment and will be tied obviously to our desire to grow headcount as we see opportunities for growth going forward. The final item is obviously leveraging our scale. So, there is technology, there is real estate, some of -- is more step function as opposed to overall growth. And I think that will be important to keep in mind. I think those are really the big issues. I think that this year was clearly in the context of the environment, a lower year for us, and we would expect numbers to me modestly higher from the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Please go ahead.
Robert Lee: I was curious with the capital management and your dividend increase, and maybe the signal from that, and maybe year ago you increased the dividend 5% and as you mentioned, it was coming off of a tougher fourth quarter 2015 and a rough start to 2016, this year it’s 9%, pick back up, just getting a sense of assuming we should read that to be the year certainly has an improved outlook for your earnings, your earnings profile over the coming year and next several years. I just want to get some color on that.
Gary S. Shedlin: I will jump in and then Larry can add on his views. Look, our predictable and balanced approach to capital management really has not changed. I think we remain first committed to investing in our business; we then try to target a dividend payout ratio of around 40% to 50% on a full year basis, that’s a target, that’s not a policy; and then, we effectively look to return any additional cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases. The total payout ratio is really an output of how we see opportunities for the next year; it’s not an input to our budgeting or financial planning process. And over the last few years, I think you’ve probably seen that our share repurchases broadly have been fairly constant, in terms of DoLlar amounts. Obviously as the share price has gone up, the number of shares that we’re purchasing is going down slightly. And we’ve been fairly consistent in trying to increase our dividend. So, this year, the dividend is obviously up 9% to $2.50 a share. We’ve obviously reloaded our share repurchase authorization and expect that next year’s share repurchases from a DoLlar perspective would be broadly consistent with what we did in 2015. And we think frankly that combination has been very effective for shareholders. The dividend has now gone up at a compounded annual rate of about 11% over the last five years. We’ve got 13 million shares repurchased; I think we mentioned about a 13% unlevered return, and I think that’s obviously good. And our share count is down roughly about 4% since we began this, and that’s after issuing shares for deferred compensation while at the same time reinvesting in the business and effectively delevering as EBITDA has grown relative to our constant amount of long-term debt. So, I think it’s a balance and I think we felt as we -- given the stability and diversification of our model and our ability to deliver more consistent and predictable results that we just support that dividend going into this year.
Laurence D. Fink: Robert, I think you framed the macro setting well. We went into last year with a pretty harsh market in the fourth quarter 2015 and first quarter 2016. We now are seeing more conservative dividend. As I said, our average assets are up 11% this year from a spot rate -- I mean spot rate assets are up 11% from average asset, up 2 during the year. And we’re following the same type of formula that as Gary suggested in terms of our dividend policy. I would say -- in absolute though, we wanted to show the enthusiasm to our shareholders of announcing a 9% dividend increase.
Gary S. Shedlin: And I will just end with this, which as I know all you guys have incredibly sophisticated earnings model, so I certainly would look to project your earnings per share based off the dividend that we basically declare each year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: On the comment you just made about institutional delay, is that backward looking or ongoing? And within that same, you obviously saw a big uptick in institutional index flows. Do you get the sense that that’s just institution kind of meeting equity exposure, rolling into index with the intention of maybe reallocating that to more active strategy at same point?
Laurence D. Fink: No, I don’t think there has been any -- as I said, we are seeing more institutions using index and the allocation to these various exposures as the active strategy. And I think this is one of the key characteristics of the market, is not taking into the full context. In terms of institutions, I think into the fourth -- we said in the third quarter, institutions are pausing. They put some money to work in the fourth quarter; they put a lot of money to work at BlackRock in the fourth quarter. We’re having deeper dialog with more institutions today than we ever had. The dialogs we’re having with some very large insurance companies, pension funds worldwide are very encouraging whether they act in the first quarter, the second quarter of 2017, we’ll see. But I do believe clients are reassessing their liabilities in the form of pension funds, clients are really looking at what their liability rates and the terms of insurance companies, they’re looking at their asset allocations accordingly now and how they’re going to do it, for insurance companies rise of interest rates, steepening of the yield curve is very positive and many insurance companies, I think we talked about early last year were short their liabilities, they were anticipating higher rates, and now with higher rates, some of them are putting some money to work. So, I don’t want to -- I think it’d be unfair to say that we’re going to expect these types of flows institutionally at BlackRock quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter but we do feel very good about our positioning and working with our global institutions. In terms of the asset allocation, we are having dialogs with some clients right now; we’re talking more about alternatives. Rob Kapito has had two conversations with two large states in the last week about a bigger allocation in alternatives. So, I don’t want to suggest there’s one macro trend and one way of looking at asset allocation but I can say we’re involved in a lot of very deep conversations. And I do believe the market is still misunderstanding how people are using passive strategies. They’re not just using it because they want to be indexed; they’re using passive strategies that are very liquid that they can navigate around markets to take active exposures.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Larry, last quarter, you talked -- we talked about the pace of Depart of Labor fiduciary rule implementation and advisor behavior. I think you mentioned that you did think it was going to be fairly rapid shift towards passive from active products within the retail channels. Has your view changed on that, post the Trump win, in terms of again I guess what are you hearing from your wholesalers on advisor behavior and then allocation and implementation right into the deadline? And maybe just longer term, what’s your view on how you think the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule might change with any kind of administrative changes?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, A, I don’t know how it’s going to change. Obviously, there is a lot of talk about it’ll be modified, some conversations about it, that’ll be totally eliminated. We believe the DoL rule has some very great components to it. I mean, as you know what we’ve spoken for years-and-years-and-years that we have done a very bad job in our country in helping people navigate to the outcome of retirement. And having better outcome oriented strategies whether we have a DoL or not is imperative or we’re going to have more and more people angry that they’re close to retirement with adequate pools of money to retire. That anger then does not go away. So, we believe the DoL rule has quite a bit of merit but I know as much as you do in terms of how that would change, if it’s going to change. Does it get totally eliminated? We’ll see. What we see in terms of behaviors, and this is the important thing. And Rob said it very well; we have not seen much change in behaviors from the large distribution platforms. As Rob suggested, they are moving from a brokerage relationship to advisor relationship. They are moving ahead with doing more model based structuring. In fact, we won a biggest -- we were a part of a big award in terms of how models are going to be created in terms of are they going to be using our products or not. So, in terms of behaviors, most firms are moving forward that some component, if not all of the components of DoL will be moving forward. We are very active in helping whether the DoL rule happens or not, more and more of the distribution houses are saying, we need better technology to help us navigate our clients’ relationships and their portfolios. And that is why Aladdin for Wealth is growing very rapidly and has a potential for even more substantial growth in the future. So, in terms of our relationships with most of our advisors, we are seeing very little in terms of behavior changes. Now, I am not here to tell you, on April 1st this year everything is going to change. Could it be elongated? Sure. But I do believe in most cases, most large advisory firms believe there is a -- this is a good thing for their clients and a good thing for them. And I believe we will see some form of DoL in the future but I know as good as you what this -- what specifically does that mean.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Carrier: Hi. How are you doing? I guess the question, another one on the institutional side. And I hear what you’re saying in terms of you saw a lot of money moving in index but there is demand for alternatives. Just I guess, there has been a lot of cash that’s been on sidelines for a while now. I mean, just trying to get a sense, and I know it’s one quarter but based on those discussions, are you starting to see more interest to put that money to work, and could this be a trend that we’re going to see follow-through over the next few years as institutions have more confidence, I mean if rates are rising and things are starting to move forward?
Laurence D. Fink: I think I said this earlier today on television, I think if you reflect back to the end of 2016, for those who have panicked the first quarter of 2016 and stayed underinvested or out of the market entirely, they’ve been hurt. If you think back to those investors who ran away from the market in 2008, 2009, they’ve been really hurt. We are working with all our clients to try to help them be more invested. So, let’s be clear, we believe it’s a mistake the amount of cash is sitting on the sidelines worldwide. The problem is clients say, I just missed the last 10% or 15%, maybe I should stay in the sidelines longer. Our job is to be helping our clients worldwide and helping them think about markets, thinking about exposures and helping them build an asset base to meet their liabilities. I don’t believe -- as you said, one quarter versus another is going to really determine whether we are seeing a renewed interest in putting the money to work; certainly in the fourth quarter we did. Our dialogs that we’re having worldwide indicate that we may see more money put to work. But I don’t want to forecast that. I’m always disappointed of how much money is sitting in the sideline. And I believe at the end of every year, we talk about this that we need to have more of our clients, more of our investors to focus on the outcome investing and not whether the market’s rich or cheap, because that gets caught up and getting in out of the market and therefore missing big market movements, and this is a big issue. I believe this is one of the reasons why we’re having deeper dialog with our clients because we are talking about outcomes, we’re not talking about a specific product; we’re not talking active or passive. We’re allowing our clients to make those decisions, whether they should have a bigger allocation and passive or active. We’re making our clients determine whether they should be in high yield or unconstrained bond plan. We’re allowing our clients to work on how to navigate; we’ll give them input about what we think. But I do believe the fourth quarter of 2016 positioned us well because of how we’re constantly, repeatingly talking about solution-based relationship.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink: Let me just add on to what I just said. So, we believe that 2016 results again highlighted our benefits of BlackRock’s differentiated investment position, our technology positioning, our risk management platform and positioning, and the impact of our investments we made over the last five years are the biggest growth products at BlackRock. And so, when I reflect on our 2016, it is about those investments we made 2, 3, 4 years ago that is really now creating the volume of growth that we have. It is the scale of our operation, the global footprint of our operation that has given us broader, deeper conversations with more clients throughout the world and we’ll continue to drive deeper and broader conversations with our client in 2017. Our stable financial results allow us to continue to pursue that long-term view. Investing in these future growth areas is when you adapt to stay ahead of our clients, and that’s key. Staying ahead of our clients’ needs is imperative. Not responding to the question; if we’re responding to the question at the moment and we are not prepared, that question will be answered somewhere else. So, I believe it is that philosophy that is carrying BlackRock, that is differentiating BlackRock, and I think it is that positioning that is going to build momentum into 2017. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and having continued interest in BlackRock. And let’s have a good year.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Meade - General Counsel Gary Shedlin - CFO Laurence Fink - Chairman and CEO Robert Kapito - President
Analysts: Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Dan Fannon - Jefferies Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI Bill Katz - Citi Brennan Hawken - UBS Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Michael Carrier - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carmen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Incorporated Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President; Robert S. Kapito, and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty, and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Thanks Chris and good morning everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the third quarter of 2016. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. Our clients are facing significant challenges driven by increased regulation, market volatility, record low interest rates and disruptive technology and that's a result the asset management industry is changing rapidly. During these times as we've done in the past, we reexamined our strategic priorities and evolved our business model with the goal of better serving the needs of our clients and optimizing organic growth in the most efficient way possible for our shareholders. Financial results for the third quarter of 2016 demonstrate the diversification and stability of our global investment and technology platform and our commitment to investing for the future. We executed on each of the three components of our framework for shareholder value creation in this quarter delivering organic growth, demonstrating operating leverage and systematically returning capital to our shareholders. Third quarter revenue of $2.8 billion was 3% lower than a year ago. However on a constant currency basis, we estimate that quarterly revenue was down approximately 1% year-over-year. Operating income of $1.2 billion declined 1% while earnings per share of $5.14 increased 3% versus the prior year quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $29 million of net investment gains, primarily attributable to net gain on un-hedged or partially hedged multi-asset and fixed income seed investments. Our as adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 29.7% reflecting the impact of several nonrecurring items. We continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax run rate for the fourth quarter of 2016, though the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of nonrecurring items that could arise in the future. BlackRock generated $55 billion of long-term net inflows in the third quarter, representing an annualized organic growth rate of 5%. Flows were positive in our active and index franchises and across asset classes and regions increasing the value of our broad-based diversified business model. Third quarter base fees of $2.5 billion were up 4% year-over-year driven primarily by organic growth, positive beta and higher securities lending revenue which was positively impacted by widening asset spreads resulting from a rise in short-term interest rates. Sequentially base fees were up 2%. While we continue to deliver strong growth, base fee growth has recently lagged growth and average assets under management as client appetite and portfolio construction decisions impact our business mix. In the current environment, client mixed shift has favored index over active, fixed income and cash over equities and government funds over prime funds in the money market space. While mix change amongst and within asset classes won't impact our blended fee rate over time, we remain confident that our diverse business model is capable of generating differentiated organic growth in a variety of market environments and our scale enables us to prudently manage expense and defend our operating margin. Performance fees of $58 million declined 72% versus a year ago, driven by our single strategy hedge fund platform. Recall that performance fees in last year's third quarter benefited from a single European hedge fund that delivered exceptional full-year performance. BlackRock solutions revenue of $174 million increased 4% year-over-year and 1% sequentially. Our Aladdin business, which represented 87% of BRS revenue in the quarter up from 81% a year ago, grew to 13% year-over-year, driven by new clients and several sizable clients going live on the Aladdin platform over the last year. Strong market demand for Aladdin continues from institutional asset managers as well as retail intermediaries who are seeking sophisticated risk analytics and portfolio construction tools to better serve their wealth management clients in the current regulatory environment. Other revenue was down $16 million year-over-year, primarily related to lower transition management active in the current quarter. Total expense decreased 4% year-over-year and was flat sequentially, driven primarily by lower compensation expense. Employee compensation expense was down $56 million or 6% year-over-year, reflecting lower incentive compensation, primarily driven by lower performance fees versus a year ago. G&A expense decreased $7 million or 2% from a year ago and $4 million or 1% sequentially as we continue to exercise discipline over our discretionary spend in the current environment. At present we anticipate fourth quarter G&A expense to be moderately lower than last year's normalized levels after adjusting for $23 million of quarterly deal related costs incurred a year ago. Finally, distribution and servicing costs decreased 12% year-over-year and 5% sequentially, primarily related to the acquisition of BoA Global Capital Management in April of this year. Despite an overall decline in year-over-year revenues driven by a reduction in performance fees, we have delivered 3.5% organic growth over the last 12 months and expanded our as adjusted operating margin versus a year ago, evidencing our continued commitment to strike an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and practical discretionary expense management. In line with that commitment earlier this month, we reviewed prices on 15 U.S. iShares for ETFs and several actively managed U.S. bond funds. We chose to use our scale and leadership position to invest on behalf of clients and financial advisors as they adapt to the DOL's new fiduciary rule. In isolation, these price reductions will result in an estimated $85 million annualized revenue reduction for BlackRock, representing less than 1% of our total base fees. However over the mid-to-long term, we expect this investment to be accretive to organic growth and additives to overall shareholder value. During the third quarter, we continue to return excess cash to shareholders and we purchased an additional $275 million worth of BlackRock shares BlackRock generated $70 billion of total net inflows in the third quarter, including $55 billion of long-term net inflows and $15 billion of cash management and cash management inflows. Cash management inflows demonstrate the breath of our platform and strength of our client relationships in the lead up to U.S. money market reform. Since the beginning of the year, our platform has experienced a remarkable shift from prime to government funds. BlackRock is now the second largest 2A7 money fund provider in the United States and our diverse capabilities across set accounts, collective trusts and short duration products, position as well for continued future growth. Global iShares generated $51 billion of net inflows during the quarter, representing 18% annualized organic growth. Over the last 12 months, iShares has now generated over $140 billion in net inflows represent 15% organic growth. iShares equity inflows of $26 million for the quarter were driven by flows into U.S. and emerging markets as investors once again trying to iShares precision exposures at their preferred vehicle to de-risk following the Brexit vote. Importantly, our ETF product segmentation strategy, which tailored products to different client segments, continues to perform well. As an example, largest institutional clients who value liquidity and often use derivative strategies grew $6 billion of quarterly flows into EEM, our flagship iShares emerging markets financial instrument. Longer term investors who may be retail or institutional, but are more price sensitive added nearly $3 billion into IENG our iShares core emerging markets ETFs. Quarterly iShares fixed income inflows of $23 billion reflected ongoing adoption of ETFs as a means of rapidly accessing and investing in fixed income markets worldwide. Demand was particularly achieved in investment grade corporates and emerging markets as investors continue to search for services and higher yield. Our institutional client platform saw $6 billion of long-term net inflows during the quarter, driven by active net inflows of $8 billion as clients increasingly look to partner with Blackrock to build customized solutions or generate yield to meet their investment objectives. Inflows into multi-asset and solutions oriented strategies including our LifePath target-date series and active fixed income are partially offset by outflows from active equity. In addition we had another strong fund raising quarter for illiquid alternatives raising $1 million in new commitments. Illiquid alternatives remain a key area of growth for Blackrock as our institutional clients increasingly search for additional sources of income and uncorrelated returns. Blackrock's global retail franchise saw $2 billion of long-term net outflows, primarily due to outflows from equity and multi-asset funds in another challenging quarter for the active mutual fund industry. Outflows were concentrated in European and U.S. equities and world allocations strategies. Retail fixed income remained a pocket of strength with diversified flows across our top-performing platform including strong flows into emerging markets high yield, municipals and European and Asian fixed income. At September 30, 88% of taxable fixed income assets were at or above benchmark or peer medium for the trailing five year period. In particular our flagship total return fund continues to generate best-in-class performance and is performing in the top 5% of its peers for the trailing three and five year periods. Overall our third quarter results reflect the benefits of the investments we've made to build a diversified global business model. Diversification across investment style distribution channel, product and region, enables us to deliver differentiated organic growth in a variety of market environments while our scale allows us to make strategic investments, which deliver value for our clients and shareholders. With that I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks Gary. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call. BlackRock's business model was built to thrive in all market environments and clients continue to trust Blackrock in an environment characterized by macroeconomic and political uncertainties, slow global growth and persistent low rates. In the third quarter even as industry-wide investor preferences continue to migrate from equities to fixed income and cash and away from active strategies the diversity of our platform drove nearly $70 billion of total net inflows. Our $55 billion of long-term net inflows was positive across both active and index strategies and across every asset class and every region. We're seeing ongoing divergence in global monetary policy. While the U.S. signals a slow path to tightening the U.K., Japan and other central banks continue with accommodative monetary policy, keeping yields at historical low levels and fueling widening asset liability gaps for both large institutions and also individual savers. As monetary policy reaches its limits in many regions, expansionary fiscal policy particularly in the form of infrastructure investments will be necessary to ignite economic growth. The lack of clarity around the outcomes of several upcoming political events including the path forward on Brexit, elections in the U.S. and the constitutional referendum in Italy is contributing to growing tail risk and investor caution. Despite underlying uncertainty, market volatility reached lows not seen since 1995 and equity markets rose in the quarter posting record highs in the United States and the United Kingdom. Many clients are turning to BlackRock to help them understand the risk at the intersection of policy, markets and economics as government actions continue to drive our markets. Both institutional and retail clients are increasingly utilizing Aladdin risk management technology and portfolio construction tools as well as turning the BlackRock for our insights as a thought leader. In the third quarter, the BlackRock Investment Institute hosted a call on the potential impact in financial markets on the upcoming U.S. election which had more than 1,000 participants. These differentiators and combined with our global active and indexed investment platform that Blackrock is built over time, enables us to have a deeper and more meaningful conversation with our clients and more than ever before client value BlackRock's diverse global business model. As Gary mentioned BlackRock generated $55 billion of long-term net inflows in the third quarter, representing a 5% organic asset growth and 5% organic based fee growth. The composition of our flow this quarter is representative of global market condition and investor sentiment. Across client segments, inflows were led by U.S. in emerging markets equities and debt as investors view the U.S. as a relatively safe haven and emerging markets have gained momentum as commodity prices stabilize. Meanwhile we saw outflows from European equities in the political and policy uncertainties both from the continent and the United Kingdom. Institutional investors are slowly regaining confidence and the third quarter was characterized by consistent diverse client flows rather than any one concentrated activity. Our institutional business saw $8 billion of active net inflows in the quarter driven by strong fixed income and multi-asset flows, primarily from defied contributions and insurance clients. Insurance clients face complex challenges as traditional asset allocation strategies are failing to support their business models. With expertise and understand the specific needs of insurance clients BlackRock's Financial Institution Group is putting the differentiated technology advantages on our Aladdin platform to work, constructing and delivering highly customized investment solutions, which incorporate both traditional and alternative asset classes across active and index strategies. Insurance companies are also increasingly employing fixed income ETFs in a broad range of applications. A recent study from Brennan's Associates found that ETF demand from insurers is likely to increase. Of insurance in the study -- insurers in the study, 52% of these companies expect to increase their use of fixed income ETFs in the next year and BlackRock is well-positioned to work with large insurers as our investment strategies and techniques evolve. Active fixed income flows from retail investors remain strong in the quarter at $5 billion, driven by flows in the high yield, emerging market data in Asia fixed income, again reflecting investors moving out of the risk curve in search of the income as a struggle with historical low rates. At the same time, retail investors continue to pull back from active equity investments driven by a combination of challenging long-term performance track records and also accelerating regulatory changes. 2016 U.S. active equity mutual funds has experienced more than $240 billion of year-to-date outflows. It's worth year-on record with more than $110 billion of outflows in the third quarter alone, the same time we've seen strong flows from this client segment across our iShares equity ETFs which I'll speak about in a moment. Regulatory changes having a material impact on the retail ecosystem the Department of Labor Fiduciary Rule RDR and MiFID are all impacting the way wealth managers serve their clients. We are likely to see a historical shift on how assets are being managed and invested as our distribution partners are changing both their product preferences and their use of technology to adapt to these rule changes. We've been working closely with our distribution partners in the U.S. in advance of the Department of Labor rule implementation. Aladdin for Wealth, our technology and risk management system designed specifically for wealth managers will be a key differentiator for BlackRock in helping our clients adapt, as financial advisors sharpen their focus on the quality and cost efficiencies of funds. We also expect that they will use ETF more and more at the center of their portfolios. Advisors are using ETF alongside high conviction active funds and also they're using ETF as an active tool to manage their client's assets. Throughout BlackRock's history, we've anticipated a series of changes in the ecosystem and have taken strategic actions to adapt. This has included combining our active and index strategies on one platform through the BGI acquisition in 2009, continuously enhancing our Aladdin risk and investment management technology. Launching the iShares core series in 2012 which exceeded our expectations by growing at an average organic asset growth rate at 24% since inception and most recently acquiring future advisor. Each of the strategic actions represent an investment to better serve our clients and to drive growth in our business. As our ecosystem evolve further, asset managers can no longer rely on data to subsidize investment spending. BlackRock's diversified business and his history of successful execution, allows us to continue to invest when other firms may not be able to, well using our balance sheet to see new products, streamlining the organization to reallocate investments to strategic initiatives, making tactical technology or product acquisitions or leveraging our scale to re-price product for our clients, we are committed to seeking out the most efficient ways to growing our business. Earlier this month we made a strategic investment in our U.S. iShare core ETFs reducing prices to meet our client's needs for high quality long-term holdings. In doing so, we are taking steps to be the leader in the core segment by providing clients with the best quality and value of any ETF sponsor and maybe iShares a clear ETF choice for financial advisors, building portfolios under the new fiduciary standard. We are maximizing the benefit of our scale to drive the maximum value for our clients and our shareholders and we expect to see increased organic asset and revenue growth in the iShares' core series over time. We also expect this investment to drive growth across our broader range of iShares precision exposures where clients play significant value and characteristics like liquidity and tax efficiency. And finally we expect this investment to drive growth across our active business as we deepen our relationships with all our distribution partners. Our early results have been strong. Since the re-pricing action just last week, our U.S. core market share of net flows have grown by 25 points to 59% and our iShares outside the core have also been logging strong flows. iShare saw $51 billion of net inflows in the third quarter and year-to-date I'm speaking as of yesterday, close to $100 billion of inflows in 2016. Fixed income iShares continue to be a substantial growth opportunity for BlackRock and we achieved a significant milestone in the quarter by reaching $100 billion in our European fixed income ETF AUM. iShares is a world-leading ETF provider holding the number one share of U.S. European and global equity and fixed income ETF flows year-to-date. Going forward in a lower beta environment, alpha generation has the opportunity to drive greater percentage of overall investor returns. BlackRock saw a positive active net inflows $4 billion in the third quarter. Active flows were driven by our leading global fixed income platform where we have scale, product and diversity and strong long-term performance with 88% of our assets above benchmark or peer medium for the five-year period. The combination of active and index strategies will continue to play an important role in our client's portfolio and BlackRock has all the components unlike our peers as well as portfolio construction capabilities, risk technology and better portfolios. I've emphasized the importance of technology many times today. Technology is an essential component of adapting to our regulatory changes and more broadly a changing investor landscape. As advisors take on greater portfolio construction responsibilities in a fee-based account they are increasingly using BlackRock solutions sophisticated tools and risk analytics to build better portfolios. As a result we are seeing strong interest for our Aladdin for wealth our I retire platform and our future advisor offerings. Institutional client facing persistent low rates and searching for yield require a deeper look into their entire portfolio and BlackRock's technology can help them see clear and allocate more effectively. Aladdin continues to build momentum with institutional clients, and revenues grew over 13% year-over-year. We are committed to constantly innovating on our existing platform as well as thinking of new ways that we can serve our clients' needs with technology. This remains a key differentiator for BlackRock relative to any other firm in the asset management industry. In a time of significant change for the asset management industry, I believe BlackRock is better positioned than in any time in our history, and we've never had more opportunity working with the clients than we do today. We are at a pivotal point with uncertainty in politics, regulation in market likely to play out over the coming months. Our clients are apprehensive, but they are coming to BlackRock for advice, and our priorities remain helping them to meet their investment goals in all environments. We have a unique ability to use our scale, our breadth of active and index products, our global reach and our portfolio construction, our risk management expertise and technology advantages to meet our clients' needs, their evolving needs to drive their future growth and our future growth as a firm and future growth for our shareholders. Now let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hi, good morning everybody. Hi good morning. So first, maybe we'll just start off with a DOL question. It's been a couple of quarters, and I guess, the distribution networks and the platforms had a chance to kind of digest the rules. And Larry, you alluded to you guys are working closely with your distribution partners on helping them adapt to the changes. So, maybe a little bit more color from the perspective of what kind of changes are you anticipating? Obviously, we saw the announcement from Merrill and Edward Jones a couple of months ago. But more specifically, I guess, with respect to number of products, fee structures and any more granularity, I think, will be very helpful.
Laurence Fink: I don't know that much more than what you just said. We witnessed the changes from Merrill Lynch and Edward Jones. It is very clear though, that the fiduciary rule is teaching how our distribution partners manage their clients' accounts, as you suggested and more stated by these public announcements, it's moving more to a fee-based relationship, less commission-based relationship. We also believe it's going to move more to a model-based relationship too where you're going to see the CIO offices of the various distribution platforms coming up with asset allocation strategies. We certainly believe that in the DOL rules, it's going to mean fees are going to be very important and that's obviously one thing we can say with certainty. We don't know how that's going to play out. But we do believe, as it moves more towards managed portfolios, utilizing more of the centralization of models and corporate and asset allocation, it's going to move quite a bit of money more towards passive strategies, utilization of ETFs. We do believe it'll systematically move assets away from active, and so we're trying to get prepared, but one thing we can say we're certainty in our conversations though, it leads to greater need of risk management tools. This is one of the reasons why we have adapted Aladdin, which, historically, was an enterprise system for large institutional investment organizations. While we now -- have now adopted for Aladdin for wealth that we could go down to individual accounts and allowing the adviser and the organization to look at every relationship they have through the lens of risk management. And we believe under the DOL rules, having that oversight is going to be imperative and this is one of the reasons why we developed this technology. We're in dialogues with many, many distribution partners already related to Aladdin for Wealth. We have signed up one institution already for Aladdin For Wealth. And we're in dialog with many more utilizing the Aladdin system for the navigation of their clients' investment strategies. So we look at this as a huge opportunity for us. We're in great position to navigate. I should add, I don't think any other organization has those capabilities and so it puts us in a great position. By having that position it allows us to have more dialog, not just more dialog for passive strategies but more dialog in portfolio construction and models and active strategies. So having this opportunity to be working with these institutions, on the navigation of risk management on behalf of all their individual clients, gives us -- will give us a unique opportunity to be working with these institutions in a way that we never had been able to before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hi Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hi Larry. Good morning everyone. Good morning, Gary. So I just wanted to follow up the last DOL question. I'm wondering, have you tried to size up the potential money that could be in motion U.S. retail? And you're seeing a lot of money in motion outside of U.S. retirement, which is supposed to be the focus of the DOL rule, so really in traditional brokerage?
Laurence Fink: Let me give to Rob to answer.
Robert Kapito: So we have found there is such a significant amount of cash that's on the sidelines because rates are so low and equities have not returned what people have expected that the money that is potentially in motion is probably the largest. We've done studies to show that globally there's 50 plus trillion that's sitting in cash. And I don't think anybody knows how big that can be relative to the size of the markets. So depending upon changes in interest rates and changes in equity volatility, a lot of that money can come into motion. So it's not only coming into areas of retirement. It's overall. And the studies that we show range anywhere from 38% to 60% of clients' portfolios are now sitting in cash. So we think that a lot of that money will start to move once people, once we get through the election and once we get through the next decision on where interest rates are going to be.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning.
Robert Kapito: Good morning.
Dan Fannon: I guess just to follow up on the pricing changes. Can you discuss the process of kind of the product selection and how we can think about your active product portfolio and potential pricing changes going forward to be more competitive as you highlighted in the DOL rule?
Robert Kapito: So that's a very large question. So first of all, on the ETF side, this is a strategic investment that we're making in the future growth of BlackRock. So where we focused and reduced our prices were in the U.S. iShares core ETF and that was to meet specific demand by [indiscernible] one of the high-quality. They're long-term holders and a lot of them will be purchasing these either directly or through models because of what you have just mentioned with Larry in the DOL opportunity. We want to be a leader in this segment, in the core segment. We want to provide the clients with the best quality and value of any ETF sponsor and making sure that iShares is the clear ETF choice for financial advisers that are looking to build their portfolios under the new fiduciary standard. Now when we talk about that in particular, 90% of our iShares, we have not changed the price on. This is really targeted at this specific segment that is very fee-sensitive. And as Larry mentioned in his opening remarks, we know that people like the brand. And now price is becoming in that segment something that's very important to be included in the models and focused on. So we responded directly to our clients in that specific segment. When it comes to the mutual funds, we have a pretty large array of mutual funds. We have lowered the pricing in some of our bond fund platform. We have 23 funds there. We took a look and we wanted to make sure that especially in this low interest rate environment, we are being responsive to our clients and our adjustments were in 14 of those funds, eight taxable and six municipals, which is about $23 billion in assets and we want to make sure that we continue to be top quartile manger, but also top quartile as far as expenses. So, we are watching what clients need in this environment and we are responding the specific segment that they were requiring us to.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Brian
Brian Bedell: Hi. How are you doing?
Laurence Fink: Good.
Brian Bedell: Great. Just want to circle back on DOL maybe sort of the tempo of the changes that we'll be seeing over the next couple of quarters with implementation happening largely before April. And do you sense advisors are ready to make these changes right now from mutual fund to ETF, or do you think they really still in preparation mode in terms of those education and then understanding allocation better. Maybe you can link that in with Aladdin for wealth, distraction with your distribution partners and whether you think Larry how this going to develop around sort of robo platforms? Thanks.
Laurence Fink: Well, I think everybody still at wait and see attitude and yes we haven't seen they are doing incredible amount of preparation for this. I don’t think anyone wants to get ahead of this. This is one who have -- they have to make serious changes to the relationship with their FAs and their clients, they don’t want to be at competitive disadvantage with their FAs, one for another. So I think you are going to see a lot of [Kabuki] in which lot of people are going to be shadow dancing until they have to come up with the strategy. But I do -- behind the scenes, all are looking at many of the different possible outcomes could be a slow transition to more, what I would say managed portfolios or it's going to be sudden. I am under the view that the changes are going to be more rapid. I think most of my team believe those changes are going to be more evolutionary. And so I think there is even a debate here at BlackRock related to how these changes are going to be. But I do believe the legal responsibilities -- the legal responsibilities of each firm has under the DOL is going to probably move towards these changes. But let me be clear these are not our decisions; these are our distribution partner's decisions, each firm has to do whatever is the right strategy for them, under the new rules and new laws on behalf of the client. So and I am sure they're all going to be working on behalf of their client, I'm not trying to suggest they are focusing on their own specific needs. What we are trying to do with our scale and our platform and the ability to have a dialog using our active and passive strategy, but more importantly introducing a lot in for wealth we are helping our distribution platform to focus on what should they be doing in towards their implementation in the new DOL rule. I do believe one thing will be it's going to be constant though the need for more risk tools they are going to be imperative to making sure that there is better oversight to protecting the firm making sure they are living under the new DOL rules. I do believe you are going to see as you saw from Merlin, Edward Jones more managed accounts, but the key question that you asked Brian in the composition of the managed accounts, how little portfolio allocation be? Quite frankly we heard a whole ray of that I do believe overall cycle is going to be a much greater utilization in a passive strategies in ETF than active strategies, and I think that's where it's going. So, we believe because of our positioning Aladdin for Wealth and because of our ability to work with our distribution platforms and the utilization of beta and active strategies, we're in a very good position and that's how we're trying to position. Let me be clear. That's not our decision. We're responding to the ecosystem changes of our distribution partners. And we're trying to be additive. We have to be a partner with them. And what I can say is, at this time, we're in extensive dialogues with these institutions in terms of how they navigate it, and we believe we'll be able to play a role in their ultimate outcomes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi there.
Laurence Fink: Good morning.
Glenn Schorr: Good morning. Maybe a quick follow-up. On this front, I don't -- I agree with you. I don't think anyone has done more or has more to offer the distributors than BlackRock. But at its core, the offshoot of all this, I think is distribution is harder to come by. There's tighter rules around it and distributors lose some revenues along the way. And the likely reaction is to ask for more from their asset management partners, whether it be commissions, revenue share, marketing support payments. So I'm curious if you agree with that comment that asset managers in general will be need to pay more to access the key distribution channels?
Robert Kapito: Yes, I think that's going to be pretty obvious going forward. When you have periods like this, everybody goes to their vendors, distributors and ask for some sort of big concessions. So with the DoL rule, certainly, there's more to be pressure on all of the vendors and all the expenses that people have. So for us, I don't think it means less distribution. I just think it means more efficient distribution and that pricing is going to be an issue. I expect that we, as a firm, are going to go to our vendors as well and expect some fee concessions. And then also as a company, we have to watch our own expenses. And I think you've seen that over the last couple of quarters that we're making sure that we're much more efficient. And there I feel very confident for our future, and this is because of our technology, we can be much more efficient than any other asset managers out there. So I think you're right on the mark. This is going to be a very good for the clients. And we have found in the history of BlackRock, when it's good for the clients, it's also good for us.
Laurence Fink: Let me just echo that. I think it's very important. If clients believe they have a fair opportunity to be in the market to build a better financial future for themselves, if they believe the Department of Labor rules gives them that security that people are working on their behalves, and they put more money to work and keep getting, moving money out of all this cash into bank deposits into the financial markets, we will be the best-positioned firm for that. So we welcome these changes. We welcome better, a better environment to allow our clients a just and fair and being involved in the global capital markets to help their financial future.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
Laurence Fink: Good morning Bill. I think we lost Bill.
Operator: Bill you line is open. Please go ahead with you question.
Bill Katz: I was wondering if you could talk on the cash management side for a moment just in terms of now we have new rules in place, a lot of money motion coming into that. Can you talk a little bit about where you think the products ultimately land and the kind of pricing associated with that?
Laurence Fink: Well, Bill, we saw leading up to the October ruling, about a $1 trillion of money moving. I think this has been underreported, but $1 trillion of money has moved from prime funds to government funds. This is an incredible amount of money by one government change. I mean this is one of the great examples where government actions can truly change an ecosystem. And so we saw this huge movement out of prime funds to government funds. We were very well positioned to accommodate our clients on that. We saw about $60 billion in our own prime funds going into government funds, but the key thing for us was we actually picked up little more than 1% market share in these events and we had $15 billion in net inflows. We look at the money market fund industry as a great business. Obviously, we are earning lower fees in government funds than we did in the prime funds. And I think that's obviously a circumstance that everybody will be facing. But I do believe as clients feel more comfortable and as they navigate with their risk committees the whole idea of what is a prime fund, I think you will see money eventually move back into prime, not the same -- not the whole $1 trillion but I think as clients understand what prime funds are and that they can pick up more return with quite a bit less risk than they ever would have had in a prime fund because prime funds rules have changed quite considerably, too. How we report our NAV, how we report our positioning -- our position. So they're far less risky than they were in the 2000 to 2007 and 2008 environment. So I do believe it's going to take some time as clients become a little bit more circumspect about the difference of the two funds. In many cases, they're going to have to go to their risk committees to get a change because the fact that there is no certainty about a dollar NAV, some clients just can't do it unless they changed their rules. We are working with many clients right now on that, helping clients understand the trade-offs, but the knee-jerk reaction was very clear. People did not have time to focus on how to work with risk committee in terms of getting these changes. But I do believe, over time, clients will do that. We are working once again, this is one of the great characteristics of BlackRock. We have worked with our clients and helping them assess those types of risks and the opportunities. But clearly, from our opinion, when you start seeing changes in central bank behavior, when you start seeing widening credit spreads, the advantage of a prime fund versus a government fund may be quite large enough, which will accelerate more people seeking the differences and getting the changes from their boards, risk committee boards, and being able to invest their liquidity in a prime fund even without the constant dollar NAV.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So first, just a follow-up on Gary's point on the price cuts and the core ETFs being long-term accretive. Maybe, is there a time line or AUM threshold that allows you to cross into that accretion level? And then more broadly speaking, could you help us think about the profitability trade-off within BlackRock, right? Because generally, most folks agree that you'll gain share in your iShares and likely fixed income business but see pressure in Active Equity. And so is there a growth ratio in the AUM in between that iShares business and the Active Equity business that we could think about that represents a DMZ or breakeven line? Because I'm sure it's not just about revenue growth. It seems more complicated than that. Thanks a lot.
Laurence Fink: Sure, Brennan. So it's -- I would think it's there's a lot going on. I mean, we've literally spent the last five of the first six questions around change that's basically drive -- being driven by regulatory change and a whole host of other things in terms of the current environment. And I think that we look at the business in its totality more broadly. We're not really looking at a product-by-product analysis and a breakeven on a product-by-product analysis. It's really about the diversification and the breadth of the entire platform and how all of the products fit together at the end of the day into a set of solutions for the clients. We're constantly making decisions in the best interest of the clients and we're trying to basically bring forth the benefits of the platform, whether its breadth, its globality, or its scale to basically drive better outcomes for clients and at the end of the day, better outcomes for our shareholders. So while we are mindful when we talk about see a radically breakevens, which look you can calculate those as well, you know what the change in the fees are and can basically do the math, to see how quickly we can capture the incremental revenue. It’s really much more importantly about balancing everything that the firm has offer -- our top ten manager and active top ten manager and possibly top ten manager in ops are all wrapped up with the differentiation of a laden and the technology platform, really to drive a much more comprehensive set of solutions ultimately for the clients and to leverage the scale not only on behalf of those clients but also on the behalf of our shareholders at the end of the day.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Laurence Fink: Good morning.
Michael Cyprys: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to shift gears a little bit and can you just talk a little bit about seed capital how are you deploying that today versus say one to two years ago? And just given some of the limited resources that you in the industry have on seed capital just curious how are you thinking about maximizing that value and what are you prioritizing today?
Laurence Fink: So our seed capital portfolio today is in excess of $1 billion. We continue to grow that as we think about our commitment to invest in the business first, that’s a significant part of our store leveraging, our goal is stability of our cash flow to invest in products that we think are going to drive again better outcomes for our clients and growth in the future. I would say that we do believe that -- if you look where we are receiving money, it’s basically again today significantly more on multi asset, significantly more on fixed income trying to be smarter around cash solutions that may basically change in future. Obviously, our liquid business which fits the formal co-invest that appose to what we call seed. But we are really trying to basically think two, three years down the road to trying figure out where the new blockbuster opportunities are, in a way that can really differentiate the strengths that we have obviously factors, smart-data in terms of our style advantaged products and the like we are also giving a lot of seed capital. We really want to try and leverage again back to scale and stability. You know we think that we can seed in significantly larger amounts than the potentially our competitors as a function of our very stable cash flow which is in access of $3.5 billion a year. And we think our ability to seed more frequently and in larger scale, allows us to show greater commitments of the product and reduce to time to market in a way that allows us to leverage market opportunity significantly quicker.
Operator: The next question is from a line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Good morning, thanks guys. Larry we spend a decent amount of time on DOL, I just wanted to shift over to some of the SEC proposals when we got the liquidity rule? and then also in Europe MiFID II just wanted to get your updated thoughts any I guess hurdles that you see for BlackRock and the industry, I know some EPS got exemptions on the liquidity rule, but just your thoughts on the liquidity rule and then also on where MiFID II is headed?
Laurence Fink: Well this is consistent math and we consider everything else we see with some of the regulatory changes. If the regulatory changes and had clients really needs to invest where big beneficiary of it. So we have been very supportive over the rules that has this investor protection. We had circumstances earlier past few years related to liquidity and the impact of some of the mutual funds where there had be -- that would be frozen. Obviously it hurts all industry, it raises questions of uncertainty. So the SEC try to find a solution. I think it found a pretty good solution under the circumstances. I also do believe we welcome the SECs role in this. We think the SEC needs to a play a larger role and hope ensure the sanctity of the capital markets as more and more money moves to this capital markets, the need for safety and the capital markets always increase. So we work very closely with the all regulators in Europe related to MiFID and MiFID II and we are -- we work very closely -- we provided comment letter. I can’t. So we work closely -- that would be a little bit probably the wrong way of putting it, but we provided our input in helping the regulatory agencies to come up with their solution. We believe MiFID II liquidity rules of the SEC, as I said earlier is going to lead for greater needs for risk management tools. And clearly, if we have rules like liquidity rule, as I said, it increases the need for risk management, which is pointing up to BlackRock's strength. We built this organization technology with all these things in mind, making sure that we focus on the protection of our clients. I don't think it changes that much in terms of investment management behaviors in terms of how we invest. We have never been on the edge of investing in illiquid products in our 40 products or use products. And so it doesn't change our behaviors at BlackRock at all. It may change some investors' behaviors. Obviously, some of who were emphasizing very illiquid buckets in their platform. But both we're MiFID II is going, where the liquidity risk rules are going with the SEC, these are just a work in progress. I believe we are going to see more and more regulatory oversight of our capital markets, ensuring that we have the proper safeguards for investors to invest. And then that's critical. I can't say enough about the need to making sure we have the proper safeguards. If we have the proper safeguards, all of the money that Rob Kapito was talking about sitting in the sidelines would be implemented. I don't believe that people are sitting there because they're just worried about the next event. A lot of people just don't feel like investing has been that fair to them. And by putting these rules in place, it allows more retail investors to feel that they are protected. They have more safety. And through that safety, they probably have a little bit more security, which probably will lead to greater investing into the capital markets. And we'll all be benefited by it. The -- but the details related to the SEC liquidity rules; obviously, it's a 1,000 page rule. It's going to take our lawyers and every lawyer a long time to make sure we understand of all the intricacies of how we're going to implement it and how we're going to manage it. It is very clear, and I brief reading it means a lot more risk management needs, making sure that you can live under these new liquidity rules day to day and abide by them. So it requires greater risk tools, which we have. Even about a year ago, we added a lot of liquidity components to the Aladdin risk models to helping our portfolio managers navigate this. And then in terms of MiFID, this is going to take time working with European regulators. This is scheduled for 2018. So we do have some time before it's implemented. And hopefully we'll have better clarity on making sure that we're living up under these new rules. So as I think I've said earlier all of this will lead for the asset management industry probably a greater need for reliance on risk tools, which will lead for some of the asset managers a greater expenses to build those tools. I think I'm losing my voice now. So I'll end it there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Yes, please. I think our third quarter results once again highlights the benefits of our scale. It certainly benefits why you need diverse -- diversity of product and also I think it also speaks quite loudly why you need a global platform. And I think BlackRock has that platform of scale, diversity of products and global nature. I would say probably the biggest theme that I could think about in terms of the third quarter was we're seeing an impact on the strategic investments we made in our platform over the last few years. I think it is because of those investments we made, the investments we made from BGI acquisition, the investments we made in the Core Series in 2012, the investments we made in our infrastructure products, our ESG products, our investments now in Big Data and factors, our investment now in technology related to Aladdin, Aladdin for wealth, our investment in FutureAdvisor, I believe it all speaks loudly that we're staying ahead of the needs of our clients, trying to anticipate the needs. And I do believe the third quarter, when you think about how we handle this adversity of the markets, that we've been able to position ourselves quite well in this environment. I could certainly say again these investments we made and the investments we're going to continue to make, it's allowing us to have a deeper, broader relationship with our clients in retail and a deeper and broader relationship with the client institutionally. We need to continue to stay ahead of our clients' needs or we're not going to provide the service to our clients. So that's the paranoia that BlackRock possesses, staying in front of our clients' needs and trying to respond to our clients needs. And I think that is the key characteristic and the key differentiator that has positioned BlackRock so well in the past and why I think it's going to be a key characteristic, why we're so well positioned for our future. With that, I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest in BlackRock.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christopher J. Meade – General Counsel Gary S. Shedlin – Chief Financial Officer Laurence D. Fink – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert S. Kapito – President
Analysts: Michael Carrier – Bank of America Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs Bill Katz – Citigroup Robert Lee – KBW Chris Harris – Wells Fargo Michael Cyprys – Morgan Stanley
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Incorporated Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President; Robert S. Kapito, and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty, and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, let's begin.
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to present results for the second quarter of 2016. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. While our earnings release discloses both GAAP and as adjusted financial results, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. Clients are struggling to navigate an incredibly difficult investment landscape. Notwithstanding the recent market rally over the last 12 months, many global equity markets were down double-digits and interest rates touched historic lows worldwide. The current macro environment including negative yields in many jurisdictions, Brexit and U.S. election uncertainty is causing clients to defer investment decisions resulting in significant increases in global cash balances, lower active flows, and a shift from equity to fixed income assets. This environment is also resulting in lower revenue capture across the asset management industry. In times like this, growing and evolving our business are critically important, as client needs for our investment advice and risk management capabilities are greater than ever. BlackRock is having richer dialogues with clients than in any time in our history, and we are well-positioned for growth when client activity accelerates. Last month, at our 2016 Investor Day, we described how BlackRock is built for change. Our strong foundation drives consistent financial results and stable cash flows, enabling us to fund innovation and invest in new growth areas. This is critical to clients, especially during volatile times when other investment managers may be forced to pull back, and to shareholders, as we have an opportunity to win market share. During the second quarter, strength in our global investment platform and Aladdin risk management business, coupled with continued expense discipline enabled us to continue investing in our business despite market headwinds that impacted both base fees and performance fees on a year-over-year basis. Second quarter revenue of $2.8 billion was 3% lower than a year ago, while operating income of $1.2 billion was down 6%. Earnings per share of $4.78, was down 4% versus the prior year quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $14 million of net investment gains, primarily attributable to net gains on private equity and hedge fund related investments. Our as adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 30.6%, compared to 30.1% a year ago. We continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax rate for the remainder of 2016, though the effective – the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring items that could arise during the year. Second quarter long-term net inflows of $2 billion reflected $16 billion of net new business from iShares, offset by outflows in active strategies and institutional index mandates. Over the last 12 months, BlackRock delivered long-term net inflows of $126 billion representing 3% organic growth. Second quarter base fees were down 2% year-over-year despite generally flat average AUM, reflecting more than $250 billion in AUM mix change favoring lower fee fixed income and cash assets, including the impact of diversion equity beta. While the S&P 500 was down only 1% on average year-over-year, many markets linked to our higher fee equity products including emerging markets, Europe, Asia, natural resources and commodities experienced double-digit declines. Sequentially, base fees increased 6%, driven by higher average AUM following the market rally in March. More recent market volatility associated with Brexit had a minimal impact on second quarter base fees. While the operational implications of Brexit will evolve over the coming quarters, we are well-positioned versus the industry as a function of our globally diversified manufacturing, distribution and operating platform. Performance fees of $74 million decreased 46% versus a year ago, reflecting continuing performance challenges in the hedge fund industry generally, and the impact of high watermarks on certain funds specifically. The year-over-year decline was driven primarily by fees associated with hedge fund related and certain long only equity products. BlackRock solutions revenue of $172 million was up 7% year-over-year and flat sequentially. Our Aladdin business which represented 85% of BRS revenue in the quarter grew 13% year-over-year, driven by several sizeable clients going live on the Aladdin platform during the last year. We continue to see strong market demand from institutional asset managers, evidenced by the recent signing of one of our largest clients to date, which will be implemented over the next 18 to 24 months. As discussed at Investor Day, the rapidly changing regulatory and financial landscape is also driving accelerated conversations with retail intermediaries about leveraging Aladdin's value proposition in the wealth management space. Aladdin remains a key differentiator and a competitive advantage for BlackRock, enabling us to communicate more effectively and to serve clients more holistically and efficiently. Total expense decreased 2% year-over-year, driven primarily by lower compensation expense. Sequentially, total expense increased 3% driven primarily by higher compensation and AUM-related expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was down $31 million or 3% year-over-year reflecting lower incentive compensation. Sequentially, compensation and benefit expense increased $32 million or 3%, reflecting higher incentive compensation, driven by higher operating income and performance fees relative to the first quarter, partially offset by lower seasonal employer payroll taxes in the current quarter. Distribution and servicing costs increased 12% sequentially due to the acquisition of BofA Global Capital Management, and reduced money market fund fee waivers which have historically been shared by our distribution partners. G&A expense was essentially flat year-over-year and sequentially, reflecting continued expense discipline despite the impact of recent acquisitions on our run rate. As we mentioned last quarter and assuming stable markets, we still anticipate full year 2016 G&A expense to be roughly in line with 2015 levels. Our second quarter as adjusted operating margin of 43.9% was down 100 basis points year-over-year, but up 230 basis points sequentially primarily reflecting marginal impact of changes in base and performance fees and their respective time periods, coupled with G&A expense discipline. As we've stated in the past, we do not manage the business to a specific margin target. We do remain keenly focused on delivering long-term value to our shareholders, and will continue working to strike an appropriate balance between organically investing for future growth and practical discretionary expense management. We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value by first reinvesting in our business, and then returning excess cash to shareholders. In line with that commitment, in the second quarter, we closed the acquisition of BofA Global Capital Management, assuming investment management responsibilities for approximately $81 billion of related cash and liquidity AUM, and leveraging the scale of our cash management franchise. During the second quarter, we also repurchased an additional $275 million worth of shares. Second quarter long-term net inflows of $2 billion were driven by the diversity of our platform. Importantly, we saw strength in strategic focus areas including fixed income ETFs, smart beta and factor products, and infrastructure offerings. Global iShares generated $16 billion of net new business in the second quarter, led by fixed income inflows of $10 billion. We continued to see investor appetite for risk aware smart beta products, with our minimum volatility funds raising more than $6 billion during the quarter, and maintaining the number one market share position in the product category. We also continue to see strong results in the Core Series, which is less sensitive to the macro environment raising $12 billion in net flows during the quarter. Throughout the quarter, investors once again used iShares at their preferred vehicle to navigate market volatility, and express rapidly changing investment views. Since the UK's decision to exit the EU, we have seen particular strength in our European iShares range across asset classes, capturing over 70% market share over the past several weeks, as clients leverage our industry-leading product breadth and liquidity. BlackRock's global retail franchise saw $6 billion of long-term net outflows in another challenging quarter for the industry, as both domestic and cross-border fund flows suffered in light of political and macro economic events. The global retail market is changing dramatically. DOL, RDR and MiFID are impacting the way wealth managers are serving clients. Digital and technology offerings are proliferating, and efficient beta products continue to take share from active products. While year-to-date industry, domestic, and cross-border active gross sales have slowed significantly due to macro uncertainty and continued offer performance, we are confident that the breadth of our retail platform including active and passive investment products, solutions, and portfolio construction tools, and digital and risk management capabilities collectively position BlackRock to be a market leader in this new environment. Our institutional business saw $8 billion of long-term net outflows, primarily due to active fixed income net outflows of $7 billion, driven largely by client reallocation activity. Despite volatility in EMEA, BlackRock continued to expand our presence with institutional clients in Continental Europe generating $8 billion in net inflows during the quarter, and illustrating that while many clients are taking a wait-and-see approach, BlackRock remains the partner of choice when they are prepared to invest. In the United States, our defined contribution business generated net inflows of approximately $4 billion, driven by LifePath and other target-date inflows, and now accounts for over $650 billion of assets under management. Finally, we saw positive flows in institutional illiquid alternatives driven by continued momentum in infrastructure. Illiquid alternatives remain a key area of growth for BlackRock, as institutional clients increasingly search for additional sources of income and uncorrelated returns. We now have more than $10 billion in committed but uninvested capital to deploy for clients. As we communicated at Investor Day, we are intensely focused on adapting ahead of change. While the current market environment is putting pressure on asset management companies and challenging historic business models, BlackRock has built the industry's broadest global product and distribution platform to meet the changing needs of our clients, and drive long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. As Gary mentioned, our clients are facing unprecedented challenges as they attempt to navigate the current investment environment which I'll describe in more detail in a moment. While this has caused many of our clients to pause their investment activity for the moment, it has also led to a more and deeper conversation with our clients than ever before. They are seeking our advice; they are looking for our investment solutions and are wanting the risk analytics and technology that BlackRock can uniquely offer. We are better positioned, I mean, we BlackRock, are better positioned than we've ever been to deliver the solutions they need. Political and macroeconomic uncertainty including Brexit, the upcoming elections in France and the United States, historically low yields and elevated market volatility, regulatory pressure including the DOL, Solvency II, these factors and others are leading clients of all types to pause, as they assess both their own needs and their investment options available for them. Our pension clients with 7%-plus return expectations are facing an ever-expanding liability gap. Our insurance clients with significant regulatory constraints cannot make their business models work in a zero yield environment. Sovereign wealth funds have been forced to focus on liquidity and funding needs after years of rapid growth, and individual savers are wrestling with a choice of too much risk versus too little return, as they face the prospects of their own underfunded retirement plans. Where can clients turn to address these challenges? Today, there's $10 trillion of sovereign bonds that are delivering negative returns and negative yields, yet central banks continue to be buying, and global derisking continues to bid up fixed income prices. Active equity managers as a group have underperformed over a multi-year period, and are seeking record out flows – or seeing record outflows. The blanket beta strategy that worked so well post-crisis has come to more volatility and divergence, and as Gary said as many European and Asian equity indexes have fallen year-to-date, even as the S&P is at a record level. Today, as the environment asset managers are operating, this is the operating model that we're seeing, and the environment we're seeing as an asset manager. Clients do not know what to do with their money. They are afraid and they are pulling back, as evidenced by more than $55 trillion in bank deposits sitting in the United States, China, and Japan alone. And even as markets have rallied recently, many clients have missed that upside, and find themselves feeling even further behind. In difficult times, our clients need BlackRock more than ever. We believe that asset managers must evolve in an anticipation of the fundamental shifts taking place in our industry, driven by technology, demographics, regulation, so that they are positioned to meet the clients' needs. And we, BlackRock, are doing that. As we highlight at our recent Investor Day, BlackRock is constantly adapting. The differentiating platform we have built at BlackRock over the past 28 years is resonating with our clients, and the diversity of product offerings, the risk capabilities of Aladdin, the market insights offered by the BlackRock Investment Institute, our clients will need to put their money to work. I can't predict when and how much, but when they do, I am confident that BlackRock has never been better positioned to capture those flows. Whether a client is looking for an illiquid alternative investment or an ETF, or an unconstrained fixed income strategy, or a smart beta or factor strategy, or a multi-asset income product, we can deliver that solution and many others. But most important is our ability to fashion solutions, from the combination of these strategies to meet the unique needs of our clients, all backed by our unmatched risk analytics and technology. And that is what's truly differentiating with BlackRock, and that is what is now resonating with our clients. As Gary mentioned, we saw $2 billion of long-term net inflows in the quarter. And over the last 12 months, we have seen $126 billion of long-term net inflows across our platform. These flows are well-diversified, with $12 billion in active and $114 billion in index, including $96 billion from clients in the U.S., $30 billion from international clients. We saw $39 billion and $85 billion in equity and fixed income net inflows, respectively, and we continue to generate strong client commitments in our rapidly growing illiquid alternative business. Since quarter end, after Brexit, we continue to see accelerated flows in our iShares franchise with approximately $18 billion of net inflows thus far in July, bringing our 2016 net inflows to more than $56 billion. iShares currently has the number one share of global and European ETFs and our fixed income ETF flows year-to-date. Let me talk about our fixed income flows. The fixed income iShares continued to be a substantial growth opportunity for BlackRock, and we saw more than $67 billion in net inflows over the past 12 months. For some of you, you may remember more than five years ago, some of our skeptics were still questioning the overall ETF growth story, and downplaying the fixed income opportunity. We were outspoken about our ability to innovate and to build this market. And today with a fixed income ETF industry reaching $600 billion in total AUM, and our own franchise is north of $300 billion, we are the proven leader in this space, and are focused on the continued penetration of the $100 trillion fixed income asset class. And just as we were doing five years ago, today we’re investing to develop the solutions that will meet our clients needs in the future, including infrastructure, sustainable investing, big data, machine learning, factors, and smart beta, and also critically in technology, from our Aladdin franchise to our presence in digital wealth management with FutureAdvisor. Monetary policy has driven yields to record low levels while failing to stimulate economic growth, and there is significant need for our global fiscal policy response. Infrastructure investing will be critical component of that solution, creating jobs, driving growth, providing investors with long-term opportunities for yield. We are well-positioned to participate in that activity. Following another strong quarter of capital raising, BlackRock now manages more than $8 billion in invested and committed capital across our infrastructure platform. Whether in alternatives or across our active platform to continue to deliver alpha in the new market paradigm, you have to be connected. You need scale. You have to leverage technology, and of course, you have to be smart and nimble. BlackRock’s Aladdin technology connects our global investor community on a common platform. The scale of our trading and liquidity platform enables us to access market liquidity that few firms can, and we further enhance that scale through the Bank of America Global Capital Management acquisition in the quarter. Our data expertise allows us to turn large, unstructured data sets into meaningful investment insights, and our risk and quantitative analysis teams provide independent oversight to help identify both risk and opportunities. The platform that we built is also a powerful means to recruit and retain industry’s top talent. Most importantly, we announced that we hired Mark Wiseman to lead our unified active equity franchise. In the quarter, performance across our active platform remains stable or improved, with 80% in fixed income, 67% in fundamental equity, 82% in scientific active equity above their benchmark for peer medium for the last three year period. We’re making significant investments in big data, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and we saw more than $1 billion in scientific active equity inflows in the quarter. Factor-based investment strategy it helps us bridge the gap between traditional active and index, and further fill out our offerings as clients increasingly look to achieve access to broad, persistent drivers of return through low cost efficient vehicles. During the quarter, our global iShares minimum volatility fund raised more than $6 billion leading the ETF industry smart beta category, and BlackRock now manages more than $140 billion in AUM across a range of factor-based strategies. Technology has always been a core component of our value proposition, and a significant differentiator for BlackRock. As the investment landscape evolves, technology is transitioning from a competitive advantage to a competitive requirement. Those that do not invest in technology will not be able to meet their clients’ long-term needs. Technology remains a key area of focus and investment for BlackRock across all aspects of our business, to enhance our investment process, to enhance our client service, to create operational efficiencies, and our unifying BlackRock Aladdin technology platform. Aladdin revenues grew 13% year-over-year, and during the quarter. We saw one of the largest clients – we’ve signed one of the largest clients to date. We expect Aladdin to continue to grow as we enhance capabilities, to meet clients’ current and future needs. As we expand Aladdin to serve additional clients across the financial ecosystem, we are breaking down legacy systems to connect asset managers to asset servicers through provider Aladdin, and providing wealth management organizations with institutional quality risk oversight and analytics through our Aladdin for wealth platform. We also believe that the evolving technology and regulatory landscape including the new DOL rule in the U.S., digital advice will play an integral role in increasing access and transparency for investors. And we continue to see strong client interest in our FutureAdvisor platform, as clients look to new and innovative wealth management solutions. Clients not only turn to BlackRock to manage their assets, but also to help them understand the larger term impact of global events. The BlackRock Investment Institute leads that discussion. To help clients understand the immediate results of the Brexit vote, BII hosted two client calls the morning after the vote, with more than 10,000 participants worldwide. This level of engagement and participation is a testament to BlackRock’s position in the industry, not only as an asset manager, but as a thought leader, and this allows us to be a greater trusted advisor. Going forward, we will continue to see changes. We’ll see changes in markets, changes in technology, changes in demographics and regulation. This is all driving the changing needs of our clients, and we will continue to adapt our business to serve those needs in that ever-changing world. We are in a difficult environment for our clients and our industry, but challenging environments have always been when BlackRock has been able to make the biggest leaps forward. Today, many of our clients are apprehensive, and they are coming to us and asking us for advice. As I’ve said, our client dialogues have never been better, and we have never been in a better position to serve our clients needs. That is why I have never seen in our 28-year history, more opportunity for BlackRock than I do today. Now let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Hi, Larry, how are you doing?
Laurence D. Fink: Good.
Michael Carrier: Larry, just a first question, I think everyone – when you look at BlackRock, and you look at all of the products that you guys offer and you’ve proven it over time, in terms of the organic growth that you’re able to generate. So this quarter, it’s a bit surprising, but the backdrop has been anything but normal. But when you think about some of the comments that you made, particularly on the institutional side in terms of flows, you look at all of the cash on the sidelines, yet you look at where equity valuations are, where yields are, when you are talking to clients, is there a risk for the industry that we see a lot of money remaining on the sidelines for a period of time, just given the lack of opportunities? Or do you think that there’s still enough – I don’t know conversations or drive to allocate some of this cash into other solutions that can still generate some attractive returns?
Laurence D. Fink: Sure. Well, first and foremost, clients want to put money to work. They’re pausing, that’s certainly true. I think we’re seeing an anomaly right now. We’re seeing – if you look at our ETF flows since Brexit, I would say the majority of those inflows are probably are institutional. Because at the same time, I’m sure you’re looking at the data, there’s still outflows in mutual funds which tells you, obviously retail are still selling, but that the divergence is quite stark, and shocking to see that type of differential. The dialogues we’re having with clients are, as I said as robust as possible. Some clients are looking to put money to work. The issue is some clients who have regulatory issues for capital issue, investing in bond yields at this time, it gets it more difficult. Some of them are looking to invest in dividend stocks. And so, I believe we’re going to see more unlocking of money over the course of the next 12 months. I can’t predict whether it’s the third quarter, but I’m particularly surprised at the sheer volume of inflows in iShares in the first 14 days of the month, which is public so I could talk about it. And the dialogue we’re having institutional and we’ve seen good flows in, and awards in alternatives already this quarter. So it is not as – I wouldn’t call it to be as systematic and easy. It is more periodic and idiosyncratic depending on the clients needs. But this is a time for us to be in front of our clients more than ever before, as they are questioning their asset allocation, where should they put money, how should they think about it? And so, Michael, I can’t predict one quarter over another. But what I can say, over a long period of time, there is huge pent-up demand, and I believe we will be more involved than ever before. I can’t say that about the industry though.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence D. Fink: All right, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Larry. With rates now at zero, and actually more like negative across a decent, out of the spectrum, I’d imagine there’s a lot of pent-up demand for alternatives, infrastructure, et cetera. What’s your thought on that? When are we going to see some more of this money move, and how is BlackRock positioned for that?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I think we’ve been consistent in saying we’re continuing to grow our illiquid alts business. I said, just from the last question, we have been awarded one or two mandates already this quarter in the alt space. I think across the board, we’re well-positioned. It really depends on what category. You mentioned infrastructure. We have a huge emphasis in this. We are continuing to hire people there. We are in dialogue with many different parts of the world related to infrastructure investing. As we find those investments, it’s very easy to find the capital. So as you know, we have a $30 billion real asset platform, $15 billion in fund to funds of private equity. We continue to see growth in private credit. We’re well-positioned in some of these products. Other products, we are not as well positioned as others. But importantly, I could say with absolute confidence, the positioning we have in the alt space with our clients has never been more robust. And obviously, we are not as – in some of the platforms, we’re not as strong, because it was not one of our core competencies 15 years ago, and we’ve been building it. We did a – we have an institutional client survey. And in that survey, we did determine that 53% of our clients are going to be reallocating more into alts and real assets. So I think that feeds what you just asked. And so, we believe we’re in a very good position for it. I would argue though, some of the asset classes, the reason why they have done poorly in the alternative space is, because there’s so much money chasing this, so few investments.
Gary S. Shedlin: Craig, just recall that when you look at the numbers that you see, it’s a little complicated, because remember we’ve got commitments coming in, that don’t impact on net new business for the quarter. But we have return of capital going out that does impact our net new business for the quarter. So on a – if we kind of normalize for that, in terms of the institutional business for the quarter, we did see NNB we did see NMV before return-of-capital of about $825 million, let’s call it $825 million again infrastructure pep in BAA that Larry mentioned. And we also did institutionally, another $700 million of commitments in the quarter. Again infrastructure opportunistic credit, NBAA that I think was critically important. Our total today is about $10 billion of uninvested, but committed capital. As you know, we’ll hit NNB as the assets go in the ground.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Hey, Larry. Good morning. So I was hoping to zone in a little bit more on the active fixed income business for you guys. I guess, A, just a little bit of color around the reallocation you highlighted in the second quarter, where there was a kind of one-off event. And then, just broadly given the negative yield dynamic that you burned off earlier, was just hoping you could comment on your unconstrained bond platform? Because it sounds like that’s the product that could solve some of the issues? And the uptick has been good, but perhaps a little bit slower the last couple of quarters. So maybe you can comment on that as well? Thanks.
Laurence D. Fink: Rob, why don’t you – ?
Robert S. Kapito: Yes, so let me give you a little bit of a deeper dive on the fixed income results for the quarter. So clients continue to search for a yield in a low rate environment. And in the quarter, we saw significant equity market volatility. So fixed income has remained the critical component of most client’s portfolios. We continue to have very strong performance across our fixed income franchise, with 80% of assets above the benchmark or peer median for the three year period. iShares had $10 billion of fixed income net inflows, and that was driven by strong flows into investment grade corporates, broad U.S. or EM debt and TIPs. The fixed income ETF industry recently reached by the way, $600 billion in total AUM. And that’s doubled over the past four years, and our own franchise is north of $300 billion. And we see significant opportunity to increase the penetration of the $100 trillion global fixed income market. Now to drill deeper, just on July 7, to give you an idea, LQD, which is our corporate bond fund, took in $1.1 billion of net inflows. And that was a record daily inflow for a corporate bond ETF. So on the retail side, the fixed income business continues to be strong, and it’s led by total return, and it’s also led by our strategic municipal offering. We saw $2 billion of net inflows into retail active fixed income. And on the institutional side, the active fixed income net outflows of $7 billion were driven primarily by client reallocation activity in Asia-Pac and in the U.S. And clients continue to come in and ask for presentations on strategic income opportunities. The reason being, giving the portfolio manager more tools, more ability to find different types of fixed income securities with lower risk, but higher returns in a low interest rate environment. So we believe that area of the market is going to continue to grow, as well as from the iShares fixed income side.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just to switch gears a little bit. Big picture Larry, I guess, there’s been some talk coming out of DC, about some building liquidity constraints, or requirements for mutual funds. I was wondering what you could share with us, or maybe what you’re hearing, and what the implications might be across the business, if any?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I don't know much more. As we said in the last quarter, we are supportive of rules that enhanced investor protection. We are highly enthusiastic with roles that give more confidence to investors that they believe at a level playing field so they could invest. And if we can see that confidence build and unlock some of this huge cash holdings, we're in a very good position. So I want to put that into context of what is being proposed. We certainly don't know the end results of how liquidity is going to be addressed, the disclosures related to liquidity, we know in the proposed document that the SEC is looking at, different buckets how you analyze and risks they are going to set a limit to, the illiquid bucket of 15%. Overall, we have been very supportive of these rules and we believe there is a need for better disclosure related to the composition of all portfolios. As you know, we have been founded on a culture of understanding and managing the risks and importantly, it is rules like the liquidity rule or even the DOL rule that I believe some of the foundational reasons why we see accelerated interests and having a dialogue with us in a risk platform or risk technology for Aladdin. So I don't know much more than that Bill but we are a constructive participant in the dialogue with the SEC and we hope that we have that transparency in all the funds and understanding so people – investors can understand what are the embedded liquidity risks in these funds and we don't know how they are going to respond to the differentiation between a mutual fund and ETF or how they look at them differently. So we don't know enough and we will wait and see when they come out with a final common period, final proposal for another common period.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Eric.
Eric Berg: Thanks so much. Good morning. Given that there has been a decline in the quarter or a decline in the retail business but the iShare business in terms of your last 12 months organic growth remains as strong as ever. Is it possible here that what we're seeing is less a slowdown in the – in investor interest and more just a continued shifting of investor interest, not a slowdown in retail investor interest but just a continued shifting of investor preference from active to the iShares?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I think that that is a trend, that is a trend, but I think it's more than that. I think it is as I said, I think some of the great growth in the fixed income ETF platform is related to the illiquidity in some of the marketplaces – if people are looking for exposures, they can go buy an ETF for that type of exposures. But we believe the marketplace – like we do agree with the notion of what BWC has suggested, that ETFs are going to continue to grow, and maybe double in size. I think the big thing Eric, maybe a bigger issue is, we're seeing a redefinement of active.  As you heard, we're making our investments – our investments are our smart beta which is a form of active, it's not – we call it tethered active but it is a form of active. We are talking about using factors as analysis and our minimum volatility ETF is a great way of getting Active – some form of active returns through a ETF platform. So I think its technology using different instruments like ETFs. Like more importantly, I think preferences are changing so the old way of investing maybe just as in categories of market capitalization is certainly going to be changing. And so I think it's more than just a preference out of active into passive.  I am a big believer that active will play a role in the future, so let's be clear about it. We believe whether it is – alternative is an active product. We are a big believer that and in some categories like in Asian equities and components and European equities and in some areas in the U.S. equity market where active returns can and shall outperform it's over index. But I think what you're seeing also is a trend that iShares are taking some share away of people buying individual stocks.  That's one thing that I think – and maybe iShares is taking away from buying individual bonds. These are things that the dynamics that are changing, we are seeing more investors talk about asset allocation instead of individual stocks, and I think probably the most – more than I want to just allude to, obviously the last four months we've seen some really accelerated outflows, we, the industry, in active equities, I would not write it off over a long cycle and I would just give you a better perspective on BlackRock.  We had eight quarters in a row of positive flows. And so, I'm not – I don't know if this is a beginning of a trend, but we all should pay attention. But I do believe it is the technology of ETFs, the simplicity of ETFs, a quick, easy way of getting exposures is now driving more demand in those products, and we believe they will continue to drive demand. And as I said, we do believe the ETF business will double in size in the next five years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning, Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, how are you? Good morning.
Robert Lee: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to maybe talk a little bit about – go back to the DOL rule and a couple of things around that. I guess the first thing is, I mean it is – even though it's just kind of announced, it is a relatively short implementation or goes effective in next April which means I guess distributors have to decide soon how they're going to deal with it and what that means for you guys. So the first thing is, is there – do you have any better sense of how not so much in terms of more iShares demand but maybe from a cost or expense perspective, how you think this may flow back into BlackRock and your peers, in particular? How does distributor continue to demand kind of payment for access in a DOL world? And then maybe related to that, you did develop the Aladdin for Wealth Platform or adopted the Aladdin platform for the Wealth market; kind of curious to any update on how you're seeing the uptake on that or potential uptake on that platform in the Wealth Management market?
Laurence D. Fink: So – really good question. I don't' have much better insight than probably you do at the moment. We are having constant conversation with all our distribution partners. There are some partners who believe the DOL will be revolutionary for their business and there are some of our distribution partners who believe it's evolutionary. It does mean change for the business, and I think we're very well positioned for those changes in the business. As I said it in our first quarter results that once again, if better understanding, better outcome for the ultimate investor which leads to more investable assets out of cash, that's all good for the ecosystem of our distribution partners and really good for the asset management industry. Two, I think it's most certainly as you raise the question related to Aladdin for Wealth; most certainly I think the DOL and the responsibilities under the DOL, it's going to need a much tighter risk management oversight culture with all the clients. And we are having robust dialogues with everybody on the uptake of Aladdin for Wealth, and we'll see how that plays out. I don't have anything tangible yet to say but I will say we are in very deep dialogue, and I am very optimistic that there will be uptake for Aladdin for Wealth. And I do believe, as I said, the DOL puts much more responsibility on the firm, on the financial adviser to act in a fiduciary way. There is a big dialogue – as we know that DOL is only about retirement assets, the big dialogue is does that force an upgrading of fiduciary standards for all the business that could be debated among different people. So I don't know what it means as outcome. I think the positive side – so I'm taking this in the long run a positive for most distribution partners. I think they will have – they have to obviously have much more oversight and understanding of the client asset as a fiduciary. But I do believe that they are going to have more centralization. I think they're going to have almost more like the European model where you have CIOs who determine which mutual funds, what platform. And as you know because we talked about the European experience now for at least eight years and one of our strong positioning in Europe with that CIO model. I believe the DOL rule will move the U.S. more to a CIO model. Obviously, we know it's going to move for those that are appropriate work to a advisory model instead of a commission-based model. And for those client that have that advisory relationship it builds a deeper relationship between the client and the distribution partner, and their advisor. And I believe because our scale, our positioning, we will be a huge beneficiary of that positioning.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Hey, Larry. I want to come back to the interest rate discussion for a second. We know money-market funds have been waiving fees for some time now just because rates are so low. If medium- to long-term interest rates continue to decline, might bond funds have to start doing similar things? And if they might have to, are we getting close to having to worry about this risk?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, if anything, we've had it in that 25 basis point increase in the United States, so actually money market funds in many cases are in a better position today than they were a year ago. You're seeing, as you suggested, a flattening of the yield curve. I actually don't believe, I mean, we saw the 10 year go down to as low as what, 1.35%, and we're at 1.47% right now at I last looked, 1.46%. The two year note is still trading at 66 basis points, or approximately around that area. If the U.S. goes down that path, and we're reversing that increase, and indeed the Federal Reserve needs to ease, that's a whole different issue.  I don't see that as an outcome at this moment. I believe the U.S. economy is growing – not as well as we want it to be, but I think we will see a 2% economy this year, which would tell – and we still have plus or minus, a 5% unemployment rate in this country. So despite all of the headwinds and uncertainties, I don't see at this time, a Federal Reserve that turns itself into a central bank that has to aggressively ease. And so, it may delay their path towards normalizing of interest rates, but I don't see any possibility at this moment that they will be forced to going back into an easing mode. I think the actions of the Bank of England today is another good example. Marketplace anticipated an easing. They suggested in their commentary, that they are going to possibly ease in August, and looking for more data.  So if the UK growth rate does fall like we at BlackRock anticipate, it doesn't mean it falls worldwide. It moves around. And I would tell you very clearly, the U.S. economy is still, the area where people want to invest worldwide. And I don't see that – I don't see the atmosphere where I have to worry about money market funds in the United States any time soon. I think we're going to live in this environment of low rate for a long time though.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Just a question on the illiquid strategies, an area of growth that you guys have been flagging here. Can you talk a little bit more about the private credit space, how you're building out that part of the business, and do you feel that you have all the pieces and parts, or would you look to buy anything? And then, if you could just also touch upon some of the demand trends that you see, especially in light of this low rate environment?
Laurence D. Fink: Yes, so the private credit business is really one that is very customized, and very specific to the institutional investor, that is looking to find uncorrelated investments in the marketplace that you'd say are a little outside of the box. And we put together a very, very strong team, that has backgrounds in private equity, in venture capital, in credit, and using all of the resources that we have. And you can imagine across BlackRock, there are so many resources and so many types of transactions that we see, we never really had a pocket of money to take advantage of those opportunities. So putting this group together, we have been able to source transactions from all across the globe for these institutional clients, that while they're a little outside of the box, the risk tolerance fits very perfectly. The return profile in most of these cases is double-digit returns, and they are not correlated at all with various parts of the market to basically diversify their portfolios. So the other part of this, which is quite interesting, is that they come in very large sizes. So these institutions that are looking to invest here, are north of $1 billion type mandates. The struggle for many institutions in this, is to get the money invested. We haven't had a problem in finding the opportunities, we just never really went after them. So this is an area that we continue to add resources to. We continue to use and coordinate within the firm to source assets for this, and we’re very optimistic. And quite frankly, when we’re sitting down with a lot of the large institutions, this is exactly what they’re looking for. And I might add, one of the things that we’re going to have Mark Wiseman when he comes in, is also help us to source these assets. Because at his previous job, he is one of the guys that’s in the forefront of the industry that has been able to source, and find these type of investments outside of the box. So they’re very customized, long-term, very large mandates that require a significant team, significant resources. And we have it, and we’re very optimistic on this in the future.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for questions, and I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Fink for any closing remarks.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I really truly want to just say thank you for joining us, and your continued interest in BlackRock. I can promise you, we will continue to evolve our business to enhance the differentiating platform of BlackRock’s diverse and global platform. I could also proudly tell you, that our dialogue with our clients have never been deeper, more robust, and when those opportunities prevail, we will be a component of their future allocations. Our relentless focus on always improving the Firm will drive that future growth, and we’ll continue to create that long-term value for you as our shareholders, and I believe we’re in a good position to do that. With that, have a good quarter. Hopefully, it will be a little less volatile in, the remainder of the quarter, but it started off as a really good quarter for BlackRock. Thanks. Have a good one.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence D. Fink - Chairman & CEO Gary S. Shedlin - CFO Robert S. Kapito - President Christopher J. Meade - General Counsel
Analysts: Dan Fannon - Jefferies Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Bill Katz - Citigroup Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Brennan Hawken - UBS Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2016 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin, President, Robert S. Kapito and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I’m Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results, may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, let’s begin.
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Chris and good morning everyone. It’s my pleasure to present results for the first quarter of 2016. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I’ll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. As usual, I will be focusing primarily on as adjusted results. In the context of continued market challenges over the last 12 months including global equity markets down high single-digits, emerging markets and natural resources each down over 20%, and a continuation of a low and in many cases negative rate environment. The differentiation in strength of BlackRock’s broad global investment platform enabled us to deliver another quarter of positive organic asset growth. While, we are not immune to market headwinds, consistent organic growth and prudent expensed business allowed us to deliver relatively stable base fees and increase margins from a year ago and continue to consistently return capital to shareholders. Our first quarter results highlights the value of the investments we’ve made to assemble the industry’s broadest offering of an active and indexed investment products, and to deliver differentiated customized investment solutions of our clients. The diversity of our platform positions us to serve our clients’ needs in a variety of market environments, helping to drive consistent and differentiated organic growth. As we stated last quarter, we remain committed to investing in a number of strategic initiatives that will further enhance our client value proposition and generate long-term value for shareholders. Doing so requires us to be smarter at reallocating resources in challenging markets. With that in mind this quarter we undertook restructuring to streamline and simplify the organization. For the goal of efficiently optimizing growth, it will also create new opportunities for our strongest people. This resulted in a restructuring charge of $76 million during the quarter, primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards or approximately 400 impacted employees. This charge appears as a single line expense item on our GAAP income statement and has been excluded from our as adjusted results. First quarter revenue of $2.6 billion was 4% lower than a year ago. While operating income of $1 billion was down 3%. Earnings per share of $4.25 declined more significantly versus the prior year quarter driven by a one-time non-operating gain in a lower effective tax rate a year ago. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $8 million of net investment gains and decreased from the first quarter of 2015 due to lower marks in the current quarter and a $40 million one-time non-cash gain related to the acquisition of BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors in last year’s first quarter. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 29.6% compared to 23.7% a year ago reflecting several favorable non-recurring items. We continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax rate for the remainder of 2016, though the effect of the actual tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring items that could arise during the year. BlackRock’s first quarter results reflected $36 billion long-term net inflows, representing an annualized organic growth rate of 3% and demonstrated the continued resilience of BlackRock’s differentiated business model. Flows were positive across both active and indexed and across regions as positive momentum in March more than offset a slow start to the year. While organic based fee growth for the quarter was 2% lagging organic asset growth of strong fixed income flows were offset by outflows from higher fee equity products. Over the last 12 months BlackRock’s organic based fee growth still remains above our long-term organic AUM growth. First quarter base fees were down 1% year-over-year as organic AUM growth of $118 billion over the last 12 months partially offset the impact of $148 billion of negative market and FX movement. Sequentially base fees were down 4% despite positive organic growth over the quarter as first quarter average AUM declined from fourth quarter level due to significant market declines in January and early February. Market improvements that occurred at the end quarter had a limited impact on first quarter base fees, but should act as a tailwind as we move into the second quarter. In a difficult period for the Hedge fund industry, with the HFRF index down 2% in the quarter, performance fees of $34 million decreased significantly from a year ago, driven by declines in fees associated with single strategy hedge funds, funded hedge funds and certain long only equity products. Underperformance during the first quarter may have a negative impact on performance fees for the full year as certain quarterly locking funds are below high watermarks, while others lock based on trailing 12 months performance periods. BlackRock’s solutions revenue of $171 million was up 16% year-over-year and flat sequentially. Our Aladdin business which represented 82% of BRS revenue in the quarter grew 12% year-over-year driven by several sizable clients going live on the Aladdin platform in 2015. We continue to see strong market demand from institutional asset management and owners, as they look to consolidate global investment platforms and invest across multi-asset class portfolios. Additionally a rapidly changing regulatory and technology environment is driving accelerated conversations with retail intermediary about leveraging both Aladdin and the FutureAdvisor capabilities in the wealth management space. Non-Aladdin BRS revenue was up $9 million year-over-year although down $3 million sequentially due to completion of a number of assignments in last year's fourth quarter. Our Financial Markets Advisory business continues to reflect a more stable revenue profile driven by a higher level of repeat engagements and is well positioned to benefit to changes in the regulatory landscape affecting financial institutions and official sector clients worldwide. Other revenue was down $12 million year-over-year primarily due to lower earnings from equity method investment. Total expense decreased 4% year-over-year and 8% sequentially driven primarily by lower compensation and G&A expense. Employee compensation benefit expense was down $32 million or 3% year-over-year reflecting lower incentive compensation driven primarily by lower performance fees partially offset by a higher headcount. Sequentially compensation and benefit expense was down 4% reflecting lower incentive compensation, partially offset by higher employee payroll taxes and an increase in stock-based compensation expense related to grants of prior year awards. Looking forward, despite the first quarter restructuring and assuming stable markets, we currently anticipate ending the year with higher total headcount than we have today, but with a compensation to revenue ratio modestly lower than 2015. G&A expense was down 6% year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower discretionary marketing and promotional spend and an increased benefit from the impact of foreign exchange re-measurement. Sequentially G&A expense decreased $92 million, primarily reflecting the seasonal and discretionary impact of lower marketing and promotional expense, reduced foreign exchange re-measurement expense and $23 million of deal related expense associated with strategic transactions executed in last year's fourth quarter. As discussed last quarter, we remain extremely expense aware in the current market environment, and we will continue to be prudent with our discretionary G&A spend. At present and again assuming stable markets, we currently anticipate full year 2016 G&A expense to be approximately in line with 2015 results. Our first quarter as adjusted operating margin of 41.6% was up 40 basis points year-over-year and flat sequentially. BlackRock’s ability to generate positive year-over-year operating leverage in a negative beta environment highlights our commitment to prudently managing expense, while continuing to invest for future growth. We remain committed to using our cash flows to optimize shareholder value type first to be investing in our business and then returning excess cash to shareholders. In line with that commitment, we anticipate closing the Bank of America Global Capital Management transaction later this month, assuming investment management responsibilities for approximately $87 billion of related cash and liquidity AUM. We previously announced the 5% increase in our quarterly dividend to $2.29 per share of common stock and also repurchased an additional $300 million worth of shares in the first quarter. We saw an opportunity to modestly increase our level of share repurchases during the quarter as a sizable market moves and changes in the valid valuation of our stock in January and February created an attractive buying opportunity. We stand by the guidance we previously provided in last year’s fourth quarter as it relates to share repurchases for the reminder of the year. First quarter long-term net inflows $36 billion reflected the diversity of our platform, those were positive and in active in index and across all regions. BlackRock’s global retail franchised from minor long-term net outflows as positive flows in the United States were broadly offset by international outflows. BlackRock’s U.S. retail business generated long-term net inflows of $1 billion. Demonstrating resilience to what was a challenging quarter for the domestic fund industry, with the U.S. actively mutual funds experiencing negative flows during the first quarter for the first time since the financial crisis. BlackRock’s flows were driven by strong long-term investment performance across our fixed income platform, including flows into our total return, high yield and strategic municipal opportunities funds all of which are performing at a top quartile for the trailing five year period. International retail net outflows of $1 billion were primarily related to outflows in international equities and multi-asset funds, amid market uncertainty and industry-wide derisking. These flows were partially offset by inflows into our natural resources franchise which benefited from commodities re-risking during the quarter. Global iShares generated over $24 billion of net in the business from the first quarter representing 9% annualized organic growth at a record fixed income net inflows of $27 billion, partially offset by outflows from developed market equities. Our institutional business generated $12 billion from long-term net inflows in the first quarter, driven by higher fee active offerings. Institutional active net inflows of $11 billion represents the eight consecutive quarter of positive active flows for the business and reflected BlackRock’s strong multi-asset capabilities and top-performing fixed income platforms. Multi-asset inflows reflected solutions-based findings particularly in the insurance outsourcing space and demand for our LifePath Target Date Funds. Fixed income net inflows were led by flows into investment grade strategies. Institutional active equity outflows of $2 billion reflected outflows in our fundamental equities business, partially offset by inflows into our scientific active equity business where 98% of assets are continuing to perform above benchmark on a trailing five year period. In addition, we had another strong fund raising quarter for illiquid alternatives, raising more than $1.5 billion in commitments and now have $12 billion in committed capital to deploy for clients. Illiquid alternatives remain a key area of growth for BlackRock as our institutional clients increasingly search for additional sources of income and uncorrelated returns. Institutional index of $1 billion of net flows are strong inflows into LDI strategies were partially offset by outflows from index equities. Overall, our first quarter results reflect the benefits in the investments we’ve made to building differentiated global business model and our ability to effectively navigate expenses in a challenged beta environment. Diversification across investment style, distribution channel, products and geographies enables us to serve clients irrespective of the market environment or investment performance. We’ll continue to be mindful of the trade-off between growth and margin looking to strike the right balance between investing in key strategic initiatives and optimizing expenses. Our goal remains to deliver consistent and differentiated organic AUM growth overtime. With that turn I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, Gary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call. Our first quarter results demonstrates that BlackRock continues to earn our clients’ trust in an uncertain market environments, as we manage risk and deliver investment solutions to achieve our clients’ long-term investment goals. Economic, social and geopolitical instability drove dramatic market swing in the first quarter. Here is a global recession and the risk of Chinese currency devaluation drove stocks lower to start the year. Investors continue to struggle to digest lower energy prices, negative rate spreads in Europe and Japan, and uncertainty grew from political development country including the United States, Germany, Spain, Brazil and the pending vote in the UK on whether to lead the European Union. Cushing global markets down more than double-digit percentages in the opening weeks of the year. In February stabilizing commodity prices a more dovish commentary from the Federal Reserve helps spark a risk on rotation. Despite continued policy uncertainties and questions surrounding global growth. As Gary mentioned, given the fact that we earned fees on average AUM, we did not realize much of the financial benefit of the market upswing in the first quarter, while we’re positioned to benefit from the tailwinds going into the second quarter. It is especially in times like this marked by volatility and investor uncertainty that more clients are looking to BlackRock for their investment guidance. Our goal is not to just sell them individual products, but rather to understand the client’s objectives, their needs and to fashion a cohesive solution that helps achieve those goals. While many firms claim to do the same, no other asset manager draws on the same breadth of active index and alternative strategies. Investment styles across asset classes and regions, risk management and technology and focus on long-term solutions. These capabilities combined with the talent and fiduciary culture of the BlackRock team enables us to have a deeper conversation with the client. As they make important decisions around portfolio construction and asset allocation. This heightened level of client engagement is translating into consistent growth with $36 billion of long-term net new flows in the quarter representing 3% organic growth, driven by our strength in iShares and institutional active. The fact that we are again seeing such diverse inflows in this very volatile market, speaks to the power of our platform we’ve built overtime. We consistently invested in the capabilities to meet the involving needs of our clients and we will continue to invest to helping our clients, so we could show future growth in the quarters to come. As clients increasingly look to ETFs as alternatives, the individual stocks and bonds, derivatives and mutual funds, we continue to grow our iShares business to meet their needs. Investors turn to iShares in the first quarter as they navigated tight volatility and our ETF business saw $24 billion of net flows. As was the case for the full year in 2015, BlackRock captured the number one market share of net new business globally in the United States and in Europe. And the number one market share in fixed income. Two global iShare priorities drove our inflows, first was fixed income. BlackRock has been building our fixed income ETF capabilities for several years. We now manage more than $290 billion in fixed income iShares, which as a standalone franchise would represent the fourth largest ETF there in the industry. After seeing $50 billion in fixed income inflows for the full year of 2015, this quarter we generated record quarterly net inflows of $27 billion. Risk-off sentiment initially drove demand for U.S. treasuries and as the market conditions improved client added to their U.S., European credit exposures. We see significant growth ahead for fixed income iShares, a widening range of clients are adopting fixed income iShares as diversified efficient investment tools and as substituted for cash and derivatives as bank balance sheets continue to be shrunk. Despite rapid growth fixed income ETFs currently only have one-tenth of the share of global bond market assets that equity ETF have in the global equity markets, offering a significant opportunity to increase the penetration in $100 trillion global fixed income market. The second priority is smart beta, BlackRock is investing in factors and factor products that we believe will become increasingly important as asset allocation tools and alternatives through traditional beta or lower outlook capture active strategies and BlackRock now manages more than $125 billion across a range of factor based solutions. Our iShares minimum volatility products raised nearly $7 billion globally in the quarter, leading the ETF industry’s smart beta category and increasing our smart beta ETF AUM to $67 billion. Additionally, our newer single factors products have started to achieve scale at 5 billion and we are now bringing multi-factor iShares to market top complete our offering. In our institutional business, first quarter net inflows of $12 billion were driven by strong active fixed income and multi-asset flows. As the investments we made to diversify our institutional platform are generating results. As we strengthen the diversity of our institutional platform overtime, they are deepening our existing client relationships and more than 50% of BlackRock’s largest institutional clients now have five or more products managed by BlackRock. For those who have been in our investors since 2009 when we did the BGI merger, we have talked about this in great detail as one of the merits of why we thought the merger would work. At that time, we had less than 20% of our clients having more than one product. And so one of the quarter results than why I truly believe our positioning, our penetration with our clients is through this metrics of how many products we have in terms of positioning ourselves with our clients, and once again I’ll repeat it again because I am very proud of it, and that’s more than 50% of our largest institutional clients have more than five or more products managed by BlackRock. We saw institutional active fixed income net inflows of nearly $11 billion driven by flows from financial institutional clients. As we further expand our relationships with these clients through our solution orient approach. BlackRock’s financial institutional team continues to deliver differentiated investment strategy for these financial institutions, especially in this extended low and negative rate environment. In alternatives where we invested to strengthen the diversity and quality of our platform, we generated more than $1.5 billion of additional illiquid commitments. In the last several years, we have expanded our capabilities in our real estate platform, including infrastructure and real estate. Real estate, real assets especially infrastructure provide clients with the ability to achieve long-term financial goal, while helping to creating more fertile long-term investment environment. Hopefully by generating jobs and aligning the longer time of horizon afforded by greater longevity. BlackRock currently manages more than $30 billion in real assets across our global multi-products platform. BlackRock’s solutions revenue grew 16% year-over-year led by Aladdin, our unifying technology platform. We are seeing growing demand from clients, as asset owners and managers our focusing on risk management. And they are now learning to utilize more risk management as they adapt to the regulatory changes. As the retail marketplace evolves, we are also seeing increasingly opportunities to provide our distribution partners with institutional quality asset allocation, risk management and digital advice capabilities. BlackRock is also intensifying our efforts to leverage the industry’s most advanced technologies to enhance client service to build better investment products and portfolios and importantly to identify new and better sources of alpha. On the distribution side, FutureAdvisor, which operates within BlackRock Solutions allows us to strengthen relationships with our distribution partners by offering our clients high quality technology enabled advice backed by BlackRock’s broad investment platform, our Aladdin risk analytics, our proprietary retirement technology and our longstanding experience as an enterprise technology partner to other financial institutions. We’re seeing growing demand from our intermediary partners for BlackRock FutureAdvisor solution including our latest partnership we announced yesterday. On the investment side, BlackRock’s investment team including our active equity, our model based fixed income and our multi-asset strategy teams continue to expand their use of technology based tools and research methodologies to produce investment insights that contribute to sustainable consistent alpha generation. These tools include things such as machine learning, natural language processing and scientific data visualization. In these challenging beta environments, our clients look to us more than ever to deliver the investment performance they need to meet their liabilities and their financial goals. We maintain a constant focus on enhancing alpha generation across our platform ended with a quarter with 89% of our fixed income, 97% of our scientific active equity and 52% of our fundamental active equity products above market or peer medium for the five year period. The investments that we’re making to leverage technology across our platform are a part of BlackRock’s focus on continuously solving our client’s long-term challenges. As I discussed in my annual letter to shareholders earlier this week and a letter I sent in January to CEO’s of companies we invest in on behalf of our clients. It is critical that companies focus their strategy on the long-term and clearly articulate their plans for long-term growth and in the context of the environment and the ecosystem in which they operate. Just as we continue to invest for the long run, we are constantly evaluating our ecosystem in which we operate, including the markets, regulatory environment, the competitive landscape to identify the changes that might require us to pivot our strategy. Last week the Department of Labor published their Fiduciary rule which has implications for our clients and our own business. While we’re currently reviewing the final role to thoroughly assess its implications, we are likely to see changes in our distribution partners’ accounts and fee structures, their product preferences and importantly their use of technology, to both build portfolios for clients at the manager increased risk and most importantly their compliance needs. BlackRock believes in the importance of always acting as a Fiduciary to our clients and doing so is one of the core principles that we founded our firm upon. BlackRock has also extensive experience with adapting and helping our clients adapt, to change in the regulatory environment most recently through RDR, method in Europe for leveraging this experience directly with our distribution partners. In the U.S. as we listen to and work with them to address the challenges and the opportunities as a DOL rule presents. This is another example where the combination of the breath and dept of BlackRock's investment platform, our global footprint and experience, our focus on technology and risk management solutions, and our strong fiduciary culture differentiates the value proposition that we can deliver to our clients. They have always embraced change and we will always be looking for ways to better serve our clients, to operate work efficiently, to focus resources on strategic priorities and to create new opportunities for our strongest employees. We began 2016 by enhancing our investment platform by increasing connectivity among our investors by aligning with the evolving needs of our clients and positioning talented investment leaders to drive our success and these changes are working well. Most recently, we initiated restructuring to streamline and simplify the organization driving efficiencies across our platform to better serve our clients, to deliver returns for our shareholders. It will also create opportunities for our strongest employees. Over the last three years, we have grown our employee base by more than 20%. We added 2,500 employees to support improvements in client service and technology and enhancing alpha generation. We remained committed to investing in our business to leverage the opportunities ahead of us to drive continue to growth despite current market volatility, doing so requires making smart and unfortunately difficult decisions about allocating resources which we must us always do. While the uncertain environment we face is unsettling at times, it is also an opportunity to look out in the future to capture new alpha generating opportunities, to use technology and innovating ways and to build on our platform to serve our clients’ evolving needs, creates a continued opportunity for our employees to deliver consistent returns for our shareholders. Now let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Your first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: I guess Larry, you could expand on your DOL comments and maybe discuss in more detail what some of the changes or/and preferences that your distribution partners as you highlighted might be undertaking and maybe just kind of characterize how well prepared you think the industry is for these changes coming forth?
Laurence D. Fink: Well let's start up with the contacts for a second. Well probably most importantly BlackRock has supported the changes to the financial ecosystem, if we can enhance confidence with investors, I believe through that mechanism is going to increase and promote more investing, less savings in their bank accounts. So the more investing and the more money clients are putting to work with greater confidence and then it's a benefit actually for the entire industry. And I think that’s one of the big points that haven't been part of a dialog and I think that’s a really important point. We need to have more investor confidence, I think one of the great problems we have with longevity, we in human agent process and importantly with the inability of so many people investing what I would call properly too much cash by their over emphasis in bonds. If they believe the DOL rules will give them better transparency, better certainty that we are treated like, and they invest more money for the long run. It's better for the country, it's better for their financial future and it's really very good for the entire industry. And I think that message is totally lost in the conversation. Directly to the issue around how this is going to play out, first of all, it's a very lengthy rule, it's going to take a quite some time for everyone to determine, how it meets their business model. But I would say to position BlackRock given the breath of our product platform in both active and index and the investments we made in technology and I really want to underscore technology and risk management. We are having really deep conversations with more of our distribution partners and helping them work on solutions for them and their clients. It's still too early to determine the outcome for the DOL rule more broadly, but I think we are as better positioned than any organization. I do believe it's going to require much greater compliance and risk management so it is very powerful for Aladdin platform. We believe it can be very powerful for our entire BlackRock solutions product suite, including FutureAdvisor and I think if it means more business than in passive we will be benefited, if it means more business in active we’re going to be benefiting too, so I will just leave it at that and I actually have a happy general council with that answer. Sorry Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: So BlackRock has been in the press with the lay-offs indicated and also some of the hiring that you’re pursuing and you mentioned in the prepared remarks asset or resource allocation changes. From a higher level perspective can you give us the sense of may be what’s getting less and what’s getting more in terms of resources. And in particular I’m interested in the resource increases you’re making to technology, what I think you highlighted in your letter to shareholders. So both as it relates to the how Aladdin is going to evolve, as well as how you’re thinking about expanding other technology related services to clients?
Laurence D. Fink: Yes let my allow Gary to answer that and then I’ll give a little color after that.
Gary S. Shedlin: Great, Ken thanks so much, so Ken I think as you started out as we stated last quarter, we’re really, we are maintaining our commitment to investing in a variety of strategic initiatives that will further enhance our client value proposition and generate long-term value for shareholders. And obviously we’re all mindful that in challenging markets as Larry and I both have said that we need to make tougher and smarter decisions especially when it comes to reallocating those invest dollars. And one thing I want to make very clear is this restruction was not about cost cutting, it was about streamlining and simplifying the organization so that we can use those savings to reinvest more efficiently in those strategic growth areas, and as mentioned also to create new stretch opportunities for our strongest people. It’s important to understand that we’re really not deemphasizing any particular business, rather I would say we’re looking to ensure that the foundation of our businesses are really running it as efficiently as possible so we can take those reallocated resources and maximize our investment in the higher growth areas that you mentioned. I say there are probably four or five of those and I will let Larry and Rob in particular to chime in and many of those have been mentioned in some of the remarks today. Illiquid alternatives in particular the real asset platform which includes our infrastructure business factor based Larry mentioned over $125 billion there across smart beta and enhanced factor products. A sustainable investing where we have $200 billion across exclusionary screens, ESG factors and impact of that. Obviously continuing to invest in our iShares business which we believe continues to have significant runway in growth from both new users and importantly fixed income which Larry also mentioned in this comments. And then you mentioned technology as well and I think before that Larry comment the issue there on technology is it really impacts everything we do across the organization, it impacts how we invest in particular big data and alike scheme learning, language and alike that Larry mentioned which is importantly critically important for improvements in our active platform, as well as technology to enhance serving our clients whether it be to allow them for wealth FutureAdvisor and the others. So I think those are a number of the areas that we’re really looking to make sure that we’re continuing to see because we think there is incremental and differentiated growth available to us.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just add one more point because I think Gary said it pretty clearly probably said it better than I could, that is can’t underscore enough how the ecosystem is changing, that’s going to require more of capital market participants of your insurance company or asset managers, they are going to -- the need for better risk management technology is slowly increasing. The need for better interfacing with clients is only going to be more and more important. And I do believe we have great solutions at BlackRock to help and assist these organizations in terms for them to raise their bar to be a stronger fiduciary towards our clients. And so we believe our Aladdin system, our FutureAdvisor product are going to be, we’ll see even more accelerated growth, if we can handle the growth, but importantly also as we are -- we believe there is a great need to develop better information flows for better investment insights and so these are the areas where we are really emphasizing, where we are growing alongside the areas that Gary discussed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz: You mentioned twice now of the focus on smart beta, can you just elaborate a little bit more on that, may be take us down level in terms of product geography and even pricing and then just anecdotally we have been hearing that some distributors have been anticipating invoking a rev share for ETFs so we are wondering if could comment on what you might be seeing there as well?
Laurence D. Fink: Sure, I am going to let Rob talk about it.
Robert S. Kapito: Well when there are you know when we have this type volatility people are looking to add alpha in other ways. And the smart beta category is one of these ways. We have made some very substantial hires in this area. We have hired the person that wrote the book in this area and this is Dr. Andrew Ang and he is the Head of our factor based strategies group and he is going to help us to grow our presence in this group and he has already had significant experience with some of our largest clients in the portfolio construction using a very established model based investment skill. And when we combine what he has done with the analytical power that we have with Aladdin, we think that we’re able to offer some of the best solutions to our clients. So this is a way of breaking down the performance within an active category to areas that can provide that additional performance. Now we currently managed about 125 billion in these factor based strategies and within that about 150 billion is smart beta. So we think this is going to grow BlackRock’s iShares, smart beta ETFs are leading the industry now with about 8.5 billion of net inflows in the first quarter, including about 7 billion into the iShares minimum volatility strategies. So these are in asset strategies that take advantage of various sectors and factors in the marketplace and additional value. So we’re adding a lot of people in this category, adding a lot of technology. And we think that it’s going to be a very good way a successful way for our active managers to add additional alpha.
Laurence D. Fink: Bill to add one more point, you asked about geography. We’ve had dialogues in probably every region in the world. The demand for information of connectivity and health related to this is beyond our imagination. It’s from Asia to all throughout Europe, Middle East and all throughout the Americas. It is so much on the minds with our investors as a way of rethinking how they invest. I think this will become a larger component of the landscape of investing and investors are going to utilize us with separate accounts, they are going to utilize these types of products through ETFs. But the application and understanding the analysis is really shocking how much people are interested studying this and hopefully the enormity of our meetings is going to translate into future flows.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Could you talk a little bit about how you see negative rates around the world impacting asset allocations and also touch upon how you’re managing your bond funds and vehicles for negative rates and the opportunity set for BlackRock here in particular on the multi-asset front?
Gary S. Shedlin: Well I did write quite a bit about it this week in my annual letter which is getting beyond what I thought sort of in terms of commentary by any publications worldwide. Well negative rates, if you think about 70% of our clients more, our pension funds, I was some form of retirement and insurance companies. We hear worldwide how negative interest rates or low interest rates have been impactful in how they are actually harming their objectives of attaining an asset base to meet their liability needs. In fact last week, we were with one of the largest New York State funds, a U.S. State funds, not in New York State funds, one of the largest U.S. State funds it happened to be in New York City after our meeting we had and they were in the top deciles of performance last year and because of lower negative interest rates and their discounting rate, they actually deteriorated their asset and liability gap. We’re hearing this worldwide, we’re hearing from savers worldwide they’re not going to meet the needs of building their pool of savings to meet the needs of retirement. We’re hearing some insurance companies that they’re going to have a really hard time meeting their liabilities. And so as they are looking for more advice, importantly what we saw especially in the first six weeks of the year when you had major selling pressure in many components of the world. We saw huge insurance company interest in buying we saw widening of spreads, we talk about infrastructure if we could find large opportunities for infrastructure globally we have the demand, so clients are looking for more opportunities, they are looking to invest in different types of products. I believe our platform is giving us more connectivity with our clients. And I do believe this by shareholder, Larry stated, I believe a lower negative interest rates has served a great purpose in the short run. But I don’t believe lower negative interest rate was supposed to be a permitted feature of the investment landscape. We are now entering the eighth year, and I believe that we are going to have a stronger more robust economy and the IMS has lowered their forecast even more, all right. I think the fifth time in a row we are going to need a policy of responses by governments. And I think the dependency on Central Bank behavior is one of the problems that we have in the world and we need policy of response by governments related to fiscal policy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: So just wanted to touch base quickly on, how much momentum you guys are seeing in some of the structural changes that you all have spoken in the past about as far as bond ETFs and allowing owners to treat them not just as equity but rather as fixed income? Are you guys seeing any momentum there, are you getting in-roads not only from the customer base but potential regulatory getting over potential regulatory hurdles, what's the outlook there?
Gary S. Shedlin: So this is probably the largest growth area that we are experiencing right now and what we expect to experience going forward. I think it's actually quite incredible the amount of cash that’s sitting in banks today, earning zero and that money has typically vanished from the fixed income market. And in order to have access to fixed income, our clients are using more and more ETFs because of all the features that they see which is the liquidity, the low cost, the tax efficiency and it's just easier access and this is where the money is going to flow first, and most people have more their money in fixed income than they do in equities anyway. So this has been the growth in the first quarter, we are set by having a wide variety of types of fixed income ETFs that they can invest in and we do see a lot more secondary trading that is going on in these. But we are seeing investment grade and high yield profit bond ETF assets under management grow from about 5 billion to 165 billion and that’s from 2007 through 2015. And this is going to be a very strategic growth area for us and as Larry cited in his opening, we saw a record 27 billion of net inflows into the fixed income ETFs in the first quarter. So this is really, I think the big growth area. We have a very long-term history at BlackRock in fixed income, and we are using that historical background in the technology that we build to even enhance our reputation more in this business.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just like to add one more thing. As ecosystem of bonds and secondary bonds and liquidity continues to be changing and we are seeing phase of more illiquidity. The utilization of ETFs has a mechanism to find liquidity and to have the ability to navigate the factors that impact valuations of fixed income whether that’s duration or in subsidy or credit, a navigation with the utilization of ETFs is going to -- it enhances the opportunities for returns and so we believe as I said in my prepared remark, the utilization, the implementation of fixed income as a fixed income ETFs as a component of the fixed income strategy that clients are employing are going to be larger and larger in the coming years.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: So just on the back of the BRS FutureAdvisor win this week, I am just wondering if you can help us to think about the underlying economics for the business-to-business global advisor platform, and then also think about what type of products they will be using in this platform?
Laurence D. Fink: I will let Gary answer that then I will spin a color for it later.
Gary S. Shedlin: So there is a variety of different drivers of momentum behind this, Craig. We talked about technology is having increasingly a significant impact on the retail space. And obviously we are enhancing our technology for our retail clients. FutureAdvisor is just one, where we are foreseeing the digital, this type of a digital end, but we are also using and leveraging Aladdin to bring portfolio construction, and risk analytics tools to financial advisors as well as private bankers and we are doing that with a number of different areas of growth whether it be Aladdin portfolio or to the portfolio of construction services or Aladdin for wealth accordingly. And we are streamlining our sales process used with technology and to enhance yielding greater efficiency and effectiveness through doing that. FutureAdvisor in particular which as you know operates within BlackRock solutions allows us to strengthen relationships with our distribution partners by offering their clients high quality technology enabled device. And most importantly backed by BlackRock’s broad investment platform or Aladdin risk analytics, our proprietary retirement technology and obviously our longstanding experience as enterprise technology partners to other financial institutions, I think that is probably the key differentiating factor for us at the moment because what we are noticing whether it’s the commercial arrangement announced this week or some others that frankly we have signed but haven’t publically announced. This looks like a very long-term and complicated implementation that frankly is exactly what we have been doing with Aladdin over the last couple of decades. And so while there are certain competitors I think we are trying to mimic or follow or in many cases replicate the type of strategies that we are doing here. The real difference is that we have been involved in client implementation very complex client implementations for a significant period of time and I think that is really going to be the differentiating factor. As it relate to the economics, the economic on these things are frankly very much customized in some aspects, there are platform fees, there are implementation fees, in some cases there are minimum fees, there will be underlying of management fees to the extent that the client chooses to either use our own model or populate those models with iShares. But importantly we are looking to customize it as much as we can to meet our intermediary partners’ objectives, so we have signed which we haven’t announced although we have signed four contracts. Already but we are in dialogue with many more without citing the number, name more institutions are interested. I think Gary, Craig said it very clearly think of this is an Aladdin implementation. Margins were quite low for the first during the implementation stage. In some cases there is as you know there was more expenses than revenues in the early year. And as it's being implemented then -- and the utilization and we have all the other service fees, it starts throwing off and generating depending on the utilization, we hope large fee increases. But more importantly we also believe having this linkage created a deeper connection with our clients and our distribution partners. So it's not just the singularity of having worked products through these types of channels, but it is also deeper more consistent connection with these clients. And so this is one of the reasons why we saw earlier than anyone related to the connectivity that digital advice can give for us with our distribution partners. And so we are very excited about it. I would also say that it’s the desire, the demand, the interest, the request for presentations is far greater than we ever imagined.
Operator: Your last question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Larry just may be if you can drew in on the define contribution business, you have I think about a 9% plus market share of that in organic growth which is very strong for you, and last year it was a 6% pace, maybe if you can elaborate on whether you think the Department of Labor rules longer term will accelerate the shift to DCIO and how do you think behaviors which means among planned sponsors and how you are positioning in the second half?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, the first of all, we are just interpreting what the DOL have said related to DC and I am going to let Rob answer it. But more importantly it looks to us that you are not going to see rollovers as fast, and people are going to stay within their define contribution plan longer. So, this is an initial view, we are studying this more and more but obviously as you suggested DC is a very important component where we are and we believe we are well positioned, I am going to let Rob discuss.
Robert S. Kapito: Yes, I think Larry said it there, I thing that the big issue with DC and you know that with a number one DCO by an industry of about 639 billion of assets under management. And what we are seeing is the increasing need for open architecture. So we are seeing the increasing need for indexed target date and also high performing active strategies and these are really trends that are driving the market share changes in the DC space. And that’s why we have been building that infrastructure to try to meet that. And now once we get a better view of the changes on how does the DOL and in terms of these I think their ability to place into that infrastructure is very, very well, but how soon the movement of assets takes place is something that we are still trying to figure out and thus you know.
Christopher J. Meade: So let me thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in BlackRock. I think our first quarter results once again highlights the investments we made to enhance and differentiate BlackRock’s diverse global platform. We’re continuing to take a long-term view. We’re trying to stay ahead of our clients’ needs. We’re trying to stay ahead of our competition. We’re trying to navigate these near-term developments in the financial economic landscape, but we’re doing this on behalf of our clients to making sure that we are providing them with a service that they require from us, a more volatile world it plays to our advantage that clients are looking for BlackRock by providing more information, by helping them navigate the complexity that we’re living in a world of a low and negative interest rates. And we’re trying to help them navigate the balance between investing in more illiquid products to achieve the yields and the returns that they need and the balance of how to build a better financial future for all our clients. I think we have done that in the first quarter and we’re doing that again in the second quarter. Look forward to seeing and hearing from all of you at the end of the second quarter. Have a good April-May-June.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence D. Fink - Chairman & CEO Gary S. Shedlin - CFO Robert S. Kapito - President Christopher J. Meade - General Counsel
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Michael Carrier - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Luke Montgomery - Bernstein Research Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs William Katz - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning. My name is Britney, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2015 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Christopher J. Meade. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Meade, you may begin your conference.
Christopher J. Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results, may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, let's begin.
Gary S. Shedlin: Good morning. Thanks, Chris. Happy New Year to everybody. Its my pleasure to be here to present our fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. As usual, I will be focusing primarily on as adjusted results. In a year characterized by significant market and FX volatility, 2015 was another strong year for BlackRock as we generated industry leading organic growth, maintain stable operating margins, while continuing to invest in our business and return to approximately $2.6 billion of capital to our shareholders, representing a total payout ratio of 77%. The differentiation and strength of BlackRock’s diverse global investment platform, once again enabled us to generate consistent and stable financial results, allowing us to continue playing offense despite global macro uncertainty. We saw strong results from our core business areas and remain committed to investing in a variety of strategic initiatives that will further enhance our client value proposition and generate long-term value for our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, BlackRock generated operating income of $1.1 billion and earnings per share of $4.75. Full-year operating income of $4.7 billion, increased 3% versus a year-ago and earnings per share of $19.60, were up 1% which included the impact of a higher tax rate in 2015. Non-operating results for the quarter included $46 million of net investment gains, primarily driven by $35 million unrealized gain on a strategic private equity investment. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 30% compared to a tax rate of 25.4% a year-ago that reflected $39 million of non-recurring discrete tax benefits. We continue to estimate that 31% remains a reasonable projected tax rate for 2016, reflecting changes in our geographic business mix, though the actual effect of tax rate may differ as a consequence of non-recurring items that could arise during the year. BlackRock’s fourth quarter results were driven by $54 billion of long-term net new business, representing an annualized organic growth rate of 5% and the third highest low quarter in BlackRock’s history and reflects resilience of our differentiated business model. For the full-year of 2016, BlackRock generated long-term net new business of $152 billion, representing a 4% long-term organic AUM growth rate and a 6% organic base fee growth rate as faster growth in our higher fee retail and iShares businesses contributed to a favorable overall change in our base fee mix. Long-term net inflows were diversified by asset class and investment style with positive flows across these categories for the full-year. BlackRock continue to deliver top line growth despite the challenging market. As fourth quarter revenue of $2.9 billion and full-year revenue of $11.4 billion were both 3% higher than a year-ago. Organic growth and improved investment performance drove increases in base fees, performance fees and Aladdin revenue, all of which reached record levels in 2015. Fourth quarter and full-year base fee each grows 3% year-over-year, primarily driven by organic growth, despite over a $150 billion of negative FX impact and market depreciation on our AUM over the last 12 months. FX was a significant drag in 2015 and we estimate that full-year base fees grew 6% versus 2014 levels on a constant currency basis. Sequentially, quarterly base fees were essentially flat, despite positive organic growth due to a lower fourth quarter AUM entry rate, the continued impact of divergent data on our fee rate as emerging and commodities markets once again underperform developed markets and ongoing dollar appreciation against foreign currencies. Performance fees for the fourth quarter were $169 million, up 17% from a year-ago, driven by our broad suite of active offerings, but down $39 million sequentially due to a single hedge fund that delivered exceptional full-year performance and locked in the third quarter. Full-year performance fees of $621 million rose 13% versus 2014, evidencing strong alpha generation across our diverse investment platform. Fourth quarter of BlackRock Solutions revenue of $171 million was up 1% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. Full-year 2015 Aladdin revenue were $528 million, which represented 82% of BRS revenue, grew 11% year-over-year driven by several sizable client implementations and has more than doubled since 2009. We expect continued business momentum in Aladdin, driven by trends favoring global investment platform consolidation and multi asset risk solutions. Our financial markets advisory business ended 2015 with a $118 million in revenue. Despite lower levels of opportunistic revenue post financial crisis, FMA is benefiting from a more stable revenue profile driven by an increased number of mandates and more repeat engagements in the current market environment. Total expense for the fourth quarter rose $90 million year-over-year, driven primarily by an increase in compensation, and G&A expense. For the full-year of 2015, compensation expense increased $184 million or 5% due to higher headcount associated with our growth initiatives, higher incentive and deferred compensation partly offset by the impact of the stronger dollar. Recall that year-over-year comparisons of fourth quarter compensation expense are less relevant, because we determine compensation on a full-year basis. Fourth quarter G&A expense increased $23 million year-over-year or 6%, primarily driven by $23 million of deal related expense associated with strategic transactions executed in the quarter. Sequentially, quarterly G&A expense increased $91 million primarily reflected a planned uptick in year-end marketing and promotional spend, higher technology expense, and the previously mentioned $23 million in deal related expense. Full-year G&A expense of $1.4 billion was 2% below 2014 levels, reflecting expense awareness in a volatile market environment, not withstanding the G&A spend in the fourth quarter. If markets stabilize and given the impact of recent acquisitions on our run rate, we would anticipate a higher level -- higher annual level of G&A spend during 2016. Overall, total expense for 2015 increased 3% from a year-ago compared to a similar increase in revenue over the same period, resulting in an as-adjusted operating margin of 42.9% for the full-year, flat to our 2014 level. We remain committed to generating operating leverage in our business, and have expanded our operating margin by over 450 basis point since closing the BGI acquisition at the end of 2009. However, as we stated in the past, we also do not manage the business to a specific margin target, either quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. The diversification and stability of our business model affords us the option of investing through a market cycle to grow share. We remain keenly focused on delivering long-term value to our shareholders by striking an appropriate balance between organically investing for future growth and practical discretionary expense management. At times, our strategic investments will also begin organic. During 2015, BlackRock closed several transactions, including BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors, a domestic middle market lending platform, I Cuadrada, a Latin American infrastructure investor and Future Advisor, a digital wealth manager. In addition, on November 3, BlackRock announced an agreement to assume investment management responsibilities for approximately $87 billion of cash and liquidity AUM, currently managed by Bank of America Global Capital Management. We expect that transaction to close in the first half of 2016. During 2015, we also returned approximately $2.6 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. As we enter 2016, our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $2.29 per share of common stock, representing an increase of 5% over the prior level. Since instituting a dividend in 2003, BlackRock has grown its dividend on a compound annual growth rate of approximately 22%. We repurchased $1.1 billion of our shares in 2015, and have now repurchased approximately 10 million shares since we instituted a consistent and predictable approach to capital management in 2013. We remain committed to this approach and a similar level of share repurchase in 2016, but could increase such amounts based on potential changes to the relative valuation of our stock price. Our 2015 financial results reflect the benefits of our differentiated global business model. Fourth quarter and full-year net inflows of $54 billion and $152 billion respectively were positive in both our active and index franchises and benefited from significant flows into iShares. Global iShares generated $60 billion of net new business in the fourth quarter and record flows of $130 billion for the year; representing full-year organic growth of 13%. iShares captured the number one share of global, U.S., and European ETF industry flows for both the fourth quarter and the full-year. Record fourth quarter equity iShares inflows of $48 billion were driven by demand for U.S equities, and a broad array of developed market exposures. Fourth quarter fixed income iShares inflows of $12 billion reflected flows into core, high yield and investment grade corporate bond funds. BlackRock’s global retail franchise saw a fourth quarter inflows of $7 billion, reflecting the seasonal impact of capital gains distributions. Full-year of 2015 net flows of $38 billion representing 7% organic asset growth were driven by diversified flows across our top performing fixed income platform. International retail net inflows totaled $20 billion in 2015, and were paced by strong flows into international equities and unconstrained fixed income, allowing BlackRock to maintain its year-to-date number one ranking in cross-border mutual fund flows. U.S. retail net flows of $19 billion in 2015 demonstrated resilience in a challenging year for the U.S mutual fund industry. BlackRock’s institutional franchise had long-term net outflows of $13 billion for the quarter and $16 billion for the year as we continue to see sizeable asset allocation driven flows both into and out of low fee institutional index products. However, we also continue to benefit from demand for higher fee active offerings as clients recognize the value added alpha generating platform we’ve built across traditional and alternative active strategies. The positive fee impact of this mixed shift is in line with our growth strategy and enabled BlackRock’s institutional business to deliver organic based fee growth of 4% in 2015. We generated $4 billion of institutional flows into core alternatives during the year. Flows were broad based across a diverse alternatives platform including infrastructure, fund of hedge funds, fund of private equity funds, and alternative solutions offerings. We ended 2015 with another strong fund raising quarter for liquid alternatives raising $1 billion in new commitments. Over the last three years we’ve raised more than $17 billion in commitments and have nearly $11 billion of committed capital to deploy for our clients. Committed capital translate into flows and AUM as those dollars are invested and will be a source of future revenue growth. In summary, in a year marked by periods of increased market volatility, divergent data, and significant currency movements, our diversified business model delivered consistent financial results and allowed us to continue investing for future growth. We remain confident that BlackRock’s differentiated platform is well positioned to meet the needs of our client and shareholders in the years to come. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning everyone, and thanks, Gary. Our fourth quarter and full-year results demonstrated that in times of rapid change and market volatility, BlackRock’s diverse business model can consistently generate strong results. Over the last year, energy prices have deteriorated significantly with the price of oil dropping to levels not seen in more than a decade. Growth in China remains sluggish, so will emerging markets including Brazil, face significant political and economic challenges, and divergence of developed market monetary policies driving heightened volatility and rates, currency, and equity markets. The Federal Reserve’s action to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly 10 years marked a end of a historical period of monetary policy, a combination in the U.S and the beginning of an extended gradual tightening cycle. All of these factors are leading to a much more divergent world in 2016, while higher levels of volatility ahead, as already witnessed in the first few weeks of the year. And as the investment landscape changes, our clients need change as well. The differentiation of BlackRock’s core business model drives consistency and resilience in our results. This positions BlackRock to invest in a platform, investing in technology, investing in people, even in the most challenging and volatile times and to anticipate and adapt ahead of change, so that we’re positioned to provide our clients with investment solutions to meet their evolving needs. In a more fragmented investment landscape impacted by continual low rate, modest beta driven returns, investors will search for income, they will search for capital appreciation, through a combination of both active and alternative investments, factors, smart beta strategies, and hybrid solutions. No other firm in the world can provide all of these capabilities on a single platform, supported by superior risk management, technology, and investment performance. And this is what’s driving a deeper connectivity with our clients than ever before and once again drove BlackRock’s fourth quarter and our full-year results. BlackRock generated $54 billion of long-term net flows in the fourth quarter and a $152 billion for the year, representing annualized organic growth of 5% and 4% respectively. Flows were driven by client demand for both active and index solutions across asset categories, asset classes across regions. We saw $61 billion in growth in a year when most people talked about there is not demand for active strategies, we saw $61 billion in growth in our active strategies and $92 billion of growth in index and iShares flows. We generated flows of $53 billion in equities, $77 billion in fixed income, $17 billion in multi asset, and $5 billion in alternatives. We raised $38 billion in our retail platform, $130 billion in our iShares platforms, and in our institutional platform we raised $27 billion of active strategies that was offset by $43 billion of low fee institutional index of flows. What I’m particularly very pleased with is the platform and how broad it is and its evident in 2015 there were 13 countries where we had net inflows in excess of $1 billion. In addition in 2015, we had a record amount of 65 different retail and iShares products generating more than $1 billion in net inflows. The industry leading organic growth story at BlackRock that we delivered in 2015 is in addition that we raised a 11% growth rates in our Aladdin product. Alpha driven performance fees and expense awareness translated into positive results in both the top and bottom line, even in the face of tremendous headwinds that we saw in global equity markets and FX. BlackRock is committed in having a deep and broad understanding of the world in which we and our clients operate and invest in. Our commitment in being truly local in more than 30 countries that we operate in worldwide, completely positions BlackRock to understand our clients needs and a specific investment requirements to better help them navigate these markets. And we’re in a better position I believe than any other firm in the world to do that. The BlackRock investment institute provides a platform across regions, across asset classes, across investment styles for our investors to exchange the knowledge they built in local market, debate investment topics, share expertise with the goal of generating better alpha and managing risk for our clients. This connectivity, this worldwide connectivity also has enabled us to have a deeper dialogue and level of trust with clients around the world. This year the BlackRock investment institute touched nearly 20,000 clients globally through in person meetings, hosted conference calls and critical market events, and in in-depth publications. This knowledge and the connected tissue combined with the talent of our investment teams has contributed to a strong performance across our active platform. As of the end of the fourth quarter, 91% of our active taxable fixed income assets and 90% of our scientific active equity assets are above benchmarks or peer medium for the last three years. Throughout 2015, we continue to make progress on the revigorization and globalization of our fundamental active equity business, generating strong result for our clients with 76% of our fundamental active equity assets above benchmark or peer medium for the one-year period highlighted by the strong turnaround we seen in the performance in our flagship equity dividend fund. The strength of our active performance has translated into flows, as I said early in -- we saw $61 billion of flows in 2015 in our active strategies, despite a challenging year for active fund flows across our industry. We continue to diversify our institutional active platform and deepen existing client relationships by creating hybrid solution based strategies to solve our clients most complex investment needs. Institutional active net flows of $27 billion in 2015 were primarily driven by fixed income and multi asset solutions as institution look to BlackRock to solve their most complex investment challenges. On the retail side, the diversification of our EMEA retail business was a significant driver of results in 2015. And BlackRock saw active net inflows from retail clients led by our European equity and income, our unconstrained fixed income products, our high yield products, and our Multi Asset income products. in the United States, the breadth of BlackRock’s product suite across active index and iShares resonated with our retail clients. We remain focused on growing global iShare market share and driving market -- global market expansion, which translated into strong flows in 2015. The fourth quarter was a record quarter for iShares as investors continue to turn the BlackRock iShares franchise which generated $60 billion in net inflows across asset classes. For the quarter and for the year, iShares captured the number one share of flows in the U.S., Europe globally with 37% global market share for the full-year. 2015 iShares flows was a $130 billion, primarily driven by developed market equities and fixed income. The global core series saw flows of $46 billion representing a 23% organic growth and record fixed income flows of $50 billion was concentrated in our high yield products, including investment grade, corporate bonds, and our high yield funds. Fixed income is a strategic priority for iShares which led the industry and fixed income ETF flows for the quarter and for the year, driven by iShares consistency of having 15 of the top 25 fixed income ETFs by net flows in 2015. Fixed income market volatility rose in December and during this time the market stressed BlackRock’s flagship high yield ETF, HYG, enabled clients to transact directly with one another at known, transparent, minute-by-minute pricing with ample liquidity. More than $20 billion of HYG traded in the two weeks ending December 18 were less than $1 billion of net redemptions providing our markets and our clients’ substantial liquidity with limited impact on the underlying markets. As we look back in 2015, despite these spikes in market volatility, ETF and specifically iShares are increasingly being relied upon by clients for transparent, liquid, cost effective investment solutions. We continue to find opportunity to learn from market events to educate investors and focus on the long-term needs of our clients and iShares and across BlackRock’s platform by investing in areas that we believe will result in a more complete solutions offering for our clients and deliver value for our shareholders. Being aware of what is going on in the world around us, anticipating change and having the willingness to adapt is a critical part of our responsibility as a fiduciary to our clients.  Throughout the year BlackRock has made significant enhancements to our platform through a combination of investment for organic growth, for acquisitions, and the evolution of our talent. Technology is increasingly impacting our clients and our business. In 2015, we made investments to utilize technology to gain new investment insights and to reach our clients more effectively. We are investing in big data and tax analysis to make better portfolio management decision across our broad platform of quantitative and fundamental investment style. Factor based analysis will become more prevalent as market dispersion increases. We made significant enhancements to our smart beta and factor based investing platform, including the hiring of Andrew Young and BlackRock generated nearly $10 billion of smart beta net inflows in 2015, driven by iShares minimum vol funds. We are investing in retail technology to empower our intermediary partner for a high quality technological enabled advice capabilities to improve our clients’ investment experiences. We close on the acquisition of Future Advisor in the fourth quarter and we recently signed our first two clients, representing the first B2B contracts of their kind in the U.S digital wealth management space. We continue to see strong demand for alternative solutions as investors move beyond the boundaries of traditional strategies to investments and real estate infrastructure, other forms of real assets across the liquid platform. Our hedge fund platform has grown 9% annually over the past five years and now stands at $31 billion in AUM and we continue to invest to broaden our platform and leveraging our top performing internal talent to develop products organically as well as bringing in new managers. We remain focused on our responsibility to partner with clients and simultaneously generating long-term returns and create positive social outcomes. Over the past several years, we’ve grown our infrastructure platform to more than $7 billion. This includes the industry leading renewable power franchise, a strong infrastructure debt capability, and meaningful investments in Latin America, like our acquisition and our partnership with PEMEX. These activities offer long-term benefits to both investors and the economies, where they contribute to economic growth, contributes to the country’s job creation and most importantly it contributes to a positive environmental impact. In 2015, we continue to invest in the BlackRock impact platform which manages now more than $200 billion to provide investors with the opportunity to generate long-term competitive financial returns and positively impact society. At BlackRock embracing change has always been a core part of who we’re. Nearly every year we take a fresh look at the organization and reflect on ways to improve it. We then evolve the organization in anticipation of changes of our clients needs in anticipation of the global markets. Together with our Board of Directors, we undertake a deliberate process and effort to continually position our leaders in roles that can broaden their experience and maximize their potential both for BlackRock and our clients. This is critical in building a truly global firm. We did this in 2012 and 2014 with very positive benefits. This week again we announced a number of enhancements to our leadership team that are part of this consistent process of developing our people and evolving our organizations to meet these challenging needs. Looking at the quality of the leaders, taking on new or expanded roles, I’m incredibly proud of the depth of the talent that we’ve and I believe today we have the strongest leadership team we’ve ever had in the history of BlackRock. And it is the quality and talent of this team that allows BlackRock to deliver the performance we did in 2015, despite the vol of the markets and positions us very well for 2016. It is this team; they’re the reason that we’ve forged such a trusting relationship with our clients and why our clients are increasingly turning to BlackRock to solve their biggest financial challenges. As we head into 2016, we will continue to make investments in our future. We will continue to develop our talent and seeking ways to leverage and grow our diverse platform to meet our fiduciary responsibilities to our clients, our fiduciary responsibilities to our societies where we operate, and to deliver the returns for our shareholders. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, Larry. So first question on active bond flows. I’m just wondering, given the improvement in yields over the last six months what are you seeing across your institutional client base and how is this compared to retail where there has been a historic reaction already to high yield bond prices, bank loan prices and global bond prices where there has been a decline?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, the widening in spreads is a blessing for our insurance clients. That’s first and foremost. Insurance companies are adding to their fixed income exposures now. As I’ve commented in the past, the whole insurance industry or a good part of it is short-term liability duration and are hoping for higher rates. We haven’t seen higher rates; obviously, we are sitting here with a very low 10-year Treasury rate, but we most certainly have seen a widening in credit spreads. And I think as evidence of a few large bond issues that went public this week, we saw huge demand. And so, as spreads widen, we expect to see more demand institutionally. And as you suggested, some of the widening of spreads are the fears if higher rates are going to produce some selling possibly from retail, but we haven’t seen anything dramatic yet. We haven’t seen really any dramatic outflows on iShares yet. So, I don’t think there is any real massive change yet. And I think one thing you should be aware Craig, at this time, this is when you have the institution sitting down on their net, this year’s asset allocation. You’re going to start seeing behavior changes probably in February and March when they start doing their reallocations maybe. And so most recently one would think, in some cases some pension funds because of the decline in equities they’ll rebalance out of fixed income back in the equities as they, if they want to have consistent asset allocations. But our performance in fixed income, I think you know we had 91% of our products above peer medium over the last three years and so -- and that’s across all our European fixed income, our U.S. fixed income, our unconstrained products, our low duration products, mortgage products, high yield. And so, we’re in a pretty good position to have broad based conversations with our clients.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Larry. Just as my follow-up, I had an expense question here for Gary. Gary, G&A expenses have trended down two years in a row now. I heard your color that, I think they’re likely going to be up in ’16. But can you help us in terms of magnitude, and also given the revenue headwinds in the first quarter just from beta. Do you have any wiggle room that if things get worse you can actually maybe cut a little bit into G&A too?
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Craig. So I think -- yes, I think first of all we wanted to make sure that people understand kind of some of what went on in the fourth quarter. And as you recall, during the year we told you we’ve been under spending versus our original expectation going into the -- into 2015. And I would say that was a function initially of timing. And as the markets became more volatile during the year frankly overall expense awareness. The fourth quarter G&A was clearly higher, and in fact we booked roughly a third of our annual M&P spend in the quarter alone. And as you saw we incurred about $23 million of onetime deal expenses. Given that elevated level of G&A, the fourth quarter is clearly not representative of a good run rate for next year. Not withstanding that -- not withstanding as you saw, G&A expense was 2% below last year and I think that reflects our ability to manage the discretionary portion of our G&A expense in an uncertain market environment. And we continue to remain conscious of the tradeoff between growth and margin especially as we think about that discretionary portion of our spending in the current markets. That being said, I think that if markets stabilize and given the impact of recent acquisitions on our run rate, we would anticipate a higher level of G&A spend during the year, but there is obviously some discretion tied to that and we’ll be watching it very carefully.
Laurence D. Fink: And Craig, every year during the financial crisis and after, we do pay attention to our margins, and we navigate our expenses accordingly. And I would say that would be consistent going into 2016.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Thanks guys. Hi. How are you doing? Maybe just a question on, it seems like there was some more regulatory items on the agenda with the most recent one, maybe the SEC liquidity proposal. And I know you guys just submitted a comment letter. I just wanted to get your sense on for the industry particularly given like the market dynamics, like maybe what are the pros, what are the cons? You guys mentioned the nuances between EPS and funds. And I guess, the hard part like, I think for a lot of you who are in the industry is how to calculate some of these things based on different environments. So just given your guidance positioning, I wanted to get your thoughts on how you think this plays out, and what are some of the challenges for it?
Laurence D. Fink: This is a real difficult issue that I don’t -- I think the SEC is going to have, be broad in how they think about this issue. I think it is appropriate as an industry that we identify the risk associated to liquidity of every product. I think there should be an appropriate measurement that it’s consistent. And there should be probably different variants by product as how you think about liquidity. And I think it’s important for our investors worldwide to have some form of measurement tool so they could access the liquidity risk associated with any one product. And then you could see if there is a sharp divergence between one fund and another in terms of liquidity. I think we learned that with the Third Avenue episode earlier, this late last year with their divergence and related to liquidity and their product. So to me that is a great example where you can -- if we had some form of measurement tool, the investors who invested in products like that or funds like that could have accessed, is it, am I getting the returns necessary to offset the illiquidity that is a component of that investment strategy. So we’re pretty sympathetic to all these things. And the dilemma really arises for the SEC because, if there is some assessment of some sort of a large liquidity for every product, it really then will reduce investment dollars into the markets. It’s going to put -- it will degrade returns for retail investors. The last thing you would want is, having retail investors having degradation in their returns because we are all going to be assessing some type of liquidity threshold. And then all the institutional managers will go to a separate account that may have only a 30 day redemption features. So, the last thing I want to do is hurt retail. So, I think a measurement tool of some sort is probably correct, beyond some type of a measurement tool of having some type of cash holding, I am kind of -- I don’t have a hard fast opinion on that, but I do believe it represents some risk. And then I think there are different characteristics between liquidity of an ETF and liquidity of an open end fund. I think our application that is asked that they access and look at the characteristics differences between ETF and open end mutual funds. And we’ve recommended to the SEC to develop a separate and comprehensive rule addressing those different investment product types and their associated risks. So, this is going to be addressed probably sometime in 2016. I think there’s going to be quite a bit of time for a common period into discussion and we’ll see where this goes. But I think this is -- we are in favor of this. I mean, the one thing is important especially in an environment where markets are really unpleasant like what we’re experiencing now. One of the big issues is, whatever America is doing now with their big energy savings, are they investing for retirement? Are they sitting with more of their cash in cash? If we could have more and more investors feel comfortable that they could invest safely and soundly and they have a better understanding of the risk and characteristics of investing and understanding the liquidity of all the products. If that can then translate into more clients feeling good about investing for the outcome of the retirement, this is all good. So this is why we’re in favor of this type of narrative and dialogue. Obviously we’ll have opinions on how that will play out.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, Gary, just a quick follow-up on the expenses. The transaction cost, I know you said $23 million that’s very clear. Just in terms of the normal seasonality, in terms of what you see in fourth quarter versus the first -- fourth versus the first; what's that normal like maybe drop off unlike the marketing spend just so we, you kind of understand and you guys do that every year meaning from the first to the fourth, but I just want to make sure we get that. And then, if the markets do remain volatile and pretty challenging, is there any way of guiding in terms of the expense base whether it’s G&A or overall, what's more variable meaning you have more discretion there?
Gary S. Shedlin: Yes, I mean, I wish I could give you a better answer than you’re probably looking for here, Michael. But I think we obviously are, from an M&P standpoint we plan a spend level during the year. But frankly we react during the year and maintain appropriate flexibility to make sure that we can get the biggest bang for our dollar, and make sure that we’re not simply spending money in a time period where we don’t think people are going to be receptive to a lot of the messages. I think Larry, has talked about in volatility, a lot of investors basically may sit on the sidelines almost nothing you’re going to tell them or communicate to them is really going to change their mind. So there is an element of kind of managing it real time, and we’re going to continue to do that. So I can't really give you a whole lot of guidance there. But I think important in terms of thinking about broader margin trends. I know you’re tired of hearing me say this, but we really aren’t managing the business to a margin target either quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. We are absolutely committed as part of our financial framework to growing and delivering operating leverage. And I think we’ve shown you that we’ve done that, right? I’ll go back; I’ve said this in my opening remarks. But we’ve expanded the margin by 450 plus basis points since BGI. We’ve reinvested probably $1 billion back into the business, and we’re going to continue to commit to striking the right balance between strategic investments and managing our spent. It’s a lot easier for everyone sitting around this table candidly to cut cost than it is to invest for growth, that’s the hard part. And I think that the diversification of our model at the moment gives us the option to continue to invest through a market cycle when may others are maybe forced to pull back. But we’re not going to be blind to that. I think the key is obviously kind of watching what's going on here and trying to determine at what point it really becomes more of a near-term item and more of a mid to long-term, and then obviously we’ll react appropriately.
Laurence D. Fink: But let me add one more thing. Our success in 2015 was directly related to the investments we made in the last few years. I think our differentiated business model has much to do with these investments, and we’re going to -- I’m not suggesting we have five or six investments in mind for 2016 or ’17 or ’18. But I do believe we have to have the mindset of growing revenues through investments. And however as we -- as you witnessed when shareholders in 2008 and ’09 we managed expenses quite extraordinarily at times when you had to do that. So it’s going to be a mix. But we do have a mindset of growing the business and that’s the differentiating factor. As Gary said, it’s a lot easier to just in cutting expenses or cutting headcount, it’s a lot more bold to make the investments at the time when everybody is running away from investments and we’ll continue to look at both.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Luke Montgomery with Bernstein Research.
Luke Montgomery: Good morning.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Luke.
Gary S. Shedlin: Good morning.
Luke Montgomery: Thanks. So, organic base fee growth has been tracking steadily, and I think quite robustly at 6%. One of the key dynamics though is the fairly rapid growth of your core ETF theories and you’ve been reducing fees there. I know you’re targeting a different kind of investor with those products, but wondered whether you expect those products to eventually get enough liquidity that maybe they’ll attract more institutional interest and whether you see that as a longer term challenge to maintaining the current level of organic base fee growth?
Laurence D. Fink: Rob?
Robert S. Kapito: So, we’re going to respond to what we think investors’ needs are and certainly for the retail or buy and hold customer. They’re looking for the core series to get more specific allocations to the generic product, and we’re going to respond and we’ll respond as far as the fees go as well. But we see that continuing to grow as it gives the client much better access to that precision instrument that they’re looking for. Institutions on the other hand, I think we’ll see. We’re seeing they’re expressing first in the high yield, because they’re yield hogs and they’re looking for yield. But as we expand out the product set, I think they will be looking to invest in a core series as well. But I don’t really think that’s going to put pressure on our fees quite frankly because the institutional set looks differently at the ETF market than the buy and hold set. They’re looking for liquidity. So it’s important that we grow these particular products so they have the liquidity and they’re willing to pay for the liquidity and access into those sectors. So it started out the global core series, which has been very successful for us this year, and we’ve raised a significant amount of assets about $46 billion. I think that is going to expand institutionally. And we’re going to also buffer that with other products that institutions are looking at to get that precision investment.
Laurence D. Fink: And Luke, I might just add, just to put into perspective not withstanding the growth in core. Today iShares is a trillion one franchise and the aggregate of the core on a global basis is just -- is a little over $200 billion. So today it represents probably a little less than 20% of the overall business. And keep in mind that the average fee rate for our overall iShares business today is still in the low 30s with that 20% obviously reflecting in much lower fee rate. So it just gives you a sense of the fee rate is still in the overall book of business.
Luke Montgomery: Okay. Thanks. And then as a follow-up, just touching on the leadership changes you made recently, I was hoping perhaps you could expand on the decision to combine leadership for active equity and scientific active equity, and if you anticipate whether that could have a meaningful effect on how you’re seeking to managing active equity products?
Laurence D. Fink: Yes, so there is less distinction between the active equity business than we were getting credit for. And the scientific active equity business, it’s a business that we use signals, data and lot of quantitative screens for. And in the fundamental business we relied more upon our long-term views of the market, management, the product et cetera. And we find that, there is a tremendous amount of crossover between the two and overlap. And so rather than let, our own internal bureaucracy get in the way of the returns for the clients, we have these groups now working very closely together and understanding where the overlap is and utilizing that overlap to add additional alpha into the portfolios. So I think by having these two teams really merged together you’ll see better results and better alpha from the active equity business. And it will be much less confusing to our clients as to when they come in. How we are driving alpha, and I think that will add to also increased interest in the BlackRock portfolio. And my goal is to make sure that we are considered a very formidable manager of active equities. So there will be no one that will have the span of equity products that we have across both the quantitative and the fundamental offerings. So yes, I’m very excited about it, and I think having this group work together has already shown us some very good results, and this year our equity performance is better than it’s ever been. So we’re going to continue working on coming up with new ways in the market to hit alpha. So very, very positive on this change that we made.
Luke Montgomery: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blostein: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I wanted to start with a question around capital management. It looks the dividend increase this quarter was maybe a little bit lower than what we’ve seen in prior several years. Is that a reflection of just the markets being a little bit choppier? Is it the way you guys are kind of looking to cash flow stream over the next 12 months or just alternative uses of capital? And I guess within the same question, Gary your comments on a kind of flattish buyback but relative to value issuance of stock, I wonder if you could flush it out for us a little bit more.
Gary S. Shedlin: Sure, Alex. So, on the dividend as you know our stated policies to target a 40% to 50% dividend payout ratio. That has migrated somewhere between 40% back in 2013 and about 44% last year. And based on what we know today, we think a 5% increase in the dividend is prudent and aligned with that philosophy. As it relates to the buyback, I think in the current market as I mentioned we continue to repurchase -- we are going to continue repurchasing stock in an amount no less than last year. However there’s been a lot of market dislocation and we’re certainly not trying to target or signal any type of beta call on this. But we will be watching the relative valuation of our stock to see if it’s prudent for our shareholders to potential increase as markets evolve over the coming months.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. And then, Larry …
Laurence D. Fink: Alex, let me just add one more thing related to our dividend. I think in the volatile years especially if you look at some of the high paying dividend stocks today, I think you’re going to see quite a few companies are going to have to lower their dividends. One of the histories of our platform, we never lowered our dividends ever even in the financial crisis. And so, to me it’s about a discipline, it’s a commitment. As Gary said, we are always committed of having a proposed dividend rate of somewhere between the 40% and 50% level. And we’ve stuck to that level and we never had -- at some years we had it a little more elevated when we especially after the ’08 crisis above that range. But we know obviously with the market turnaround and our business growth it became more normalized again. But importantly when we look at capital management, as Gary said, we do look at the combination of dividend and stock repurchases and I think we have quite a bit of flexibility in 2016.
Alexander Blostein: Right. Understood. And then Larry, just a question for you on the Future’s Advisor platform, and the two relationships that you managed, if you guys were able to lock in? Can you spend a minute I guess; on the type of services you’ll be providing the economics of that business to BlackRock as a whole? And then, I guess, just more importantly the opportunity that you see for yourself in that market place?
Laurence D. Fink: We’re very pleasant, at least surprised how well our, the reception from our distribution partners were leaded to the desire of using Future Advisor. The business proposition is, the user technology, it is their name on the platform powered by BlackRock Solutions Future Advisor, not unlike how we use Aladdin. The business proposition is that uses technology on behalf -- to empower their advisors, ultimately to empower their clients with better digital information. Many of our products -- all the products are from our iShares platform. And we believe this will enhance our connectivity and the utilization of iShares to many of these platforms and that is the key business proposition. Probably the most encouraging thing I would not be surprised over the next coming months we announced a number of other licensing and an agreement. So it is very clear more than ever before, our distribution partners are in need of digital advice and they’re looking for different ways of connecting with their clients. And we believe the combination of the Aladdin services that we can provide plus the digital advice through Future Advisor. No organization has that combination -- no organization has that combination. So it is actually allowing us to possibly expand our Aladdin business on top of the digital advice. But let me be clear, we are paid through the utilization of our products and possibly the licensing of Aladdin products. So it’s -- but it sets us up to have deeper connectivity with our distribution partners and that’s what we’re trying to do.
Alexander Blostein: Yes. That makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your final question comes from Bill Katz at Citi.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, Bill.
William Katz: Good morning, everyone. Maybe points of clarification, because a lot of my questions are already asked. Just on the relative valuation dynamic Gary, you had mentioned. Is that relative to your historical multiple or relative to the group, relative to the S&P? I’m just trying to get a sense or sensitivity about what we should be watching for there?
Gary S. Shedlin: Yes, yes and yes.
William Katz: All right.
Laurence D. Fink: That was a good question, Bill.
Gary S. Shedlin: Yes, I mean we’re -- again, as I said we’re not trying to make -- it's not to me a call on whether beta is going to go up or down. It’s a call as to whether or not we think the market is valuing our stock consistent with our growth. And I think that’s -- I think consistency is incredibly important. We’ve been buying the stock all the way up from the low 200s to where we are and we haven’t been looking for moments of beta weakness and we’re going to basically continue with that along and just, and be mindful if we see there is a disconnect.
Laurence D. Fink: We have a lot of flexibility, Bill.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink: First of all I want to thank everybody. I felt the questions were quite good this morning and sorry that we didn’t have time to reach everybody. But I’m sure Gary and Tom will spend the time with all of you related to further questions. Our fourth quarter 2015 results reflect the strength in a differentiated business model. And I think hopefully this is what resonates with all of you. It is those investments we made. It is our ability to execute and manage expenses accordingly, grow accordingly, especially in these challenging business environments. We’re going to continue to invest to meet the demands of our clients, to meet the demands of society and hopefully to deliver the long-term returns to our clients so they have a better future also. It is incredibly important in these vulnerable times that everybody, all of us focus on the long-term needs of our clients, not to short-term noise that we’re experiencing everyday but focusing on outcomes for our investors. I do believe BlackRock is the firm that clients are looking for that outcome conversation. And I do believe we will have later dialogue with our clients in 2016 than we did in 2015. With that everyone, hopefully lets enjoy 2016 a little more, and lets hopefully we have -- we can enjoy our day to day job in a better environment. Have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Chris Meade - General Counsel Gary Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Kapito - President
Analysts: Robert Lee - KBW Bill Katz - Citigroup Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Michael Cyprys - Morgan Stanley Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Chris Meade: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Meade, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before we begin, let me remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results, may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we see today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, let's begin.
Gary Shedlin: Thank you, Chris. Good morning everyone. This is Gary Shedlin. It's my pleasure to be here to present results for the third quarter of 2015. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. And as usual, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. Against a challenging market backdrop, BlackRock’s third quarter results demonstrate the stability of our diverse global platform, highlighted by continued organic growth, stable operating margins and systematic capital return. Third quarter revenue of $2.9 billion was 2% higher than a year ago while operating income of $1.2 billion was up 1%. Earnings per share of $5 were down 4% compared to a year ago reflecting lower non-operating results and a higher tax rate in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $6 million of net investment gains, largely driven by gains on private equity and real estate investments which offset market driven losses on certain hedge funds and unhedged or partially hedged Multi-Asset and fixed income seed investments. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 29.3% compared to 26.2% a year ago reflecting several favorable non-recurring items. We currently estimate that 30% remains a reasonable projected tax run rate for the fourth quarter of 2015 and based on what we know today reflecting changes in our geographic business mix estimate that 31% is a reasonable projected tax rate for 2016. BlackRock generated $35 billion of quarterly long term net flows representing an annualized organic growth rate of 3%. Flows were positive across investments styles and client types, reinforcing the value of our broad based diversified business model. In a volatile market characterized by double digit quarterly declines in a number of global equity industries and significant FX movements, clients continued to look to BlackRock for strong risk management and long term investment solutions. In total, market depreciation and FX impact reduced the value of our assets under management by approximately $265 billion during the quarter. Over the last 12 months BlackRock generated approximately $186 billion of long term net new business representing a 4% long term organic AUM growth rate and a 6% organic base fee growth rate as faster growth in our higher fee channels contributed a favorable overall change in our base fee mix. Third quarter base fees were approximately flat year-over-year despite over $200 billion of negative FX impact to market depreciation over the last 12 months. On a constant currency basis, we estimate that quarterly base fees grew approximately 3% year-over-year. Sequentially, base fees were down 3% due to lower quarterly average AUM, a seasonal decline in security’s lending activity and the impact of divergent data on our fee rate as emerging and commodities market underperformed developed market. Going forward, our fourth quarter entry base fee level will be impacted as we enter the quarter with lower spot AUM than our average AUM for the third quarter. Performance fees of $208 million were up 56% from a year ago and while broad based benefitted from a single European hedge fund that delivered exceptional full year performance unlocked in the third quarter. BlackRock Solutions revenue of $167 million was up 1% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Aladdin revenue which represented 81% of BRS revenue in the quarter, grew 11% year-over-year driven by several sizable client implementation and has now more than doubled since 2009. Strong connectivity between our BRS and institutional client teams is facilitating improved dialogue with our more sophisticated clients as we continue to see increased demand for global investment platform consolidation and multi risk solutions. Revenue in our financial markets advisory business was down $11 million from a year ago though flat sequentially as revenue in the third quarter of 2014 reflected the impact of several large ECB AQR advisor assignments. Despite lower levels of opportunistic revenue post financial crisis, FMA is benefitting from a more stable revenue profile driven by an increased number of mandates and more repeat engagements in the current market environment. Total expense rose $48 million year-over-year or 3%, driven primarily by compensation expense which increased $52 million from a year ago due to higher headcount, higher levels of performance fees and increased deferred compensation expense partially offset by the impact of a stronger dollar. G&A expense decreased $7 million from a year ago due to lower levels of marketing spend offset by a lower benefit from the FX impact re-measuring dollar exposures held overseas to their respective functional currencies. Recall that our GAAP G&A expense a year ago reflected an additional $50 million charge related to the reduction of an indemnification asset which has been excluded from our asset adjusted results. Sequentially, G&A expense increased $7 million primarily due to higher levels of professional fees in the third quarter. Our third quarter as adjusted operating margin of 43.9% reflecting expense awareness in the current market environment. Looking forward, we continue to be mindful of our discretionary level of spend as markets evolve but currently anticipate the higher level of G&A spend during the fourth quarter driven by seasonal factors and transaction related expense associated with the recently consummated acquisitions. As we stated in the past, we do not manage the business to a specific margin target. We do remain keenly focused on delivering long term value to our shareholders and will work to strike an appropriate balance between strategic investment needs and prudent discretionary expense management. We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value by first reinvesting in our business and then returning excess cash to shareholders in a consistent, systematic manner. In line with that commitment, we closed the acquisitions of Cuadrada the leading independently managed infrastructure investment business in Mexico and Future Advisor, a leader in digital wealth management earlier this month. We do not expect these transactions to have a material impact on BlackRock’s consolidated financial results. During the third quarter, we also repurchased an additional $275 million worth of shares and view that as a good planning rate for the remainder of the year. In the quarter while our clients faced significant market volatility, BlackRock generated $50 billion of total net flows, including $35 billion of long term net inflows reflecting the benefits of a diverse investment and distribution platform and a commitment to alpha generation. BlackRock’s global retail franchise saw long-term net inflows of $7 billion; positive across all asset classes representing 5% annualized organic growth for the quarter and 10% organic growth over the last 12 months. International retail net flows of $5 billion were paced by strong flows into international equities and unconstrained fixed income highlighting the global nature of our platform. BlackRock’s U.S. retail business generated long term inflows of $2 billion demonstrating resilience from what was a challenging quarter for the U.S. mutual fund industry. BlackRock’s flows were led by broad based fixed income activity or strong and consistent performance across the platform continues to differentiate us despite industry outflows in a number of product categories including unconstrained fees income and high yields. Global iShares generated $23 billion of net new flows; representing 9% annualized organic growth for the quarter, and 12% organic growth over the last 12 months. iShares value proposition especially with respect to liquidity and transparency was extremely evident in a market characterized by heightened volatility and year-to-date flows remained in record territory. iShares fixed income inflows of $18 billion reflected ongoing adoption of ETFs as a means of rapidly accessing and investing in fixed income markets. iShares equity inflows of $5 billion were led by flows into developed market exposures, including our Japan and Euro zone funds. We saw increased investor focus on risk aware smart data products with our minimum volatility funds raising more than $2 billion during the quarter and gaining the number one ranking within the domestic product category. Our institutional client business saw over $5 billion in quarterly long-term net outflows, driven by higher fee active offering as clients increasingly partnered with BlackRock to generate alpha across active solution and alternative mandates. Institutional active net inflows of $6 billion reflected over $4 billion across fixed income strategies and nearly $2 billion into core alternatives and marked our sixth consecutive quarter of active institutional inflows. Alternatives flows were broad based including infrastructure, private equity, real estate, fund-to-fund and alternative solutions offerings, in addition strong fund raising momentum continued with an addition of $1 billion of illiquid alternative commitments raised in the third quarter, bringing total unfunded commitments, a source of future inflows, to approximately $11 billion. Overall, our third quarter results reflect the benefits of the investments we’ve made to build a differentiated global business model. Diversification across investment styles, distribution channels, products and geographies enables us to serve clients irrespective of market environment or investment preference. Our goal remains to deliver consistent and differentiated growth overtime. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thanks, Gary good morning everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Our third quarter results were driven by clients' continued trust in BlackRock’s ability to manage risk and deliver holistic investment solutions as we look to achieve long term goals and navigate uncertainty and increasingly volatile economic environment. A slowing economy in China persistence, weakness in commodity prices, uncertainty around the Fed’s decision on rates and continued fluctuation in currency evaluations has contributed to significant declines in global markets. Emerging market equities were down 19%, natural resources stocks were down 23% and European and U.S. indexes fell 9% and 7% respectively in just the last quarter. Government actions continue to influence markets as Central banks policies have caused imbalances in interest rates and currencies. Emerging market currencies have experienced significant volatility following nearly 9% in the third quarter before rallying over the past several days. More than ever our clients value the model we built at BlackRock. BlackRock’s global, multi product platform, our market leading risk management capabilities through Aladdin and our focus on long term solutions enables us to have a more robust conversation with more clients as they address portfolio composition and asset allocation. These conversations are not just focused on what products BlackRock can sell, they are focused on outcomes our clients are looking for and how we could bring together capabilities across our global platform to help our clients achieve their goals. This approach has resulted in a stronger, longer lasting relationships with our clients than ever before which truly contributed to more than the $50 billion of net inflows this quarter. Clients not only turn to BlackRock to manage assets, but to help them to understand the longer term impact on developments in the financial landscape. The BlackRock investment institute continues to lead that discussion and hosted several client calls in the third quarter to address market volatility. The BIIs [ph] most widely attended call reaching more than 4000 client participants. This heightened level of client engagement is translating into consistent growth and BlackRock’s $35 billion of long term net flows in the quarter, positive across as Gary suggested in investment styles and client types. The fact that we are seeing such diverse inflows in a volatile market speaks to the power of our platform that we built overtime at BlackRock and the differentiated experience we provide to our clients. We continue to grow our global distribution footprint and a product set to serve a diverse set of clients with a holistic range of outcome oriented solutions as clients are looking for income and uncorrelated returns in the current investment environment. In the U.S. we anticipate client demand for income focused products and since they were launched our strategic Income Opportunity and Multi-Asset Income funds have garnered more flows through the third quarter than any fund in these categories. With more than $35 billion of total inflows. Building upon the strength to these funds in the U.S. our global versions of BlackRock unconstrained fixed income and multi-asset income funds are gaining momentum with clients internationally. Year-to-date FIGO our global unconstrained offering saw net inflows to $3.8 million, and our global multi-asset income funds, our net inflows were more than $1.4 billion. On the institutional side, client demand for active fixed income and alternative strategies continues to drive positive organic base fee growth. For example, while official institutional clients have generally been environmentally driven net sellers and low fee index equity exposures, we have seen enhanced demand from the same clients for our active and alternative products and solutions, which have driven positive overall revenue growth among these clients this year. And this is some focus that we've talked about over years, having client navigate from index into active and back in forth. And the biggest differentiating feature BlackRock today versus few years ago, we have both active and fixed and passive products. BlackRock recognizes that even the most comprehensive and global set of solutions will be insufficient without strong investment performance. As a global firm our objective is to outperform consistently while our entire – throughout our entire investment platform. We remain focus on embracing a team oriented approach leveraging our connectivity, our knowledge showing firms and translating all this information into insights from technology and big data to drive top tier performance across all assets categories and investment strategies. We're seeing consistency in areas where we were strong and improvement in areas where we've been reinvesting in talent. And our scientific active equity business 97% of the AUM performed above benchmark, our peer medium for the three-year period and in our active taxable fixed income business 90% of assets performed above benchmark, or peer medium for three-year period. Over the last few years we've invested in our fundamental equity business in hiring new talent in technology and in unifying this global equity platform to be more effective to tap the resources entirely through our BlackRock. We're seeing the benefit of this investment and our fundamental active equity business 80% and 58% of our AUM is now above benchmark, our peer medium for the one year and three-year respectively. And importantly our global platform continues to deliver results. BlackRock's European and BlackRock's Asian Fundamental Equities platform have 99% and 91% of their assets respectively above benchmarks or peer medium for the three-year period. Investors continue to turn the iShares amidst heighten volatility to gain market exposures and enhanced portfolio construction. And iShares show as Gary discussed $23 billion in net total inflows. iShares captured the number one market share of the net new business globally in the U.S. and in Europe and in the third quarter year-to-date. iShares flows were driven by fixed income as investors utilized fixed income ETF as an effective tool for diversification and liquidity. Equity flows were driven by $5 billion into European listed iShares and we saw positive inflows in Canada and Asia Pacific as well. Extreme market volatility resulted in a disjointed market open on August 24. Lack of pricing clarity, widespread delayed in stock openings and an unprecedented number of trading halts impacted a large number of both U.S. listed single name stocks and equity ETF. We've spoken with many different market participants and based on our own experience and these conversations we have made several recommendation with respect to U.S. equity market structure in a viewpoint article titled "U.S. Equity Market Structure Lessons from August 24th", which we published on our website last week. Demand of iShares has remained strong and net iShares flows following August 24th has been robust, at nearly $25 billion through yesterday. Despite near term market fluctuation we continue to focus on the long run by investing in areas that we believe will resolve in a more complete offering for our clients and delivering value for our shareholders. Over the last two years our institutional clients rebalancing survey indicated that institutes plan to increase allocations to real assets. We continue to expand our real assets offering including BlackRock's infrastructure platform. We've provide clients with current income, diversification, income protection and potential for capital appreciation while helping to drive economic growth and job creation. As Gary mentioned earlier this month, we closed on the acquisition I Cuadrada, Mexico's leading infrastructure firm and BlackRock now manages nearly $7 billion in infrastructure investments on behalf of clients worldwide. Technology is another area where we built on our existing strength to recent investments to enhance a way we serve our clients. We continue to enhance our Aladdin platform by building out our multi-asset capabilities, driving 11% revenue growth year-over-year and we're seeing growing demand as investor become more focus on risk management in the evolving financial and regulatory landscape. Earlier this month we completed the acquisition of Future Advisor, a leading digital wealth management platform. As consumers increasing engaged with technology to invest BlackRock and Future Advisor are positioned to empower our distribution partners to better serve their clients by combining Future Advisor's high quality technology enabled advise with BlackRock's multi-asset investment capabilities, our proprietary technology and most importantly our risk analytics. We built and continue to invest in our platform and our people so that we can have a deeper dialogue with the clients and deliver consistent results for shareholders especially through times of heighten uncertainty. On a very personal note, as many of you know, Charlie Hallac, who was named our Co-President last year passed away in September following a lengthy battle against cancer. Charlie has missed by many of his friends across BlackRock. Our greatest tribute to him will be the carry forward his life work by continuing to deliver excellence to our clients, to consistently innovate and more importantly to look relentlessly for ways to evolve as Charlie always did. Finally, I want to thank our employees for their continue focus and dedication in creating better financial futures for our clients. So let's now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Hey, Robert. How are you?
Robert Lee: Great, thanks. Just maybe question starting with the iShares business. And clearly, flows there have been strong across a variety of products. One of the things it feels like you're seeing, or start to see like a surge of firms kind of crowding into, I guess, what I'll call the smart beta space. Just curious if you're seeing any impact from this in terms of price competition or kind of your thoughts about how that may or may not evolve, particularly as it relates to price competition?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Let me tell Rob Kapito to answer that.
Robert Kapito: So most recently we haven't seen the price structure that we had seen in asset. That has settled down. Certainly, [Indiscernible] in the market look to use price as one of the ways to enter the market, but I haven't seen that really in the last quarter. Going forward I think smart beta is one of the areas that going to continue to be a successful product than a necessary product. We currently have about $125 billion in client assets across a variety of factor based products and smart beta products. We actually recently hired Dr. Andrew Ang and he is going to lead our factor-based strategies group so that we can lead in the factor-based investing on portfolio construction. And we're going to combine our skill set and his systematic investments skill set along with Aladdin to focus on the factor in the smart beta area. So, I think you are still seeing that something that clients are going to look for. We already have a number of these, one as our minimum volatility fund. We've raised about $2 billion. And we are the leader in U.S. ETF in the smart beta area. But just to step back on the price, please keep in mind that prices are only one reason why people buy ETF. They are looking for precision or what you're discussing a new approach in smart beta or factored investing, they're certainly looking for liquidity, which means, you have to have a fund and have some sort of size depending upon the type investor they could get core investor which we call it buy and hold or they are looking to be more active. So, price is important but its only one aspect and I just haven't seen the price pressure that we've seen a year ago and up to the first half of this year.
Robert Lee: All right, great. And maybe the follow-up, just looking at the multi-asset class products, I mean that actually had a little bit of outflow, it wasn't too much, but little bit, but you mean that's a category that for years now has been pretty consistent solid inflows quarter after quarter. So I'm just curious was there anything unusual that quarter that may have driven that or anything we should be looking at net product line, product set?
Robert Kapito: I don't think there's anything unusual. The multi-asset product segment is a segment that clients have felt very comfortable on the long-term performance of that and they sometimes use those products as a cash alternative. And so when there are movements in and out of the markets risk on, risk off, they use that particular product. And in the last quarter we've seen a lot of risks off trades and that product has been used for that, but there's nothing out of the ordinary. We're seeing inflows now in that area, the performance is good, so it's really just an aberration over the core.
Laurence Douglas Fink: And I would say one of thing Robert, and specific in the third quarter we had one client move from multi-asset into an alpha product, so as Rob said, people are utilizing that but one client actually had greater conviction and went into a totally oriented market exposure alpha product.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Hi, Bill.
Bill Katz: Yes. Good morning everyone. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Obviously a very good flow story for the quarter, maybe to pick on one of the areas that was a bit weak, just to get your perspective on what might be going on underneath that. Could you talk a little bit about Asia-Pac? Is this just risk on, risk off for the market, and what do you think might reverse some of that recent attrition?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, there are some very large – without getting into client detail or any clients, there are some very large movements from some clients that are actively moving out of government securities into more risk oriented securities that's pretty well advertise without me going into the specifics of that. We have seen some clients because of cash needs have been selling products. So I think Asia-Pac has been dominated more by three or four large institutions moving around. I think I'm talking about the whole ecosystem of the markets. And then, while we saw more consistent flows in Asia-Pac iShares. We are seeing actually more utilization of dollar assets today related to our institutional clients. And I would say, in some parts of Asia as Rob suggested in the fourth quarter there is more and more movements towards multi-asset. So, I don't see any major change in specific to BlackRock in the third quarter. We did have index outflows in APAC and however as I suggested in my formal speech some of these clients moved into more active products and so we had actually positive overall revenue growth in that region. So, I would say nothing that was extraordinary, just some large actions. And I think you're going to see a consistent growth on Asia-Pac overall as some of the major clients are looking to investing more global products away from their host products or host country products, so we feel good about Asia Pacific and Australia right now.
Bill Katz: That's helpful. And then just a follow-up and this might be a little too early, but I'm sort of curious, there's been some recent rule changes promulgated by the SEC around mutual fund liquidity. Can you talk about how you see that playing out? Obviously, nothing is in written form quite yet in terms of where the industry has to go. But might some of the pros and cons of that regulatory change might be for the business?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So, obviously this is a proposed comment, proposed liquidity risk management role. And also they are focusing on stress testing funds. I think it's very important that we have better disclosure on liquidity for all funds. We have better disclosures on stressing funds. There are certainly more and more dialogue about one directional trades worldwide from the regulators. And so, I actually believe the SEC is leading this effort and trying to come up with the appropriate analysis to help guide investors, understand the embedded issues, risks or opportunities in mutual fund. So, we look at this as a net positive that and we are always in favor of better disclosure. The one cautionary thing we would say to any regulator. Let's not make retail products less competitive than institutional products. So, for instance if they suggested that a mutual fund product should have a higher cash buffer and that would probably mean most institutional clients would move to a separate account, we may not achieve what we're trying to achieve. So, we are in favor of better disclosures. I think few better disclosures going to have better processes, possibly stress testing of fund depending on the methodologies that may work too. So, we have an open mind and I don't know Bill exactly where it's going, but we want to play a constructive role globally on these issues, if I would say, as we talked about over the last few years regulators worldwide have gone from analysis of firms related to SIFI designation to activities. And we were a big supporter of that as a firm and these are the type of activities that most certainly the regulators is going to be focusing on and as I said we have constructive positive dialogue with the regulators throughout the world on this. So we'll wait and see.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Robert Kapito: Hi, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. First on iShares, you highlighted about a year ago the opportunities for ETFs in Europe, given changing regulations. Today you highlighted European iShares as one of the reasons that equity iShares sales were so strong. So I guess, things kind of coming together with regulation in European ETFs, and is this really the beginning of the beginning for European ETFs?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm going to let Rob answer. Let me just start off in saying and then Rob will, because he has much more texture on it. Regulation has evolve in Europe, regulation in terms of the inability to pass on fees have led to obviously more opportunities with ETFs. And we are beginning to see that I would say, specific about European ETFs and the equities. We are seeing more interested investors in equity exposures in Europe, so I think that is a single -- that's a trend as a market exposure trend, but I think distribution trends are going to lead to much greater reliance by distribution platform utilizing ETFs. We actually have also you saw Ken, that we had positive inflows in our mutual fund platform and we had consistent mutual fund flows in our EMEA operation. So I think the third point that I would make and then Rob will go into this specifics. I think our positioning in Europe is just getting stronger in both mutual funds and ETFs.
Robert Kapito: Okay. So I would just say there is two movements. One in Europe, certainly with the RDR rules, people are moving more towards advice and asset allocation. And when you look at that the best product to achieve that is iShares or EPFs. And so we're seeing continued demand because of those rules being so important. But we are also seeing the same thing in the U.S. where our clients are using iShares for asset allocation purposes and that bodes very well for EPFs going forward. And the last trend is the products are trending to be more global products rather than just U.S. and just European. The global products are also seeing some demand. So some of it from changes and regulations, but a lot of it is due to education and people are having knowledge that iShares can actually play a big role in achieving the results that people want in their portfolios.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you. And then sovereign wealth funds have been in the media again. Maybe discuss how diversified BlackRock's exposure is between commodity-related sovereign wealth funds and maybe non-commodity related funds. And is exposure of BlackRock weighted to any particular size or asset class? I was thinking active versus passive and/or fixed income versus equity. Thanks
Robert Kapito: Ken, that's a great question and it is a question I'm not going to answer because I don't talk about my clients. I just – it just something we have never made even any reference to any specific sovereign wealth funds or anything, so I'm going to leave it that.
Ken Worthington: Worth a try. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Robert Kapito: Hi, Craig, how are you?
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning. So maybe first, you just hit on fixed income here. Very good results across all three of your fixed income bases and it looks like [Indiscernible] was a large driver for retail, but are there any underlying themes that really surprised you in fixed income in this quarter?
Robert Kapito: Well, I think the narrative about high rates and what does it mean for fixed income flows is just an entirely incorrect viewpoint. And this is one of the key elements of what I think is differentiating BlackRock. We're focusing on helping clients, meet the needs of their liabilities. Many clients have liabilities that are very long dated, many clients have under invested and so they actually have a gap between their during of their liability versus the duration of their funds. As interest rates rise, if they rise, I think they will rise one day. We are actually going to see an accelerated movement towards clients buying longer duration assets. And that's I mean, I'm not talking about trading strategies, but clients that are pension fund oriented or long dated insurance type of products, they're going to use this as an opportunity to buy different long dated assets. Clients who are more interested in any trade obviously they're going to get out of the long duration and moving to the low duration or something like our strategic income opportunity fund where they are not going to be constrain to a duration, it will be unconstrained products. So, what the third quarter saw? We saw lots of moment. We saw some clients were adding duration. We saw some clients were reducing duration. We saw some clients taking advantage and this is one thing that I haven't seen in the narrative. We saw, we have clients who are taking advantages of the rising high yield market because high yield underperformed in the third quarter and we saw clients are moving back into high yields, because the coupon and risk adjusted basis in the categories are achieving their needs to match their liability. So, this is an important component of why I believe we have differentiated ourselves because we are working with our clients, trying to keep the narrative on what is their outcome that they are seeking. It's not about trading in and out, it is about how can they best achieve and composition of assets to meet their liabilities. And by continuing to drive home this concept of long termism and outcomes instead of the noise of the moment has allowed us to have deeper dialogue and I think the flows and fixed income shown the results of having deeper dialogues and focus on outcomes.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And then, I just have a follow-up here on multi-asset. Just given the softer results in 3Q in this one product set, could you give us an update on kind of the three main funds here, Global All, LifePath, and also Multi-Asset Income?
Robert Kapito: Gary.
Gary Shedlin: Absolutely correct. So, I think that there has been as Rob talked about and making Larry has on further on, we're seeing some movements in the multi-asset category. MAI and keep in mind also one other additional point is that when we talk about multi-asset that you're looking at in the context that our reporting we're really talking about the bundled outcome products that I think you're talking about. There's lots of other multi-asset discussion and solutions that are going on around the firm that frankly fit into lots of other categories. But as you talk about bundled products like LifePath and Global All, which obviously two of our flagship products, they did see flattish flows in the quarter. And I think while we would say that MAI's flows were not as strong as prior quarters, it still was positive t the tune of 500 million and it’s still remains a top selling or the top selling multi-asset income funds since launch about three years ago. Larry talked about SIO and other similar products which is a fixed income products and obviously that and in addition to that with LDI and some other things we've seen very positive flows there. But there is no question that as we saw some slow inflows where there was MAI, DDG or even LifePath we did see some slows, some slowing of the flows. I think it's early for us to figure out whether in particular around target date that was an industry phenomenon or not, obviously we did see unprecedented volatility. I think that if we actually look across a lot of those products with respect to different dates we definitely did see more flows in so called near term maturity dates as oppose to the long-term which may suggest that has people who are looking to basically approach retirement more quickly they saw volatility and we're deciding to eliminate some of the equity exposure in the near term, but I think we'll be watching that very closely and see to what extend those change direction in the next few quarters.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: And your next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk a little bit about the opportunity for ETFs being used as an alternative to futures contracts, and then also ETFs being used as a form of collateral? How do you see those opportunity sets progressing today and how much, would you say, of your book is in that capacity right now? And then just maybe if you could touch upon some of the longer term opportunity sets there? Thanks.
Robert Kapito: So, this is the beauty of ETFs that we constantly have been finding new uses for the products, so as futures becomes more expensive to use than ETFs had opened up a whole new world that we didn't even think about because of the collateral cost behind futures contracts. So, when we are going into the capital markets and we are meeting lots of fixed income and equity clients and having discussions and talking about to them about uses, most of the time we walk away with some other ideas that we didn't think about that they have needs for. So as you know now ETFs are being use as a surrogate for futures across many institutional accounts, so we think that's going to continue, how big that can be, just think about the size of the futures markets and certainly regulation is going to play a big role in that as well. So, as capital costs are going up or lots of institutions, ETFs are starting to play a bigger role. So that's sort of where we're adding and I would tell you in the fixed income side, fixed income really let the equity market when it came to new uses and we have added a bunch of people in our capital markets group for iShares to go out, and to really work with different institutions in both education and also both learning what some of the needs are so that we could innovate those products for.
Michael Cyprys: Okay. Thanks. And then shifting to the institutional index side, could you talk about some of the opportunity sets they are converting some of the lower fee institutional index mandates to higher margin or higher fee oriented mandates, so basically increasing the share of wallet or moving upstream and shifting the share of wallet? How big of an opportunity set is that, and is there any low hanging fruit left? Any color around that would be helpful.
Robert Kapito: I think the opportunity remains to be quite large as we saw in our investment survey that the clients were looking to add more alternatives. And this is worldwide across the globe. We are – this is one of the big reasons why we are building our infrastructure platform, continue to build out our hedge fund platform, our real estate platform. So, as I said earlier, we are in deeper conversation with clients than we are ever been before. Much of it has to do with the quality of our relationships, our focus on risk management, and our ability to deliver solutions, I mean, that sounds like a lot of talk, but that positioning is now transformed us to have those dialogues five years ago when we in many relation where we strictly had a beta relationship we were not – we did not have ability to provide the products or have the dialogue with many more clients. I believe today, we have more dialogue. We have deeper dialogues with clients worldwide that is going to allow us. If the opportunity prevails when a client is looking to reduced beta exposures to go into other forms of outlet exposures whether it is active equity management, active fixed income of alternatives, we have those dialogues and I – once again I do believe the third quarter is starting to show that evidence that we are able to navigate. Rob and I spend a great deal of time on the road. We have – we are constantly reminded that if we could provide the holistic solution to our clients, that we can provide a deeper analysis what the needs of our clients we have seen consistently that we are able then to have a broader product range solution for our clients. And as we continue to drive that and build these relations, I think you are going to see that navigation and interflows in our business. If you look specifically in the third quarter, we grew many different types of alternatives, we had $2 billion in positive flows, we had another $1 billion in forward commitments and the most positive thing I could tell you related to those flows, those flows principally came in six different products, which is another statement of the growing product breadth that we are developing for our clients.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Hi, Alex how are you?
Alexander Blostein: Hi, Larry good morning. So sticking with the regulatory line of questions I guess you know we’ve gone through a bunch of comments from the industry and the [Indiscernible] proposal it looks like we are getting a little bit closer to some sort of a final ruling and it looks like a lot of these you know a lot of things will kind of come through as they were written. So maybe hoping to get your perspective from one, what risk and opportunities does that create for BlackRock against the ruling, about the rules set today [ph] 
Laurence Douglas Fink: I don’t know, I don’t know how the rules are going to be coming out. On the surface it will change the relationships with the distribution partners with their clients, we have to adapt our business with our distribution partners on that business. I think one thing is very clear how this outplays that it means greater emphasis on beta products and ETFs. But until we see how this has rolled out, and we’ve had comments on it that are very public about our opinions related to the DOL. I would also say that if investors feel more confident because of however the DOL [ph] plays out that if investors feel more confident that they can invest fairly, securely we are all benefited by that. Now, I’m not sure how that will play out, but we’ve always believed that we could have a market place where our clients feel more secure that they have an opportunity to earn a fair return over a long cycle everyone will be benefited by that. The Clients obviously our distribution partners and the investment management team. So we once again, we have tried to take a constructive approach to the SEC, mindful that some of the SEC Fiduciary rules would change the relationship with our distribution partners and we’ve tried to work with the regulators in terms of finding a sensible solution that meets the challenges of our distribution partners, the asset manager that importantly giving the end client the trust that they need in terms of investing for the future.
Alexander Blostein: Okay, thanks for that. And then on the product side of things, I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the active equity business. Nice to see flows turning positive here, I guess it’s one of the better quarters we’ve seen in a little while, so any granularity here in terms of where the strength has been coming from, whether its scientific I think you guys highlighted that in the press release or the fundamental equities where we are starting to see some turnaround?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So where we are starting to see the biggest turnaround is from the fundamental equity business. We spent a lot of time and money I should know in trying to rebuild our efforts there and the teams. And I feel very good about this, certainly in Europe our team there has been together longer. Their record across the board is now very strong and now we are starting to see the same efforts in the U.S. through our capital appreciation fund, our equity dividend fund. So the performance is actually really good. Now on top of that the scientific act of equity grew to more quantitatively driven and manual driven portfolios. The three here a record which had left a lot of the consultants look at the 98% of the assets are above the benchmark or appear immediate. We had work to do domestically and today the fundamental act of equity business 81% of the assets are above the benchmark for the one year period. So as time goes on, the performance is really, really much better. So when you see better performance it translates directly into flow and we are starting to see those flows or having much better dialogue with our consultants who are now putting us in the mix for proposals and we’re also internally very focused on building out the equity effort and you are going to hear a lot more from us, from our marketing teams and the rest of the teams across the firm, because we are going to be much bigger in the active equity space and we are very happy to have the performance to back that up, so very important part and we’re still adding people but we are getting results at the same time, good positive feedback from our clients.
Gary Shedlin: Let me just add one more thing. As I said in my prepared remarks the strength of our performance 98% are for Asian equities and European equities. We are seeing close and within those categories and we continue to be differentiated and I truly believe as the market settles down we believe the category where many investors will be seeking market exposures and that’s going to be in Asian equities. And with our performance I would think over the next few years we are going to see accelerated flows there.
Laurence Douglas Fink: And just – just drill down as you have asked just a couple of notes for you, our equity dividends, our product was now in the 37 percentile. Our basic value has come from the 51st percentile to the 20th percentile and our large cap core has risen from 76 to the 29th percentile. Those are big loans and I believe those are sustainable, it’s just the beginning of what we could do when we combine the knowledge and the communication across the platform.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. Thanks for all the color there. Appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Hey Brian.
Brian Bedell: Good morning, folks. Hi, good morning. Just to go back on the SEC liquidity rule proposals, I guess first of all I know it’s very early, but as they are proposed do you think it’s generally workable for investments in less liquid areas in high yields in small cap emerging markets.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Absolutely. That’s right. I’m sorry, go on…
Brian Bedell: And then on the counter side of that how do you think Aladdin can play a role in this for fund companies if it owns?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So different products have different liquidity sets. This is one of the reasons why I think liquidity disclosure is a good thing. We have mentioned high yields. High yields have somewhat less liquidity than an investment grade product, a treasury fund has more liquidity than an investment grade corporate product. You are paid a higher income for those types of returns and I do believe having a measurement hopefully a dynamic measurement, a dynamic measurement will allow investors and we are talking mostly retail investors having a better understanding and so if we can come up with a metrics that is dynamic, that is informative about of liquidity of anyone product and differentiating that liquidity amongst different funds, because some funds some mutual funds have systematically always even in the asset categories of let’s say high yield have been consistently invested in the lower grade of high yield with less liquidity and some mutual funds have invested in the higher grade high yield that had more liquidity and so some form of dynamic measurement is probably good. I don’t – I actually believe once again as investors are becoming more informed and they better understand the risks and the returns I actually believe it will lead to greater investments in different asset categories. This is something we should all embrace. So I don’t – as I said I look at this as a positive. It’s a constructive way of analyzing, we just need to make sure that we don’t cause so much problems at all institutions run out of mutual funds and go to separate accounts and we may not be achieving everything that is necessary. But – we want smart investors, smart investors is better for the entire asset management industry. We should not run away from markets that are opaque, we should always be trying to find ways of making more transparency in terms of risk. In terms of Aladdin, greater risk analytics, whether its liquidity analytics or stress test analytics is a very large positive for the future direction and needs of clients utilizing Aladdin. As I said in my prepared remarks, Aladdin is growing 11% a year. We are in deep dialogue with many clients right now and I feel very good about how Aladdin is the risk management platform of choice by so many investors worldwide.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great. Thanks and then just a follow up on the retail distribution strategy especially as it relates to ETF. Can you talk about the role of Future Advisor as you’ve I guess the stages of planning that out and integrating with your RIA efforts and also your plans for sales force built to better penetrate your RIA segment?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So we – we are very excited about what Future Advisor will bring for us. We believe having better technology to interface with our distribution partners will give us a real opportunity. It is too early for me to really go into detail how we are navigating it, but in the early weeks we’ve had a refreshingly large amount of interest with our distribution partners in the utilization of this technology. Once again, through this technology if we could increase the knowledge base of products, increase the knowledge base of information through this technology we will have deeper and more robust conversations. If we can our hope is to and our intentions is to link our Future Advisor technology with our Aladdin technology to help our distribution partners to have both better risk analytics and better client interphase information so they could be providing better guidance to their clients. This is a long term investment for us, we are more excited about the investment today than we were as we thought about making the investment. And as I said earlier we are thrilled with the response by our distribution partners to have more engagement utilizing this technology. So it’s too early to really get into any details but our management team of Future Advisors are running around the country right now having many dialogues and conversations alongside our BlackRock solution team. So it is very important to note that we never really talked about it, putting Future Advisor into our BlackRock solution platform really gives us this ability to really create a third party platform to provide independence information for our clients that is very similar to what BlackRock Aladdin does for our clients independent risk management. So we look at this as a great stepping stone for a deeper connection with our RIAs and our all our distribution platforms.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Once again, I thank all of you for joining this morning and your interest in BlackRock. Our third quarter results once again highlighted the investments we made to enhance a differentiated platform, a more diverse platform, a global platform, a risk management platform. We continue to differentiate ourselves by taking a consistent long term view while staying ahead and navigating the near term developments in the financial markets. I think we help our clients by having this diverse multi product platform to help them navigate and I think the third quarter results speak loudly with those results. Have a good quarter and we’ll talk to you in the New Year.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director & General Counsel Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Robert S. Kapito - President
Analysts: Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies LLC Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director & General Counsel: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I'm Matt Mallow, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements and call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results, may of course differ from those statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed and will file reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. And BlackRock assumes no duty and will not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, let's begin the call. Gary?
Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Managing Director: Thank you, Matt, and good morning everyone. It's my pleasure to be here to present results for the second quarter of 2015. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. As usual, I will be focusing primarily on our as adjusted results. Our second quarter results again demonstrate the value of the investments we've made to assemble the industry's broadest and most global suite of active and investment investment – index investment offerings, and to deliver differentiated customized investment solutions to our clients. Our business model was purposely designed to deliver differentiated results in the current viable market environment. Second quarter revenue of $2.9 billion was 5% higher than a year ago while operating income of $1.2 billion was 10% higher on a year-over-year basis. Earnings per share of $4.96 were up 1% compared to a year ago reflecting lower non-operating results, and a higher normalized tax rate in the current quarter. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $3 million of net investment losses, largely driven by net losses on unhedged or partially hedged multi-asset and fixed income seed investments. Recall that our first quarter non-operating results included a one-time gain of $40 million related to the fair value of our pre-existing interest in BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors. Our as-adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 30.1% compared to an as-adjusted tax rate of 24.8% in last year's second quarter that benefited from several favorable non-recurring items. We currently estimate that 30% remains a reasonable projected tax run rate for the remainder of 2015. Second quarter long-term net outflows of $7 billion reflected elevated market volatility, as $24 billion of net new business from active and iShares products was more than offset by $31 billion of low fee institutional index outflows. While this resulted in an organic asset growth rate significantly less than our target for the quarter, our annualized long-term organic base fee growth rate was in excess of 5% as each of our retail and iShares businesses along with the active component of our institutional business generated positive organic growth in the second quarter. Over the last twelve months, notwithstanding the increasingly unsettled macroenvironment, BlackRock's highly diversified platform generated approximately $180 billion of long-term net new business, representing a 4% long-term organic AUM growth rate and a 6% organic base fee growth rate, as faster growth in our higher fee channels continues to contribute to a favorable overall change in our base fee mix. We previously discussed the importance of organic-based fee growth rate to our business and we're always thinking about ways to improve our disclosure to help investors and analysts better understand our business. As you will note on Page 2 of our earnings supplement, we have now expanded our financial disclosure to include organic base fee growth on a trailing 12-month basis to better reflect this positive mix change over time. Second quarter base fees rose 4% year-over-year as the average AUM increased due to organic growth and market appreciation despite $191 billion of negative FX impact associated with dollar appreciation against foreign currencies over the last 12 months. On a constant currency basis, we estimate that quarterly base fees grew approximately 8% year-over-year. Sequentially, base fees were up 6% reflecting organic base fee growth, the effective one additional day in the quarter, and seasonally higher securities lending fees. Performance fees of $136 million were up 18% from a year ago, reflecting strong alpha generation in certain equity products that lock annually in the second quarter. BlackRock Solutions' revenue of $161 million was up 10%, both year-over-year and sequentially. Our Aladdin business, which represented 80% of BRS revenue in the quarter, grew 14% year-over-year and 2% sequentially, the year-over-year increase driven by several sizable clients going live on the Aladdin platform over the last 12 months. We continue to see strong market demand for global investment platform consolidation and multi-risk solutions. Revenue in our financial markets advisory business was flat year-over-year, reflecting the positive impact of residual disposition activity in last year's second quarter, but up $11 million sequentially driven by increased revenue from several advisory assignments associated with Fed CCAR diagnostics. Other income declined $9 million from a year ago, reflecting lower 12b-1 fees and the impact of real estate-related disposition fees a year ago. Total expense rose $12 million year-over-year or 1%, driven primarily by revenue-related items including incentive compensation, AUM-related expense, which were largely offset by a decline in G&A expense. Compensation and benefits increased $65 million year-over-year or 7% due to higher head count and incentive compensation, partially offset by the impact of a stronger dollar. G&A expense decreased $65 million year-over-year as a result of lower levels of marketing spend in the current quarter and the impact of elevated legal and regulatory expense in last year's second quarter. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased $27 million from the first quarter, driven by lower levels of marketing spend. Second quarter G&A expense also included a previously disclosed $4 million product placement fee associated with the recently announced ABR Refunding. Our second quarter as-adjusted operating margin of 44.9% was positively impacted by the lower level of quarterly G&A spend. Looking forward, we continue to anticipate a higher and more normalized level of G&A spend during the second half of 2015. We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value by first reinvesting in our business and then returning excess cash to shareholders. In line with that commitment, on June 12, BlackRock announced the acquisition of Infraestructura, the leading independently managed infrastructure investment business in Mexico. We expect to close this acquisition in the fourth quarter of this year. During the second quarter, we also repurchased an additional $275 million worth of shares and refinanced $750 million of debt with a 10-year €700 million denominated note bearing a 1.25% coupon. This represented our first euro-denominated debt issuance better aligning our capital structure with our global business. Our consistent earnings growth and stable financial results reflect the benefits of our diverse platform, long-term client partnerships, and commitment to investment performance. Second quarter long-term net flows were impacted by over $30 billion of low fee institutional index outflows, which masked almost $13 billion of active inflows driven by our improving fundamental equity performance, top tier fixed income performance, and strength in our multi-asset and alternatives businesses. BlackRock's global retail franchise saw long-term net inflows of $11 billion, representing 8% annualized organic growth for the quarter and 10% organic assets growth over the last 12 months. Flows were driven by continued strength and outcome-oriented offerings, including unconstrained fixed income and multi-asset strategies. International retail net inflows of more than $3 billion were paced by strong flows into global unconstrained fixed income and international equities. For the quarter, our leading European equities franchise generated nearly $2 billion of net inflows, while our top quartile Asian equity franchise gathered more than $1 billion in new assets. Leadership in these areas contributed to BlackRock maintaining its year-to-date number one ranking in cross-border mutual fund flows and its market leading position in the United Kingdom. U.S. retail inflows of more $7 billion reflected strong fixed income flows (9:33) broad-based even in a period of rising rates. Despite a challenging quarter for industry flows in U.S. active mutual funds, the depth and breadth of our franchise positioned BlackRock to continue to grow market share as we rank in the top five in U.S. retail industry flows for the quarter, and saw a strong demand for iShares from U.S. retail clients. Global iShares generated $11 billion of net new flows, representing 4% annualized organic growth for the quarter, and 11% organic growth over the last 12 months. While the ETF industry experienced quarterly volatility amid uncertainty in global economic growth and central bank policies, year-to-date flows for both iShares and the ETF industry remain in record territory. iShares retained its number one global market share position for the first half of the year, and remains well ahead of the competition in global fixed income flows. iShares equity inflows of $9 billion were led by flows into non-U.S. equity exposures, including our EAFE and Japan funds. We continue to see heightened investor focus on risk management as our currency hedge funds gathered nearly $4 billion, and our minimum volatility funds raised more than $2 billion during the quarter. iShares fixed income inflows of approximately $2 billion reflected flows into investment grade corporate and emerging markets bonds, offset by outflows from treasuries and high-yield as investors repositioned portfolios amidst global rate movements. Our institutional business experienced $29 billion in quarterly long-term net outflows, primarily driven by $35 billion of low fee index equity outflows from several large clients looking to reallocate, rebalance, or meet their cash needs. As previously mentioned, these low fee index outflows had a limited impact on organic base fee growth for the quarter. Institutional active net inflows of more than $2 billion reflected BlackRock's strong multi-asset and alternatives capabilities, offset by outflows in active equities. Multi-asset inflows of more than $4 billion were driven by solutions-based funding, particularly in the insurance outsourcing space and continued strong demand (11:37). Excluding return of capital of approximately $1 billion, net inflows of $2.3 billion into core institutional alternatives were broad-based, including alternative solutions, hedge funds, real asset, and fund-to-fund offerings. Fund raising momentum continued with an additional $1 billion of illiquid alternative commitments raised in the second quarter, bringing total unfunded commitments, a source of future net inflows, to approximately $11 billion. Active equity outflows of nearly $2 billion resulted from a single sub-advisory redemption. Overall, BlackRock's second quarter reflected continued growth and stability in a more volatile environment, and once again, demonstrated the value of our highly differentiated and diversified platform. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Gary and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Our second quarter results were driven by clients' continued trust in BlackRock, to help them navigate an increasingly unpredictable financial and economic landscape. Uncertainty and anticipation around the first Fed rate hike in nine years and concern related to the possible impact of a Greek Eurozone exit has led to persistent volatility in currencies, in risk asset prices, and global interest rates. Turmoil in China's equity market has reached unprecedented levels, and the impact of intervention is yet to be fully understood by our markets. Falling commodity prices continue to put pressure on commodity exporting economies, and both governments and corporations are being meaningful impacted by a relative currency valuations. Constrained liquidity conditions are further magnifying market stress and volatility, and I believe, this elevated volatility will be going forward, and I believe are part of the market. Both asset allocation to beta and alpha products in active management will be material drivers of returns for investors as they look to stay ahead of the changing market dynamics. Each of those drivers impacted client behavior in the second quarter. As we saw a shift inflows from a range of high-performing active products and iShares precision exposures, while experiencing redemptions in low-fee broad market index accounts. The investments we made in our platform over time once again has enabled BlackRock to create this highly differentiated investment solutions across asset classes, investment styles, and geographies for our clients. At BlackRock, we are focused on delivering our best thinking and resources to our clients and our portfolio management teams. The BlackRock Investment Institute continues to lead that discussion, as evidenced by a recent client call in Greece, which was attended by nearly 3,000 clients. This level of engagement by our clients is translating into increased partnership with BlackRock to meet their investment needs. And more clients throughout the world are looking for BlackRock and BlackRock's ideas, which we believe over a long cycle, will lead to more share of wallet with these clients. Our internal culture of information sharing and our relentless focus on risk management and performance in our active businesses is also enhancing BlackRock's ability to generate alpha on behalf of our clients and has resulted in strength across our active platform in performance and inflows. We've been very vocal about addressing the performance challenges in our active equity business. More than three years ago, we began upgrading our portfolio management teams in our Asian and U.S. fundamental active equity franchises. While we knew these changes will result in a near-term outflows and it would take our teams many years to build the performance track records, we have the conviction based on past successes in revamping our active fixed income business, and we kept our focus on the long term for our clients. We brought in new portfolio managers who are currently responsible for more than $50 billion in assets, and those managers are delivering on their objectives of generating high quality risk adjusted returns. We not only hired new talent, we invested in technology, we elevated young talent from organic growth internally, and linked the global equity platform together, to more effectively leverage the benefits of BlackRock. Since the respective start dates, those managers have generated more than $2 billion in alpha for the BlackRock clients. As a global firm, our objective is constantly outperform across our fundamental active equity platform, and we've seen top performance in a range of products and regions. For the three-year period, in the United States, our basic value fund is at 11th percentile. In Europe, our European value fund is in the fourth percentile. And in Asia, our Asian dragon fund is in the 16th percentile. In the second quarter, BlackRock saw improvement in our overall fundamental active equity performance figures with 78% and 61% of our AUM is above market or peer medium for the one- and three-year period. And strong long-term track records for our European and Asian equity franchises as Gary discussed is translated into flows, raising more than $3 billion collectively in the second quarter. We still have work to do with our fundamental active team, but we remain highly confident in the enhancements we made with the team that we have onboard and we are very encouraged by the direction the business is headed. We also saw continued strength in generation of strong performance across our model or scientific active equity platform. With 85% and 95% of our assets above benchmark or peer medium for one- and three-year period. And in our active fixed income, performance remained strong across the platform with 89% of our assets above benchmark or peer medium for the three-year period, translating into continued momentum and flows. Against the divergent and volatile backdrop and a challenged quarter for industry flows, BlackRock saw a total of net long-term outflows of $7 billion, as $24 billion of net inflows into active and iShare strategies was offset by a $31 billion net outflows in these low-fee institutional index strategies. Importantly, from a regional perspective, we saw $18 billion of net inflows in the Americas, offset by a net outflows of $25 billion from international clients who were more directly exposed to all the macro challenges that I discussed. As Gary discussed, focusing solely on organic asset flows misses a critical component of our story. BlackRock generated long-term organic base fee growth of 5% in the second quarter, reflecting the effectiveness of our differentiated business model and the combination of active and index on a single platform, as higher fee active flows drove robust revenue growth more than offsetting any revenue loss from our index outflows. In the second quarter, we saw sizable institutional index equity outflows driven by redemptions from international and official institutional clients due to a variety of cash needs and asset allocation decisions. A number of those outflows from institution clients, however, have been offset by inflows by the same clients into BlackRock's active strategies. This is a very important component that we all should be focusing on, because as we discussed how we are building our unique business model, having the ability to have clients internally move assets around whether it's from beta to active or active to beta, this allows us to continue to build deeper and more elongated relationships with our clients. Year-to-date, a desire to reallocate or address cash needs drove ten of our largest clients to redeem over $40 billion in institutional index assets. However, those same clients reinvested across BlackRock's active equity and fixed income, multi-asset and, also, alternative strategies resulting in a positive net revenue impact for the firm. This demonstrates the value, as I said earlier, of a deep strategic relationship we remain with our clients and validate strongly the strength of our solution-oriented business model. Second quarter active net inflows of $13 billion was driven by fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives. We remain bullish on the opportunities in active fixed income as investors stuck to a prolonged low rate environment searching for both yield and capital preservation. BlackRock generated $9 billion of active fixed income net flows across unconstrained, high-yield and total return strategies. The breadth and diversity of BlackRock's fixed-income platform resonated in the second quarter as clients reposition assets to achieve their investment goals. For example, our iShares high-yield range saw net outflows of $1.8 billion in the quarter. The top performance we have in our active high-yield franchise positioned us to capture $2.4 billion of net inflows. Alternatives was also a contributor to inflows in organic base fee growth in the quarter with $2 billion of net inflows. Alternative flows were led by alternative solutions, where BlackRock is leveraging our differentiated model, and our market position to construct outcome-oriented, multi-alternative portfolios for our clients. BlackRock continues to build out our capabilities and infrastructure, which is an important asset class that provides long-term returns for our clients. In the second quarter, BlackRock announced the acquisition of Mexico's leading independent managed infrastructure investment firm. This acquisition advanced to BlackRock's growth strategy all throughout Latin America, obviously, and including Mexico, and demonstrates our firm – strong commitment of being a leader in infrastructure investments. This is a continuation of the expansion of our infrastructure footprint in Mexico, following the partnership with Pemex, we announced in March. We also believe that building out our infrastructure platforms throughout the globe will make us a stronger and a more meaningful leading player in each local market. And I believe it's very imperative to understand, infrastructure investing for BlackRock will lead us to have a stronger mutual footprint as we grow out our businesses worldwide. And as I said repeatedly over years and years, we need to be a local firm in every country to build the trust and the strength as we become much more of a global platform firm. Technology remains a key area of focus and investment for BlackRock across all aspects of our business to enhance our investment process, client service, operational efficiencies, and our unifying Aladdin technology platform. Aladdin generated 14% revenue growth year-over-year and Aladdin's growing value as a third-party platform positions BlackRock to invest a consistent and growing stream of revenues into improving our technology and expanding our offerings. And indeed, more and more clients are looking for risk management platforms as more investors need to go more global, the need for a more robust capital market focused technology platform is more imperative today than any other time and BlackRock Solutions' Aladdin is becoming the driving risk management platform and that more and more clients are looking to take on. The next step into the evolution of our business and ability to generate alpha is a further harnessing technology to create innovative investment strategies for our clients. Over the last few years, we have become increasingly focused on becoming a data-driven company. Available data is exploding for the financial services industry and the true winners will be the firms that can extract information and package it into innovative solutions that generate alpha and outcomes for our clients. We recently hired Dr. Andrew Ang to be our head of our new factor-based strategy group. Andrew joins us from Columbia Business School and is an innovator in factor-based investing and portfolio construction. Technology is also going to become a more important part of our – adapting to our evolving fixed income landscape. Throughout the quarter, there has been elevated focus on the state of the fixed-income markets. There are a variety of dynamics at play including extraordinary monetary policy, increased bond issuance and regulatory reform, which has contributed to reduced dealer inventories and lower turnover. While media attention has only spiked in recent months, BlackRock has been focusing on the issues for several years, how to enhance our trading capabilities, how to enhance our portfolio construction and risk management, as well as being a thought leader on the topic. Going forward, it is important for all market participants to recognize that we can't turn back the clock. We need to shift the dialogue to look forward and focus on solutions. BlackRock hopes to play a constructive role in helping our clients meet the challenges of today's market environment. We are also making recommendations on what the regulators and market participants can do to help improve the market ecosystem using a three-pronged approach, including modernizing the market structure, addressing liquidity challenges at the product level, and embracing product innovation like fixed-income ETFs. As our client investment challenges evolve, so does the nature of the solutions they require. BlackRock's business model was deliberately built to deliver a multi-facet solution to our clients. And I don't believe any other investment firm can provide this multifaceted solution. BlackRock's ability to leverage these capabilities across a diverse global platform of active and index, equities, fixed income, multi-asset and alternative strategies, all backed by Aladdin analytics, risk management, and advisor capabilities, leading investment performance and client service – big sentence here – continues to result in improved outcomes for our clients and our shareholders. As always, I want to thank our employees for the continued dedication to working and to create a better financial future for our clients. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: your first question comes from Luke Montgomery with Bernstein.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Luke.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks. I really appreciate the addition of the organic revenue growth disclosure in the supplement, so thanks for that. I was hoping you might provide a little context – just a little more context around the various drivers of revenue yield and base fee growth between FX translation, AUM inflow mix shift and anything around the anterior rates of AUM and revenue yield as you head into Q3?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That feels like a half an hour answers though. Okay, Gary.
Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Managing Director: Well, Luke, we appreciate that you recognize that we are trying to add to a more appropriate disclosure for you guys. I think as we've talked about at length with you guys, the fee rates are constantly changing for us. It's a function of not only the organic component, which I think we're now demonstrating to everybody that is in our control. And as we continue to see stronger growth in our higher fee retail and iShares businesses, which carry higher fee rates on an organic basis. If nothing else changes in the world, we would expect the overall fee rate to be accretive for us. In other words, obviously, organic revenue growth in excess of organic AUM growth obviously helps that over time. However, we can't control things like divergent beta and FX. And obviously, as we've talked about over time, that will have an impact depending on where we go. In this quarter, it happened to help us, but in other quarters, it has hurt us over time. As you know, U.S. equities rose about 5% over the last year in terms of U.S. benchmark AUM that's about 32% of our equity base fees, but in fact is the lowest fee geography for us at around 13 basis points. On an FX adjusted basis, year-over-year, we saw EM in Europe down between 10% and 12% each, commodities down close to 30%, and those buckets are about another third of our equity base fees and have average fee rates significantly higher around 46 basis points. So in this case year-over-year the overall fee rate was down about 0.6 points or roughly to about 22 basis points due to that. But we benefited from some of that. In the current quarter, also, we had better mix and we had an additional day, which basically helped the sequential fee rate up close to 0.9 basis points.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look I would also add a little more color to what Gary just said. Three, four years ago, if we saw outflows in index funds, we may not have seen the active flows. What I think what is really illustrative of all the hard work we've done over the last few years is we are now part of that dialogue and more and more clients that we are able to do this. As we suggested, a lot of money that was, in terms of the outflows, was more cash need driven by our clients for rainy day issues and it's raining in some of the commodity-based economies, and so they're utilizing some of that. I think one of the things that is important to understand. I don't think the market understood how much flows that were generated by these large institutions internationally into the equity markets and in some cases, it's turned because they have needs for domestic needs, but we are seeing we have more increased dialogue on multi-assets in European equities, Asian equities, alternatives than we've ever had in the history of the firm. So, the dialog is more robust and certainly a lot more complete and I think that's a component of the story. As Gary said, we can't control FX, we can't control divergent beta. As Gary suggested, there has been quite a bit of divergent beta in the commodity-based stuff, even in the last few weeks of June or first few weeks of July, we've seen more divergent beta again. And so we can't control that but we certainly have and probably the key issue that we can control deeper, more robust conversation with more clients worldwide.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And then separately, now that IOSCO has filed the FSOC impact off the approach of indentifying specific asset managers as SIFIs in favor of a focus more on products and activities. Do you think that change in the odds of how the FSB will ultimately approach regulation of the industry and if we reached a favorable tipping point or it's not time to relax yet?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would not relax. I won't – I don't think we should ever relax. Obviously, let me just step back and say, A, if the market is a safer, stronger market and more people believe that the market is a great place, if regulation does add greater safety and soundness in the minds of more and more investors, we'll be the biggest beneficiary. So our whole approach to regulatory conversation is somewhat different than with some of the other leaders in the industry. We are – we have traditionally – and I continue to believe, we will continue to do that tradition of having a deep dialog with regulators using our international knowledge of what's going on and helping them try to understand what would be the best way to make a safer and sounder dialog. So, I don't want to say the conversation is going to be more relaxed in the future because we need to still work with the regulators, understanding what are the potential issues as the world becomes more dependent on capital markets. And that's happening now as the ecosystem change with higher capital standards with banks and more and more enterprises whether it's companies or individuals are using capital markets for raising capital, both debt and equity. We need a safe and sound ecosystem. And if it means that having more supervision in some of the activities, we may be in favor of that. So we are going to work towards building a safer and sounder capital markets, and we have enjoyed deep relationships with the regulators. And obviously they don't have to listen to us, they are our regulators. But, by having, what I would call, a constructive dialog, I believe it allows us to be part of that conversation, and hopefully, this will lead to a better outcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Alex.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, everyone. Larry, first question, on fixed income markets for you guys. Obviously, we saw a pretty big move in the ten year and the quarter, BlackRock's overall fixed income franchise did a pretty good job, obviously handling this move. When you look out, with respect to client's response to prospect of higher rate announcing the move we've seen so far, what are you hearing with respect to the overall allocations and just kind of the remix...
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I find this a humorous narrative. There is a big article a couple of days ago, I think even Barron had a big article about, oh, what's going to happen in fixed income. Hey, higher rates will lead to more players in fixed income, not less, and I'll get into that in a minute. Secondarily, 70% of our fixed income investors are pension and insurance companies. They're not influenced by market moves. They're trying to match a liability, and that's the problem with the narrative, they're not the players who're going to whip around the interest rates. But the true component is, so many pension funds and insurance companies were so harmed by lower interest rates. In some cases, we know many insurance companies have actually a wide gap – their liabilities are longer than their assets. So, if we actually saw a rising rate environment, this is actually quite additive to the balance sheets of insurance companies. If we saw a rise in interest rates, especially in the short end, the pension funds liabilities will look less onerous, because it's all based on their funding rate and the capital rate they used for their short-term rates. In fact, many pension funds, if we saw a real spike in interest rates, would (36:39) a lot of their pension liabilities. So, higher rates actually is good for most long-term investors and they're not particularly concerned about rising rates and they're going to have money, because their liability – they bought these fixed interest items against certain fixed-based liabilities. And so, they're not going to be that harmed on that. Now, they may have some accounting treatment differentials, but it's not going to be a big issue. And for those who believe they want to navigate around the potentiality of higher rates, they're going to navigate from a long-dated asset – longer duration fixed-income product to a shorter duration one. And for those who still need to be in more long duration, but they're going to go into more the unconstrained products that we are the leading driver in flows. So I think people just forget they're implying that everybody is a hedge fund when higher rates means everybody's going to be abandoning bond funds. Now some individuals were in fixed income because of safety and soundness. They don't generally whip them around either. They're going to hold them to maturity. But another thing, Alex, that I think we are miscalculating too, more and more money is going in defined contribution plans. More and more defined contribution plans are using target date types of structures. And last I checked, we're living longer, but more importantly we're all aging, at least I am. And as you age, you're going to have a higher component of fixed income. So I would tell you fundamentally, demographically, and all the things that we're structurally seeing the way people are positioned, higher rate is not a bad thing for the fixed income market for the core investors.
Alexander V. Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. All makes sense. And just a follow up I guess around the regulatory discussion. Given what it looks like more of an increased focus on liquidity and risk management on a product base as opposed to the, hopefully, a firm basis. Can you talk a little bit about the opportunity set to monetize Aladdin's capabilities of your sales or licensing the product to other asset managers since it seems like that's going to be the area of focus for a lot of your peers?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We are – we probably have increased dialogue for Aladdin than ever before. Unquestionably, higher regulatory supervision for activities would lead to more need for risk management. Aladdin is one of the – obviously, one of the risk management participants in the marketplace. Fiduciary standards are increasing – people want to have better understanding of their risk embedded. As more and more managers, embark in more – in a larger, more robust global portfolio, they need better risk analytics. And so, all this is leading to greater utilization for platforms like Aladdin. Obviously, we have many great competitors, so I'm not trying to suggest we're the only player, but we are in a very good position, to have deeper, longer, and probably more numerous conversations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Dan.
Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Can you discuss a little bit more detail about some of the rebalancing that is occurring in the index products. Maybe the type of customers, are the kind of discussions, something you anticipate ongoing and it does seem, I think you referenced most of it, coming from the EMEA region, but just a little more color that would be helpful?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think, I referenced what region. It's international what I said. We've had times, if you go back six quarters or eight quarters and we had big rebalancing then. People use beta as a place holder of a tactical allocation, I mean that's one thing that people still don't understand how much beta products are being utilized now for alpha. And there are many enterprises are tactically allocating whether overweighting or underweighting using beta products. And we see this more increasingly every day and in some – and in the second quarter and part of the first quarter, we saw some of the big utilizers who had beta as an alpha component of their tactical allocation for – in some cases, they were taking profits and then they – because of domestic issues, they are sitting with higher cash balances, some of them may have been a little more frightened of what's going on in some components to the world and are putting more and more money in cash. But more importantly, I would say, most of the tactical allocation was out of investment products, more into cash for domestic issues. And this was not a performance issue, this was not moving money from BlackRock to another manager in most cases. It was moving from BlackRock to another BlackRock product and in most cases, the money was used for domestic needs, work needs.
Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thank you. And then, Gary, a question on just the G&A outlook. It's been a volatile for you last few quarters, I guess. Are we still expecting a ramp into the back half of the year, and if you could help kind of think of – help us with some quantification around that?
Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Managing Director: Sure. Look, I think as we look at the quarter, I think there's no question that our second quarter margin benefited from a lower level of G&A spend. If you recall, last quarter, where many of you've pointed out a year-over-year decline in our operating margin, we communicated to you that we felt our reported year-over-year margin comparison really understated the operating leverage in the business. And I think this quarter, frankly, we had the opposite. I think that our 250 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion is overstated by a lower level of G&A spend that frankly is not likely sustainable. Look, part of the lower level of G&A spend in the quarter is better financial discipline in the current environment, but part of it is frankly simply expenses that came in lower than we expected, and I wouldn't – I really wouldn't read too much into it on a trend basis. It was simply a low G&A quarter relative to historical spend levels. Looking forward, I think I would say we continue to anticipate a higher, more normalized level of G&A spend in the second half of the year, and at this time, we're not intending to "push out," I think the words that you may have used, that reduce second quarter spend into the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Brian.
Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. A question on ETF and maybe if you could dissect the flows between core series and what you're seeing in the institutional usage. May be, Larry, if you can comment on.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I will let Rob.
Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm sorry.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I will let Rob comment on that one.
Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, sure. Yeah. Just a comment on the traction that you're getting in the financial advisory community on the core series and then also a commentary on institutional usage including hedging and may be as you mentioned as a substitute for fixed income, both cash trading and derivatives increasing usage of ETF.
Robert S. Kapito - President: So the exciting part of the ETF business is that as people become more aware of the benefits of ETFs, they're coming up with other uses for ETF. So it's become not only a way to express your view in the market, but you can express it in a much more precise way. So a lot of the flows that we're seeing are coming from this new usage. One of the new usage is as you cite is that ETFs became cheaper to use than futures. So we've seen a lot of institutions now as they become aware of that and we know how to talk about it, they are coming to us and asking us how they can use ETFs to better express their views in the marketplace. So we're seeing flows coming in from that as well as just a generic core. And as you know, the two segments are certainly the buy and hold segment and we have introduced the core ETFs for that and we're seeing growths in – growth in that to the tune of $3.8 billion, which is a 7% organic growth in the quarter. So we're very excited as that continues to grow. But at the same time, we're seeing those who are utilizing those for trading activities to express their views continue to grow as well. And a lot of that is in the high yield area, where they're expressing their views, positive or negative, so you see flows in that. And then you just see people that are actually looking at ETFs as a replacement also for their mutual fund business as well. So I think there is lots of opportunities in this. We're just beginning to scratch the surface and new uses for this. We continue to think that it's going to continue to grow going forward, and we want to be the innovator using ETFs to innovate and to solve people's issues in their portfolios.
Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And just in the quarter, I guess, the lower flows on the institutional side is more of a beta issue than anything structural that you're seeing?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we actually had good flows in the active side, and obviously, institutional side was all related to those beta stories that I discussed previously.
Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right, great. And then just a follow-up, Larry, maybe on the Department of Labor proposed rules on how do you think that might impact allocations in the 401(k) plans longer-term, and what it might mean for your target-date business if that's another catalyst for that business?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We shared the Department of Labor's goals in promoting better retirement and security. This is one of the big issues and we've been stressing. I do believe our retirement – our inadequacy in retirement is going to be the big story in the coming years. I do believe the elevated savings rates that we're just seeing so far in the first six months, possibly could be related to people starting to become more aware that they have an inadequate retirement plan. So, we will be vigilant and outspoken on retirement issues. Look, related to specifically your question, the need of investors are going to be differing, we all want good investment outcomes, and we need to make sure that we, as an industry, provide client choice – hopefully client choice with low cost. Cost is – it can't be primary because we have to be outcome-focused, obviously, outcome-focused with cost is the emphasis, not the other way around. So the DoL's indicated interest for our comments, we submitted the commentary, we're going to have to see, wait and see how this all plays out. I think – I don't believe we understand or have enough information to know how this will all play out. I think this will be evolving, but we are working constructively with the DoL, and whatever they determine, we'll – I'll be able to tell you in the coming quarters how that will play out for BlackRock and the impact. On the surface, it's going to have – it has impact on BlackRock, if it is as it is today, because it has impact on some of our distribution platforms, but we'll be able to navigate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris.
Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Quick question on your retail business. Clearly, it's been a great performer for you guys for quite a long while now, your top five. Just wondering at this point, what additional opportunities do you see for that part of your business? And really, I'm wondering due to the fact that your share has seemingly gone up quite a lot, just wondering if incremental gains at this point might be a little bit harder to come by?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Three years ago, four years ago, we started talking about our building out of retail. Three years and four years ago we started talking about building a stronger brand in retail. Two years ago, we integrated our retail and our iShares teams to be – to offer more outcome-oriented solutions that are – instead of just product pushing. And I think this has all created a more elevated position with our distribution platform. And I believe we have much more to go. We are still way behind other firms related to the RIAs. We still have deeper penetration to go with some of the big distribution platforms. And importantly, I believe because of our technology – because of Aladdin, I think we can provide better models from – to assisting our distribution partners in creating better models, better advice, and if we can continue to help our distribution platforms to be better at what they do, combination of beta products and alpha products, maybe with liquid alts, we should enjoy higher penetration of wallet, and I believe, we're just beginning on that path.
Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Craig – operator, we have time – we have 10 more minutes. So, if there is no one behind, Craig, we could carry on.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I think so I will get started here. So...
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): First, just on active ETFs. I'm wondering, do you guys have plans to launch some of your active products into a transparent ETF structure? And also, do you think your competition will more aggressively pursue this option just given the lack of non-transparent ETF options today?
Robert S. Kapito - President: Yeah, so, we've looked at this, we continue to look at this, and right now collectively, we're not sure that this is going to be a big opportunity in the marketplace. One of the benefits of the ETFs is the transparency, the diversification, and that enhances the trading and the liquidity of these. So, we're not sure that this is an opportunity we're going to pursue. We're thinking about it, and we'll just see how the market continues to evolve. So, we're not ruling it out, but right now, we're not looking at that, and we view that as something that will compete more directly with mutual funds than it will with the normal ETFs.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would – once again, I think I've said in the past. I think there's way too much emphasis on this product. We have said that we believe the ETF industry is going to go from a $3 trillion to $6 trillion industry. Active ETFs will be a component of it, but it will be dwarfed by the industry's growth in traditional beta products. Where you may see ETFs grow is really more based on model or smart beta products, so where you're going to have tilts, but I still don't see active ETF playing a large role in the totality of the market, and I agree with Rob. If there is growth in it, it's going to be growth that's going to be taking away more growth from traditional mutual funds.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And if I can just squeeze one follow-up here. I heard your commentary on the RIA market and how you'd like to increase market share there, but as demographics increasingly become difficult for 401(k) plans, what is your plan to increase your market share in the RIA segment?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I said the RIA – they were independents, not the – not IRIS, but I was talking about the independent advisor. So Craig, I'm not sure – I did not make a statement related that define (54:37) contribution on IRIS...
Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Managing Director: I think he's talking about RIAs.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But RIAs, we had very weak penetration three years, four years ago. We had very little visibility with many of the RIAs, and these are – we have to become a trusted partner. There are some other firms that have had a long-standing trusted relationship with these independent channels, and I – we are very pleased with the growth that we have in our RIA channel in 2015. And I expect, as I said earlier, that we're going to build more share because I do believe we can become another trusted advisor to their channels.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ken Hill with Barclays.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ken?
Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So I wanted to follow up on one of the earlier questions. You guys have a really nice story to tell on the fixed income market as ETFs play a greater role in supplying liquidity in what has otherwise been a pretty illiquid corporate bond market. When you think about the dynamics of ETFs playing a larger role longer-term, is there anything in there that you're particularly concerned about as these passive products grow as a percentage of the market? Do you think that really increases your regulatory bullseye here? And while it's still a relatively small piece of the market now, do you think there's a natural cap on how much of the market ETFs can make up?
Robert S. Kapito - President: So, our view of ETFs is a bit different. We think it actually enhances the liquidity of the markets because of the transparency. So you know what the underlying securities are. So there is a market in those. And then there's a market of those as a whole. And in periods of volatility, we've actually seen very little creation or redemption of any of those assets. We've actually seen the ETFs trade themselves. So, we think it enhances the liquidity. And, therefore, we think this market could continue to grow. So, we don't really – I wouldn't agree with you on illiquidity in the corporate bond market. It's just that it's been more one-sided because there's more demand right now. So there really isn't a large secondary market. I don't call that illiquid, I call that overdemand for yield securities because of the environment. So if interest rates rise, that will change a bit, but we think that this has been providing good opportunity in the marketplace, and just think of how large the fixed income market is, and when you take a look at that, any percentage, any small percentage increase in ETF, so the fixed income market is going to be very substantial and very large. So, we're very bullish on the future of ETFs and how large they can grow relative to the fixed income market.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But, let's just talk about market dynamics a little bit. So, ETFs are far more liquid and constructive versus a mutual fund. An ETF throughout the day has a buyer that matches with a seller. So every time you have a buyer matching a seller during the time, the underlying assets are not traded. And so, this is one of the – people don't understand – when they talk about this, they just not talk about the market dynamics. So for every buyer, there's a seller. You are not creating or redeeming the underlying assets. So for – during the market opening, the ETF is providing more liquidity. When you think about a mutual fund, a mutual fund in bonds is accumulating buys and sells throughout the day, and at the final – end of the day, they find out if they have to sell the underlying stocks or – excuse me, bonds at the end of the day or the next morning to get the cash. So, the ETF actually is, as Rob suggested, a provider of liquidity. It also creates a transparency of where the markets are, and it's – this is another surprise to me on the narrative, the narrative that you are able to transact bond sales and purchases in mass by utilizing one stock – you're able to reduce the underlying assets and the need for a lot of sales bonds, a lot of purchases bonds intra-day, and that's a major component of why ETFs are additive to the liquidity and more importantly, they create transparency. And we've been telling this story for years, we witnessed it. The Federal Reserve actually came out with a research report – this is more related to emerging market equities, on the same construct that it provided liquidity. So we're still dismayed at the narrative.
Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to imply that ETFs were part of the problem. I was just talking about dealer inventory levels and a relatively illiquid corporate bond market.
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, keep in mind, I don't know how dealers report because this is a stock. More and more dealers are big market makers in ETFs. And if it's under the equity desk, a bond ETF, because it's an equity, that's a major component of the business today.
Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Okay. I appreciate all the color there. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I just want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and for your continued interest at BlackRock. Once again, our second quarter highlighted the investments we made over many years to enhance the differentiated platform that we have – a platform that's diverse, a platform that's global, a platform that can work in both alpha and beta products. And I believe the second quarter was a good testimony to all that buildup. We continue to take a long-term view and hopefully, we're staying ahead of our clients' needs. And most importantly, as I suggested, when we have 3,000 clients calling in to – BlackRock Institute call, we're winning more and more hearts and minds of our clients, which in my – our deepest hope, that leads to larger share of their wallet. And if we continue to do that, we'll continue to drive performance for our shareholders in a landscape that is obviously very volatile. Everyone have a good quarter, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence Fink - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gary Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer Robert Kapito - President Matthew Mallow - General Counsel
Analysts: Glenn Schorr - Evercore ISI William Katz - Citigroup Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Robert Lee - KBW Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2015 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew Mallow : Thanks very much. Good morning everyone. I am Matt Mallow the General Counsel of BlackRock and before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results, may and most likely will of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today and additionally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, let’s begin the call. Gary?
Gary Shedlin : Thanks, Matt and good morning everyone. It’s my pleasure to be here to present results for the first quarter of 2015. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our quarterly financial performance and business results. As usual I will be focusing primarily on as adjusted results. We are committed to generating strong organic growth demonstrating operating leverage and maintaining a consistent capital management policy as a framework for generating long-term shareholder value.  Our first quarter results once again highlight the value of the investments we’ve made to assemble the industry’s broadest suite of active and index investment offerings and to deliver differentiated, customized investment solutions to our clients.  BlackRock delivered first quarter earnings per share of $4.89, up 10% compared to a year ago. Revenue rose 2% to $2.7 billion despite the negative FX impacts on our non-dollar denominated base fees and over $70 million of transaction-related revenue in last year’s first quarter. Operating income was $1.1 billion, 1% higher on a year-over-year basis. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected $58 million of net investment gains including a one-time gain of $40 million related to the fair value of our pre-existing interest in BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors. Our 23.7% as adjusted tax rate for the first quarter benefited from $69 million of non-recurring items. We currently estimate that 30% remains a reasonable projected tax rate for the remainder of 2015.  BlackRock’s first quarter results were driven by $70 billion of long-term net new flows representing an annualized organic growth rate of 6.5%. Flows were positive across all asset classes, investment styles, client types and regions and organic revenue growth once again outpaced organic asset growth.  Over the last 12 months, despite an increasingly volatile macro environment, BlackRock generated over $250 billion in total net new business representing a 5% long-term organic growth rate evidencing this fidelity of our highly diversified platform.  First quarter base fees rose 4% year-over-year as average AUM increased due to organic growth and market appreciation, despite almost $220 billion of negative FX impacts associated with dollar appreciation against foreign currencies over the last 12 months. On a constant currency basis, we estimate that base fees grew approximately 8% year-over-year. Base fees were roughly flat compared to the fourth quarter, primarily driven by a lower day count in the first quarter, entry rate headwinds and the continued impact of divergent beta and FX. Performance fees of $108 million were broad based, but nonetheless decreased $50 million from a year ago, due to the impact of a large fee associated with the liquidation of an opportunistic mortgage fund. BlackRock Solutions revenue of $147 million was down 5% year-over-year due primarily to declines in FMA transaction-related revenue and 14% sequentially due primarily to the timing of completed advisory assignments.  Our Aladdin business which represented 86% to the BlackRock Solutions revenue in the quarter grew 13% year-over-year, but was flat sequentially. The year-over-year increase was driven by several sizable clients going live on the Aladdin platform in 2014, while sequential results were impacted by the timing and recognition of certain revenues, as well as FX movements, we continue to see strong market demand for global investment platform consolidation and multi-asset risk solutions.  The year-over-year revenue decline in our FMA business resulted from meaningful transaction-based disposition activity during 2014. We continue to believe that our FMA business model is well positioned to benefit from partnering with sophisticated financial institutions and governmental entities to address the most complex balance sheet, risk and governance challenges in the ever changing political and regulatory climate. Total expense rose $38 million year-over-year or 2% driven primarily by increased G&A, AUM-related and direct fund expense. Employee compensation and benefit expense was roughly flat year-over-year as the combination of a stronger dollar and a global employee base offset and increase in headcount.  As we have previously noted, the first quarter adjusted compensation-to-revenue ratio generally runs higher than the full year due to the seasonality of payroll taxes. G&A expense increased $26 million year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher marketing and promotional expense, and the impact of a one-time real estate-related benefit in last year’s first quarter. Sequentially, G&A expense decreased $48 million, primarily reflecting seasonally lower marketing and promotional expense, lower foreign exchange remeasurement expense, and closed-end fund launch costs incurred in the fourth quarter of 2014 consistent with last year, aggregate G&A expense in the first quarter benefited from a delay in the timing of certain expense items, which will be incurred in the remainder of 2015.  We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value by first, reinvesting in our business, and then returning excess cash to shareholders. In line with that commitment, on March 6, we acquired certain assets of BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors, enhancing our credit platform to the addition of a middle-market private credit capability.  We previously announced a 13% increase in our quarterly dividend to $2.18 per share of common stock and also repurchased an additional $275 million worth of shares during the first quarter. Based on what we know today, this increased level of quarterly share repurchases represents a reasonable run rate for the remainder of 2015.  Our consistent earnings growth and stable financial results reflect the benefits of our diverse platform, long-term client partnerships and commitment to investment performance. First quarter long-term net inflows were nearly evenly split between our active and index franchises and were positive in each of our geographic regions. BlackRock’s global retail franchise saw long-term net inflows of $14 billion, representing at 11% annualized organic growth rate. Flows were driven by continued strength and outcome-oriented offerings including unconstrained fixed income and multi-asset strategy.  Despite slower net flows in the US mutual fund industry during the quarter, the diversity of our franchise and strong performance in active fixed income positioned BlackRock to continue to enhance its market share position. US retail flows of $7 billion reflected strong fixed income flows across a diverse set of props including our top defile total return and high yield franchises and our flagship strategic income opportunities fund which was again the industry-leading unconstrained bond fund during the quarter. International retail net inflows of $7 billion replaced by strong flows into our global unconstrained fixed income and multi-asset franchises. In addition, our leading European equities franchise benefited from a return to a risk-on environment and our top quartile Asian equity funds gathered more than $800 million in average inflows during the quarter. Global iShares generated over $35 million of net new business in the first quarter representing 14% annualized organic growth. iShares retained the number one market share position of flows globally with strong flows in each of our product segments, core, precision exposures including our minimum volatility, factor and currency head suites and financial instruments where we saw ongoing momentum in replacing swaps and futures with ETFs.  iShare’s results were led by fixed income net inflows of $19 billion and we again captured the number one global market share of the industry’s fixed income ETF flows. Equity flows of $17 billion were driven by flows into the core series and demand for international developed market and European exposures.  iShare’s flows were also diverse quite globally, with particularly strong growth in Europe where we are seeing broad based acceleration in ETF adoption across all segments and all asset classes. European iShare’s flows of $15 billion in the quarter represented annualized organic growth of over 25%.  Our institutional business generated approximately $21 billion in long-term net inflows for the quarter, the highest institutional flows we have seen since the BGI acquisition. Institutional index net inflows were led by strength in index equity, driven by defined contribution flows, offsetting outflows in our traditional defined benefit business.  Institutional active net inflows of $18 billion reflected BlackRock’s strong multi-asset capabilities and top performing fixed income platform. Multi-asset inflows reflected significant solutions-based funding, particularly in the insurance outsourcing space and strong demand for our dynamic diversified growth strategy and our LifePath target-date series.  During the quarter, we also saw the funding of a $2 billion unconstrained fixed income separate account. While institutional active equity flows were flat for the quarter, we saw inflows of nearly $2 billion into our scientific active equity business, where 96% of assets are performing above benchmark over a five year period.  Bar-belling continues to be a key strength as institutional clients pair cost effective beta exposure with alternative and other high conviction alpha solutions to achieve uncorrelated returns net of approximately $700 million of capital success in return to clients, institutional alternatives generated $1 billion of net new business, led by infrastructure and hedge fund solutions.  In addition, we had another strong fund raise in quarter for liquid alternatives raising more than $2 billion in new commitments and now have over $10 billion in committed capital to deployed for clients.  $800 million of net new flows from the recently announced ABR re-transaction funded in April and are not included in first quarter results. In connection with this funding, we will incur a product placement fee of approximately $5 million in the second quarter.  In summary, in the quarter marked by continued volatility and divergent macro trends, our diversified business continue to deliver stable financial results.  With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry. 
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call. Our strong performance over the last quarter’s result of the significant investments we made in our firm over the last few years. The investments we made in our people, the investments we made in our process and importantly, the investments we made in our technology, all of which have been driven by our efforts to continually adapt to our changing market environments, the changing world environments, and to meet the needs of our clients. BlackRock is focused on helping our clients navigate an increasingly difficult, unpredictable, and divergent financial and economic landscape. Investors today are faced with volatility in currencies and commodity markets; they are faced with sustained low and even negative interest rates and shifting long-term macro trends including longevity, and the significant impact on technology on jobs.  Divergent economic conditions and Central Bank actions have sent currency markets into one of the most volatile periods on record affecting both developed economies such as Japan, and the Eurozone, as well as the emerging markets. The relative value of the US dollar and associated currency volatility is obviously having a rapid and material impact on large multinational companies.  But it’s also affecting smaller US companies and consumers, whereas a result of advancements in technology are increasingly buying and selling products in a virtual global economy.  Historic low rates have been having a tremendous impact on how investors save for the future. The flow of funds in search of returns to meet future liabilities is growing larger everyday. This mix of growing assets of shirking supply of low rates is creating a dangerous imbalance and the increasingly desperate search for yields is now the greatest single source of prudential risk in the financial system.  At the same time we are seeing a powerful changes in longevity and retirements and the investments in technology making the global economy and the way capital flows throw up flow through it and this is having a major impact in how we and our clients are living, how our clients work and how we invest. At BlackRock we are constantly looking at the world and at ourselves to assess whether our platform, our services, our strategies can help our clients meet the challenges of evolving investment landscape. The need to anticipate changes and develop solutions is why we have deliberately equipped BlackRock’s business model with such a wide range of capabilities, a capability of no other asset manager possesses.  The issue impacting financial markets are beyond our ability to control, but what we can control at BlackRock is how we respond to these issues, how we build out our platform, how we execute our strategies we’ve set forth for our business and how we deliver investment solutions to our clients. BlackRock’s first quarter results demonstrate the investments we made to differentiate our platform over time are driving value for our clients and most certainly are driving value for our shareholders. In the first quarter, BlackRock generated $70 billion of long-term net inflows representing a 6.5% quarterly annualized organic growth rate and a 5.5% organic growth rate over the last 12 months. Similar to our fourth quarter in 2014, we had a diverse composition of flows, something that was very, very important for me as I think about our business. This composition flows is positive across our client base, positive across asset classes, regions and investment styles.  Particularly, we are seeing a significant momentum in our active business where we experienced the highest total active flows we’ve seen since 2007 at $32 billion representing a 9% organic - annualized organic growth rate in the first quarter.  Roughly, two-thirds of the assets BlackRock manages are related to retirement. So core of what we do? And particularly we are focused on helping investors shift their focus away from the next day and towards an annual income and retirement. This is a difficult adjustment for many investors but a critical one for helping our clients achieve their goals. They face significant challenges in a narrow zero rate environment, or by allocations of loans are insufficient to meet the liability burdens of pension funds, to meet the needs of insurers, and to meet the needs of our individual investors.  The diversity and strength of BlackRock’s fixed income business is helping investors in all types to navigate that environment and drove $36 billion of net inflows, across our global platforms. We continue to benefit from strong performance across our fixed income business, where 91% of our active taxable fixed income AUM is above benchmark or per medium for a three year period.  SIO is in the 14th percentile. High yield bond is in the 10th percentile and total return is in the second percentile and the first percentile over one year. Clients also continue to adopt iShares’ fixed income ETFs as an efficient asset allocation and exposure tool. And iShares remains the global leader in fixed income in the first quarter capturing the never won market share of flows of 53% with $19 billion of net inflows. Today, investors are increasingly focused on outcome-oriented strategies that target specific goals while they are generating an income stream preserving capital, or growing assets within a certain risk profile and they are moving beyond the balance of traditional fixed income strategies into global, unconstrained or multi-asset strategies to achieve those objectives.  BlackRock’s multi-asset platform the combination of our investment management expertise, a robust portfolio of construction business and superior risk management, is all leveraging or unifying the Aladdin platform enabling us to provide investment strategies that will help our clients achieve the investment outcome inline with their needs and their objectives.  To counter low yields, retail investors are leveraging our multi-asset income fund which has a wide net across asset classes to tap into income opportunities both within and beyond bonds and has a dynamic approach to balancing risk, return and income, while seeking to mitigate volatility. Institutional investors are similar trained to our dynamic diversified growth fund for diversification for stable returns and also manage volatility.  Our ability to have deep and robust dialogue with our clients and to work closely with them and to provide some thought leaderships is what is allowing us to provide more tailored, customized strategies and this is a very important component of what is transforming BlackRock with our clients, the breadth of products as I said earlier, our risk management capabilities and you dovetail it altogether, we have a more and deeper dialogue with more clients than we’ve ever had in our 27 year history. We saw more than $9 billion of solution-based funding for insurance clients in the quarter as they continue to search for holistic solutions to navigate a low-yield environment, the transformational partnerships with the combination of a true One BlackRock effort and the resulting mandates span the best of our firm from active to passive to alternatives, all powered by risk management and Aladdin capabilities. These custom solution assignments leveraged our complete platform, they build deeper and more robust relationships with our clients and clients are finding out that no other firm in our industry has the capabilities to create this type of partnership and to replicate these types of capabilities.  One key area where we are continuing to build out those capabilities even further is in infrastructure. Infrastructure investments help our clients access an alternative asset class that provides inflation protection diversification, and the potential of our capital appreciation and importantly for so many of our clients a long duration returns.  A key aspect of our work has been to promote improved public private partnerships which jointly increase opportunities for investors and to help governments access much needed sources of capital to drive economic growth to create countries to have a better economic future to improve the quality and life of countries and to create job creation. This is a perfect marriage of building a base of clients and their capital with the needs of countries and building a better economic future and this is one of the strong reasons why we are emphasizing infrastructure over the next coming years as a major component of our positioning at BlackRock, our positioning with the client, and our positioning with various countries of the world.  In March we teamed with PEMEX, Mexico’s national oil company to finance two natural pipelines, gas pipelines, critical to Mexico’s continued economic growth. The partnership builds upon the well established track record of our existing infrastructure business and by extending our infrastructure footprint in Mexico, will offer BlackRock’s local and international clients access to a previously untapped investment opportunity.  Another area where we continue to invest is technology, which is always been central to our business model. Our Aladdin platform which we transformed from an internal risk and investment management system to a revenue generating business providing a unique competitive advantage for BlackRock.  Aladdin revenues grew 13% year-over-year and increasing value as third parties operating platforms position BlackRock to consistently invest a growing stream of revenues into improving our technology, into expanding our technological offerings, to powering a constant upgrade cycle for the Aladdin community and driving a network effect benefits for our clients and for our shareholders.  Technology has not only shaped the way BlackRock serves clients through Aladdin and how we view risk management, it also drives the way we build investment solutions. Technology and data science are enabling BlackRock to bind our fundamental investment expertise with the best of our scientific and index investing to create innovative investment strategies. And we are investing in people with exceptional strong backgrounds in data technology to drive this effort.  Another area where we have been building out our capabilities is to meet the growing demand from investment offerings that have a measurable positive social impact; I would infrastructure as one of those capabilities. In the first quarter, we announced the launch of our new BlackRock impact platform which will truly unify the firm’s approach to impact investing where we currently manage more than $225 billion in assets.  As a fiduciary, BlackRock thinks seriously our responsibilities not only to provide the investment performance and the solutions our clients need, but we also are taking a leadership role in advocating for the best – for our clients’ best interest and those of the broader market and economy when it comes to long-term investment by the companies we invest on behalf of our clients. These efforts are led by our corporate governance team which engages extensively with thousands of companies in order to help foster the best long-term outcomes for those companies and by doing so increasing value for our clients. Our corporate governance team has a gold standard for the industry and is another key differentiating factor for BlackRock and our responsibilities with all our clients. As part of our engagement effort, earlier this week I sent a letter to CEOs globally including those of every company in the S&P 500 urging them to engage on key governance matters then in our experience supports long-term and sustainable financial performance.  We recognize that some of the market dynamics that I described earlier present an overwhelming challenge for companies working to reset short-term pressures, but companies can help diminish these pressures and improve their own positioning by developing and articulating a clear convincing and creating a long-term strategy and long-term value.  These efforts will help them attract long-term stakeholders and lay the foundations for a stronger, a more sustainable, and more stable economic growth for our country and other countries around the world.  Once again in the first quarter we initiated some truly innovative and unique mandates that will drive our long-term value for our clients and our investors. Our PEMEX partnership is the first of its kind since Mexico passed its historical energy reform since 2013. We announced several highly customized solution mandates to help our global insurance clients navigate a historical challenging interest rate environment.  We partnered with Ace to launch a new vehicle that pairs the strength of their insurance businesses with our ability to provide best-in-class investment returns. And in Asia, we are expanding our relationships with some of the world’s largest asset owners in new ways, in one big case using Aladdin to better understand risk and enhancing the quality of returns and clients portfolio and a second case, employing our transition management team to both implement a lion mark asset allocation changes that a client is undertaking in an effort to stimulate their nation’s economy. Individually and collectively, these mandates demonstrate the BlackRock creativity, BlackRock’s innovation, and the breadth that BlackRock provide for solution-oriented offerings. And more importantly, through that process, this creates and fosters deeper and more meaningful relationship with our clients which will then allow us to have and working with them a larger share of their wallet. It is the strengthening of these relationships, our relentless focus on improving the firm that will drive our future growth, and will drive and create long-term value for our shareholders.  Once again I want to thank our employees for the continued unwavering dedication in creating a better financial future for our clients. I want to thank the employees for being excellent students of the financial market to be prepared to answer questions for all our clients and with that, I’d like to open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Hi Glenn
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I guess, I’ll focus on the retail side of the house. You continue to make progress, you made a lot of investments, it’s paying dividends, $14 billion in this quarter, $11 billion last quarter and you’ve changed some of the way that you comp your people there. So, I consider BlackRock a big winner and some of the fiduciary changes, the Department of Labor is suggesting, but I am just curious how you think about it on both the iShares side of the house but also the traditional retail distribution, because it impacts you guys in a lot of ways. 
Laurence Fink: The DOL proposal?
Glenn Schorr: Correct, correct. 
Laurence Fink: First of all, there is a 75 day common period and we have to recognize this is just a proposal and it may evolve and change. I said all along, we are a huge supporter of regulatory efforts in the protection of clients’ interest. I think as you just suggested, if clients feel more secure in their investments, and they believe that their investments will indeed produce the outcomes that they are looking for, no firm is a better winner on having more participation in financial markets than BlackRock. So, on a macro basis, we are a huge supporter of making the investment world somewhat better for the investors, so the investors feel that they have a equal opportunity to win over the long run. As proposed, there is certainly going to be changes in how people navigate their interest. As you suggested, we are – in some categories, some people have said this is going to benefit indexing more than active. We are not 100% certain there, but obviously, we will be a big beneficiary of this. We have benefited and are proven in retail and iShares has to do with as you said, we have built a bigger and a more robust team working with our client base. We combined our retail and iShare sales force to provide what we call a client-centric approach. We are agnostic about beta products versus alpha products. We are trying to help and achieve outcomes and I don’t think we are harmed in anyway related to whatever that’s proposed in the DOL, but this – what DOL is doing is actually playing into our approach of how we are trying to navigate beta products and alpha products, mutual fund products with index and ETF products. So, we are well positioned for that, but I do believe we are well positioned because how we organize ourselves for related to client-centric approach. 
Glenn Schorr: Fair enough. I guess, the only follow-up I had is, is at the highest level, couldn’t agree with you more, $70 billion of flows, very broad based. It underscores all the points you made. At the end of the day, when I look at it and I see flat operating leverage and flat margins albeit at very high levels, it just took me back a drop and I just don’t know if they are just a bunch of moving parts with some of the year-on-year stuff and the FX impacts. So, wonder if you could… 
Laurence Fink: I am going to let Gary talk about it. I think Gary could give you a little more color on the FX. 
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate. Thanks.
Gary Shedlin: Well, I think your question is specific to the operating leverage and margin point. So, I would say the following, Glenn. I think first of all, let’s break it down. If we look at the revenue side, obviously, the revenue was impacted as we said by about $70 million and in the year ago quarter that we would deem more opportunistic. So obviously, that’s a big chunk of that came from the performance fee and then we had some significant transaction-related revenue in our FMA business. Obviously, then we got the FX impact and we noted that on a constant currency basis, we think that base fees alone would have been probably up closer to 8% year-over-year. Then we look at the expense side, and I think on the expense side, we are obviously benefiting to a certain extent from significant non-dollar expense that we have. We have about 5800 employees that sit outside of the Americas that represents close to – I think 47% or 48% of our total employee base. But obviously, notwithstanding that, there is still margin associated with our non-dollar sources of profitability. So, I think, what I would suggest to you, I hate these start to get into a so-called normalization, because who knows what the definition of normalization is and that’s a difficult concept. But I would say that on a more recurring basis, if we thought about our – both our revenues and expenses, there is obviously been some timing differences that we also noted on the expense side versus last year in terms of the real estate credit and taking into account FX more broadly, we look at our own business on a more normalized basis and we’d suggest that we see positive year-over-year margin improvement and operating leverage. 
Glenn Schorr: Okay. I appreciate that guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Katz with Citi. Please go ahead. 
William Katz :
Laurence Fink: Hi, Bill.
William Katz : Hey, good morning guys. Thanks so much for the update. First question I have is maybe we stand the expense side for a second, Gary, you mentioned you expect to see a bit of a seasonal pick up in G&A as you go forward. Just sort of wondering, where the growth might be and how we might be able to frame it out in absolute dollars?
Gary Shedlin: I’m sorry, Bill, you are talking about expense more broadly, or?
William Katz : Well, I think, you mentioned G&A was seasonally low, timing was little bit delayed for some of the initiatives. So I was curious of what – where you focus on in terms of the initiatives and then absolute dollar size, what kind of rate of increase are we talking about? 
Gary Shedlin: Yes, I mean, we obviously, try not to give a whole lot of guidance on that. But I do think that we tend to see a little bit of a lower ramp up in our G&A spend at the beginning of any part of the year. And I think as we mentioned on a sequential basis, versus the fourth quarter, we obviously had – we basically benefited from the fact that we didn’t have a closed-in funds launch in this quarter that we did mentioned that we’ll be having about $5 million of product placement fees associated with AVR RE. There is obviously some FX re-measurement stuff that also goes on that creates some noise quarter – quarter-to-quarter. But I think generally speaking, we haven’t really changed our estimate for run rate G&A over the course of the year. It just means that a lot of it’s going to be pushed into the latter part of the year as it was last year. 
William Katz : Okay, and as a follow-up question, I may have Larry or yourself, scientific turned around a little bit this quarter, you have great performance. How much of that is market share gain versus sort of a step-up of demand and the broader question is, you mentioned both passive and alternatives or high concentration alpha, where is the market in terms of more generic long only relative value you mandate these days? 
Gary Shedlin: Well, we are seeing increased flows as you suggested in our scientific equity offerings. We are seeing more – we have more dialogue on our model-based, factor-based products and we have had now in five years. I was frustrated as you know in other calls over the years that we have not seen as much flows in that area. I think as some fundamental products have underperformed and people are starting to recognize that 96% of our SAE products are above our peer medium over five years. And I think there is more interest today than we’ve seen in over five years for some type of model-based, factor-based investment strategies. You are seeing more and more in the mutual fund, even in some cases, ETFs more smart beta type of products. And I believe this is going to finally begin a period of substantial momentum in these areas. And so I do believe you are going to see shifts in that area as an industry more towards smart beta factor-based investing. And I am not suggesting fundamental is going away, it’s not. And so, but I believe we are positioned at BlackRock to benefit from that re-looking at the scientific or model-based equity. We intend to be announcing some very substantial hires in this area. I talked about data management. We believe other sources of information like big dad is going to be an important component to how one looks at investing and so we are investing in these areas to – for the fundamental and our scientific side. And this is probably one of – this is going to be one of our more exciting offerings in the coming years and this is an area that I believe is going to finally start to seeing accelerated growth. So, it’s not a matter of share, Bill, as you ask, it’s a function of the world is re-focusing on these products. Both on the retail side and the institutional side. 
William Katz : Okay, it’s helpful. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler : Hey, thanks. Good morning everyone. With many large prime money market funds converting to government funds now, and now the LCR also requiring banks to hold more short-term government paper. How do you think the demand supply dynamic will impact T-bill yields and accordingly the yields for government money market funds here?
Laurence Fink: I will let Rob talk about that.
Robert Kapito: So, obviously, [Indiscernible] changes and where rates are going to go over the next year are going to have a pretty big impact than where we are going to see flows in the money market arena. So right now, we are seeing more flows internationally than domestic. We are seeing more clients than in government and if rates change that will reverse. So we are taking an approach where we have gone out to our clients and talking about the future regulation and preparing products for them that will make sense depending upon where rates are. So, some of those things sort be for example. We are going to be going with constant net asset value, government money market funds and those will be without redemption gates or liquidity fees. We have the floating net asset value of institutional prime money market funds and we plan to maintain our largest prime fund which we have about $66.5 billion and that’s the temp fund and that will be our private institutional fund. And then we have others that were preparing a floating rate short maturity institutional prime money market fund and a constant NAV government money market fund and short maturity national and state-specific muni funds. We are also prepared to do separate accounts. So, it really is going to depend upon where the regulation ends. Of course, you know that the implementation date of all of these new products are around October of 2016. So, I think working together with our clients to make sure that we are prepared, no matter where rates go is important for us and year-over-year, we have about $39 billion that’s been added into the cash fund. That’s about a 15% year-over-year growth. So there is still a lot of demand for money market type products and it will just change some of the nuances to be able to apply with the regulatory issues. But this is a big business for us and we also see some of the smaller money market groups approaching us as well because scale and size is also going to be very important to be able to satisfy our clients’ needs. 
Craig Siegenthaler : Thanks, Rob. Just as my follow-up here. I was wondering if you guys can provide some background of flow trends between the retail focus core series and also your higher fee generating equity EPS and you know what while it’s positive to see growth, it seems like there maybe a little bit of a mix shift undergoing in the equity business. So maybe you can just provide some color here.
Robert Kapito: So, certainly there is a big change in mix depending upon performance and also depending upon what areas clients are focused on. So there is two-parts to that question. One is, people looking on an institutional basis for precision exposures in particular areas like emerging markets which would have a higher fee versus, buy and hold segments that are looking to supplement what they own with ETFs and what they call a core series. Now, there is a difference in fee between the precision instruments like in emerging markets and the core series which is more of a buy and hold segment. So, quite frankly, we are seeing growth in both of those right now. But, this is an area that is starting to gain attention. It’s starting to mature and what we are trying to do is develop a core set of products that is going to be for the buy and hold segment. We continue to round that out. We had over $12 billion that’s going into that core segment. In the quarter, we’ve had about a 25% organic growth in this global core segment versus just a 14% overall market share in the iShares business. But the point here is that, there is a somewhat of a fee shift, but it’s not that dramatic and it’s not the overriding factor in people buying these iShares. Its segmentation is spilling out their portfolios and what they want and then of course you have to be competitive in what they are buying. But we don’t see an overall dramatic change in the pricing and this removing from high fee to lower fee, particularly where you need.
Laurence Fink: Craig, I would also add, in terms of the fees and fee mix, as I emphasize, we saw strong flows in fixed income and so some of that you are just saying, the fee mix change because of great flows into fixed income ETFs. So, as Rob discussed, it’s not necessarily moving from one product in equity to another. So, I would tell you there is a constant amount of pressure to making sure we are competitive related to fees. We are going to continue to have that pressure and we want to be a leader in that. And so, we are very comfortable with the mix of business and how business is evolving. But more, we are winning new clients that we did not have or more buy and hold where this was not where BlackRock had great market share and as we penetrate more and more of the independent advisors that historically was more the landscape of a vanguard, where we are starting to see increased flows in our core series. So it’s not that we are seeing a substitution with some of our clients, we are penetrating more in different clients. As Rob said, we are penetrating more buy and hold clients too. So, we look at this as our broadening of our platform not necessarily an outright fee mix change. 
Craig Siegenthaler : Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Please go ahead. 
Laurence Fink: Hi, Robert.
Robert Lee : Hi, thanks. Hey guys. Good morning. I have a question really on the – I wanted to on the DC business. I guess, first question is, you certainly have had very strong fixed income flows, but just curious in your perspective have you seen the replacement activity in the 401(k) market that has been talked about for a while. I think you guys expected and kind of maybe how do you feel like if that’s happening if you are kind of getting your fair share of that activity? 
Laurence Fink: We grew, in the first quarter, defined contribution business by $20 billion, so, I am not sure if that’s a fair share. I believe it is, I think we had a very good quarter of defined contribution. We are investing quite a bit which then represents about 14% organic growth. So, we are well positioned in it. We are increasingly working on more trends that are impacting in a favorable way for us. So, keep in mind, what are the trends in DC. There is a greater trend towards open architecture, really good for us in BlackRock. I mean, historically, we were harmed by close architecture, more open architecture allows us to provide our products. Two, in DC, there is a greater demand for indexation that obviously plays into our strength. Three, as a innovator in target date, we are benefiting from that. So, do you add those three combinations plus, we have witnessed in lot of the $20 billion of flows because our strong active fixed income performance we are seeing accelerated flows in those DC plans that are consistent and staying with the active strategies. So, across the board, I would tell you, we have – probably, as large of opportunities in DC than we’ve had in years, and years, and years and much of it has to do as I discussed earlier, our positioning, our strength in performance in fixed income, our strength in designing target date products and moving towards indexation, and much of it has to do with, DC market not growing as a whole. In fact, there is a belief that DC can slowly start decreasing as the men and women are getting closer to retirement are spending what they accrued. But I believe BlackRock has a great opportunity in front of us to gain market share and we are very well positioned in product and we are well positioned to take advantage of this because our positioning in the index and in active fixed income. 
Robert Lee : Okay, great. Thanks. And then, maybe just one follow-up on the ETF business, I mean, obviously, business is going gangbusters in the US, outside the US and I am just curious, I mean, you guys have come up with different ETF product structures and I am thinking of particularly of kind of some of the term date fixed income strategies you’ve come up with, developed. And it doesn’t feel like those particularly have taken off. I am just kind of curious to know your thoughts on that, just it would seem to be a kind of ideal structure for these low rate environment if investors are nervous about higher rates to kind of turn things out. But, just, kind of your thoughts on why maybe that hasn’t taken hold as much as you would have – maybe should have – would have expected? 
Robert Kapito: So, your guess is as good as ours. We try to have different products in the pipeline to satisfy what we think our clients should be looking at. But there is a whole product process here of awareness going on a socking to clients that will take them a while to understand what the product is, they like to see its performance a bit before they invest in it. So, I can’t tell you exactly why we think that it makes sense as you do. But we like to have different products in the pipeline and actually we have pretty high aspirations for these. One of the ones that I am a little disappointed in is, is the iBonds that we have, because it really fits a client’s portfolio so much better than buying individual bonds and taking to risk of the bid offer spread and having more liquidity and pricing diversification and look through treatment. So, I am a little disappointed, but, if I axe on that and not propose the fund, I can tell you took about ten years to get our emerging markets fund off the ground and see real money come into it. So we are just going to go out there, if we think it’s a good product, talk to our clients, make sure we have the awareness, show them the positives of it. Be able to evaluate the performance and then I hope that it catches on. This is very different than some others and you tell me what they caught on. We have our mid ball strategy, the currency hedge. It also is a matter of when you produce the product and what’s happening in the market at that particular time. So, I think for us, our growth strategy is to continue that, come out with innovative ideas. Have a pipeline of these. Make sure we are in the markets and then over time depending upon those environments, the factors and awareness that will ground. 
Robert Lee : Great. Thanks for taking my questions guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Laurence Fink: Hi, Ken.
Ken Worthington : Hi good morning. Just one question on the regulatory front for me, really looking at FSOC and SIFIs, so, how is the conversation evolving with regulators on systemic risk today? I guess, to what extent is the conversation still moving for of the corporate risk to the product risk? And then how effectively do you think the asset management industry is at kind of regulator education and is it really effectively making its case?
Laurence Fink: I think the dialogue at the FSOC in the United States is principally activity-based. In Europe, it was going towards activity-based, it has migrated a little bit to more corporate-based and activity-based. It is in a common period that we are sending comments to the FSB related to that. I think there is going to be a long dialogue. There was a meeting earlier this week at the – I think that’s our reports related to it, related to the FSB meetings in New York with large investment management companies. I would say from BlackRock’s perspective, a year ago, year-and-a-half ago, it’s was pretty lonely for us that we were one of the few firms having those meetings and educating regulators related to the risk associated with asset managers. We always note importantly that the asset management industry represents less than 20% of the capital markets. Asset owners are principally the largest players. They manage their own money and they play a significant role too. So if you want to effect the ecosystem and making sure the ecosystem is safe and protected for society and for investors as we said publicly and we continue to try to educate it has to be activity-based. And today now, because of the efforts of the FSB, tens of asset mangers are now working alongside us. Industry groups are working alongside with us. So I am actually pretty thrilled that there is more companies, more people hoping spending time educating. I don’t know what the solution or the outcome will be, but we look at this as a long-based process. We want to be constructive that it’s our number one responsibility in making sure that in the end, it leads to a better sounder financial system. If we have that as I talked about other issues related to long-term, I think BlackRock is a biggest beneficiary of more participation by more people because they believe it’s a safer environment to invest will be all, I am all in favor of it. However, there are difference of opinions and we are trying to push our opinions. It’s going to be a long process. It’s going to be very public about how the process plays out. I don’t feel any – I actually believe the process is more robust now with more conversation that we’ve had in a long time and we’ll see how this all plays our, Ken. I don’t, I can’t give you any degree of where this is moving internationally. I would be kind of odd as the FSOC is moving towards outcome activities that therefore becomes in a different way, I would then question is this a Europe versus US phenomenon. It’s interesting to know what Europe is doing with Google and other issues in technology, attacking US technology companies. So, I am – we are participating this. We are going to be good corporate citizens and we are trying to do our best in education. 
Ken Worthington : Great, that was very helpful. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our final question will come from the line will come from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Mike.
Michael Carrier : Thanks guys. Hi. Hey, Gary, maybe just a follow-up on the margins and I understand a year ago like the elevated BRS and performance fees, if I just take the second quarter going forward and thinking about the year-over-year trends, organic growth coming in above 5%, markets up, and obviously got the FX hurdle. As we start to looking at second quarter, third quarter going forward, assuming these trends are similar. Should we still see that year-over-year ability to generate operating leverage or is there something changing on the expense front? And I know there is a lot of moving parts, but just wanted to get a sense relative to the first quarter year-over-year trend.
Gary Shedlin: Michael, I am going to go back to something Larry said in his comments. It’s about what we can control and what we can’t control. So, I think we feel incredibly comfortable with our ability to grow organically and we feel incredibly comfortable with the ability to manage our expenses as we have over the last four plus years and as you know notwithstanding reinvesting over $1 billion back into the business through the P&L, we have expanded the margin over 350 basis points during that time. But there is certain things we can’t control, I mean, which obviously is beta and FX and notwithstanding all of those things, which clearly is impacting our fee rates year-over-year. We still think if we have kind of stable markets, we are very much committed to the original margin guidance we’ve ever – we’ve always given people which is that we think that our business has obviously benefits from scale in a bunch of areas and we see no reason that we won’t be able to continue to evidence margin improvement that we have over the last three plus years. 
Michael Carrier : Okay, that’s helpful and then just quick follow-up, this is two quarters, I think in a row that you guys have commented above like a 6% organic growth rate. And Larry, I think, when you talk about all the trends and the products that you offer, what you guys are doing on the distribution front. It makes sense that new clients are gravitating towards lot of the offerings. I think when you guys look at investments being made currently for the outlook, do you – like what ending do you feel like you are in, in terms of still being able to either launch new products or gain additional share in certain distribution channels to be able to be in this, whether it’s a 5% organic growth rate, but obviously it’s been higher than what we’ve been used to? 
Laurence Fink: Sure. So, I think we are now starting to witness the impact of having better performance in our active products, especially fixed income. Two, our expansion in the RIA channels and the buy and hold channel is now being exhibited in their mutual funds. It’s been exhibited in our core series ETF products and I can underscore and that’s how we are building on and expanding our global platform and I am using infrastructure also as a mechanism to get stronger within these areas, countries, side-by-side building our brand in those countries, building our opportunities in those countries. Obviously, that’s a long-term strategy, Michael, that’s not something that we are going to witness and see significant changes. That’s a good example of a five, seven year investment where we see on behalf of our clients, but it also has a very significant impact on our positioning in the various countries as a leader in the investment business. So, you think about those investments. We are – I think we are going to continue to build market share in retail. We witness that for four straight years. Two, I think it’s fair to say that ETFs are in a secular growth period that is not over yet. We are the biggest beneficiary of that secular growth and then three, which I said for many years, if we can begin to build a stronger relationship institutionally with more clients and building not a product-based relationship, but cross-selling of end solutions, we are going to start benefiting on the institutional side. So, you add those together, it does allow us to have above industry and I want to underscore above industry organic growth trends. And then if you add the amount of investments we are making not just in alternate – not just in infrastructure, but across the board in alternatives, where it’s not really shown up in the organic growth area because, as I said, we won $10 billion commitment. We don’t – unlike lot of the private equity firms, we don’t show that in our AUM, but we identify the unfunded commitments. That’s another good example of the power and the growth of the opportunity. So you tie this together, cross-selling products with institutions with better performance by providing solutions, by having even more market share opportunities in our Aladdin business, our iShare secular growth and our positioning in retail worldwide, plus better positioning, country-by-country, I think we are in a very good position to be leading above industry trend market share. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen…
Laurence Fink: And market growth – let me, I am sorry, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks? 
Laurence Fink: Well, I think it’s just that some of that – first of all, thank you for taking your time. I know there are lot of other people, institutions that you are going to run to because of all the first quarter results today. Let me just reiterate, we believe that our first quarter results really highlights the diversity of our product platform, the global nature of our platform that truly differentiates us versus from every player in the world. As I said, just earlier, we are seeing that impact of those investments. We are seeing a continued positioning. I truly believe as a firm, if we continue to talk about long-term issues, try to be helpful in the narrative in the world of investing a more balanced long-term approach and if we continue to execute those strategies on behalf of our clients and our clients’ needs, we will be positioned quite well for our clients worldwide, our institutional clients, our retail clients. And I would just underscore these are very exciting times for BlackRock and all the citizens of BlackRock. And so I feel very good about where we are, where we are going and the opportunities in front of us. With that, I would like to just thank everybody for joining us this morning and your continued interest in our organization. Have a good quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Larry Fink - Chairman & CEO Gary Shedlin - CFO Rob Kapito - President Matt Mallow - General Counsel
Analysts: Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company Dan Fannon - Jefferies & Company Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bill Katz - Citigroup Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matt Mallow: Thanks very much. Good morning everyone. I'm Matt Mallow, the General Counsel of BlackRock and before Larry and Gary make their remarks, I want to remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements and call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results, may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. And additionally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, let's begin the call. Gary?
Gary Shedlin: Thank you, Matt, and good morning everyone. My pleasure to be here to present our fourth quarter and full year 2014 as adjusted results. Overall 2014 was another strong year for BlackRock's clients, shareholders and employees. We continue to drive shareholder value by generating consistent organic growth; demonstrating the benefits of scale through our operating leverage, and systematically returning excess cash to our shareholders, even in an increasingly volatile macro environment. As Larry will discuss in more detail, our 2014 results highlight the stability and diversification of our business model and evidence the significant investments we've made in recent years to enhance the depth and breadth of our global platform. For the fourth quarter BlackRock delivered earnings per share of $4.82 and operating income of $1.2 billion. Full year earnings per share of $19.34 was up 17% compared to 2013, and operating income of $4.6 billion was 13% higher. Non-operating results for the quarter reflected a $2 million decrease in the market value of our seed and co-investments, down $63 million year-over-year driven primarily by a reduced economic investment portfolio and lower gains from investments in our hedge funds and fund to funds vehicles. Our 25.4% as adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter benefited from $39 million of non recurring items. While we continue to estimate that 30% remains a reasonable projected tax rate for 2015, the actual effective tax rate may differ as a consequence of additional non-recurring items that arise during the year. BlackRock's fourth quarter results were driven by $88 billion of long term net new business, our highest ever quarterly net flows representing an annualized organic growth rate of 8.3%. For the full year 2014, BlackRock generated total long term net new business of $181 billion, representing an organic growth rate of 4.5% together with net flows from our cash management business, BlackRock generated over $200 billion of net inflows for the year. During 2014, we achieved organic asset growth of 11% in iShares, 11% in retail, and 1% in institutional in line with the growth targets we outlined at our June Investor Day. This resulted in organic based fee growth in excess of organic AUM growth, as we benefited from positive mix change associated with our faster growing, higher fee retail and iShares businesses. Equally important, net long term flows were diversified by asset class and region with positive flows across all categories for both the quarter and the full year. Fourth quarter revenue was flat with a year ago, as growth in base fees and revenue from BlackRock Solutions was offset by a decrease in performance fees. Full year revenue grew 9% from 2013, driven by growth in base fees and revenue from BlackRock Solutions, both of which reached record levels in 2014. Fourth quarter base fees was 5% year-over-year as average AUM increased due to organic growth and market appreciation. However, base fees were down 3% compared to the third quarter due to a lower fourth quarter AUM entry rate, the continued impact of divergent beta and ongoing dollar appreciation against foreign currencies. While the S&P 500 was up 2% on average during the fourth quarter, the MSCI World was down 2% with emerging markets and natural resources indices lagging even further, down 8% and 12% respectively. Such divergent beta impacts our financial results as only 34% of our equity base fees are generated in U.S. markets. In addition, ongoing dollar appreciation led to a $59 billion decline in long term AUM in the quarter. Performance fees for the quarter were $144 million driven by a broader suite of single strategy hedge funds, real estate and hedge fund solutions offerings. Performance fee decreased $124 million from the fourth quarter of 2013, which included a large fee associated with the partial liquidation of a closed-end opportunistic fund. The decline also reflected relatively weaker performance across a variety of hedge fund products, in line with broader industry trends. BlackRock Solutions revenue of $170 million for the quarter was up 8% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, due to increases in both Aladdin and FMA revenue. Our Aladdin business, which represented 75% of BlackRock Solutions revenue in the quarter, grew 9% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. We completed a number of large global implementations in 2014 and expect continued business momentum from trends favoring global investment platform consolidation and multi asset risk solutions. Our FMA business ended 2014 with $161 million in revenues. While revenues benefited from meaningful transaction based disposition activity during the year, our business model remains well positioned to help clients navigate and implement requirements attendant to CCAR and the new ECB single supervisory mechanism. Total expense for the fourth quarter was flat year-over-year, as increased direct fund expense was offset by decreased levels of G&A expense. Full year compensation expense increased $273 million or 8%, reflecting higher headcount and higher incentive compensation, driven by higher operating income. Importantly, our compensation to revenue ratio declined 30 basis points in 2014 to 34.2% driven by continued reshaping of our employee base and the benefits of scale across our platform. Fourth quarter G&A expense decreased $23 million year-over-year or 6%, reflecting lower professional services and other G&A expense and various leased exit costs included in the fourth quarter of 2013. Sequentially, quarterly G&A expense increased $61 million primarily due to volatility in FX remeasurement, the planned seasonal uptick in year end marketing and promotional spend, and closed-end fund launch cost associated with the $437 million BlackRock Science and Technology Trust. Overall, total expense for 2014 increased 6% from a year ago compared to a 9% increase in revenue over the same period, resulting in an as adjusted operating margin of 42.9% for the full year, a 150 basis point increase over 2013 levels. Since closing the BGI merger at the end of 2009, we have expanded our operating margin by over 450 basis points, while also significantly reinvesting in our business. In line with that commitment, on November 5th, BlackRock entered into an agreement to acquire certain assets of BlackRock Kelso Capital Advisors, the external investment advisor to BlackRock Kelso Capital Corporation. This transaction enhances our fixed income platform to the addition of a middle market private credit capability. Pending BDC shareholder approval, we expect the transaction to close in the first quarter of 2015. During 2014, we were trying approximately $2.3 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and $1 billion in share repurchases, representing a total payout ratio of 71%. As we enter 2015, we remain committed to a predictable and balanced approach to capital management. Consistent with this, our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $2.18 per share of common stock, representing an increase of 13% over the 2014 level. Since instituting a dividend in 2003, BlackRock has grown its dividend on a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 22%. Our Board has also authorized the company to repurchase an additional $6 million shares under our existing share repurchase program, giving us authorization to repurchase a total of $9.4 million shares, including $3.4 million shares which are remaining under our prior program announced in January 2013. Our consistent earnings growth and stable financial results reflect the benefits of our differentiated global business model. Fourth quarter net flows were positive both our active and index franchise, as well as in each of our geographic regions, with $62 billion from the Americas, $50 billion from EMEA, and $11 billion from APAC. BlackRock's global retail franchise saw long term net inflows of $23 million during the fourth quarter, bringing full year inflows to $55 billion representing 11% organic growth for the full year. As usual fourth quarter retail close reflect the seasonal impact of reinvested capital gains distributions. Fourth quarter U.S. retail flows of $21 billion were driven by strong fixed income flows across a diverse set of products, including our top performing total return and high yield franchises, and our flagship strategic income opportunities fund. SIO was the leading unconstrained bond fund in the fourth quarter with nearly $5 billion of quarterly net inflows. Our multi-asset income fund or MAI continued its momentum with nearly $2 billion of flows in the fourth quarter, making it the top multi-asset income fund in the industry ranked by 2014 flows. Fourth quarter international retail net inflows of $2 billion were driven by BlackRock’s fixed income, multi-asset and index capabilities, which more than offset headwinds and ongoing outsource from our European equities franchise. Globalized shares generated over $44 billion of net new business in the fourth quarter and approximately $101 billion for the year, representing full year organic growth of 11%. iShares once again captured the number one share of global ETF industry flows. During the fourth quarter, iShares record fixed income flows were broadly diversified by asset class duration and geography. We continue to aggressively target growth in the fixed income ETF market and were the global leader in fixed income inflows in 2014. Fourth quarter equity iShares flows of $24 billion were driven by flows into the core series with particularly demand for U.S. equity exposures. The core segment remains an important growth channel for iShares posting an organic growth rate of 30% in 2014. Our institutional business generated approximately $21 billion in long term net inflows for the quarter and $25 billion of net inflows for the year, representing the highest quarterly and annual institutional flows we've seen in the past five years. The investments we've made in our diverse global platform position us well to meet the ever changing needs of a sophisticated institutional client base and we expect this momentum to continue in 2015. Barbelling continues to be a key theme, as institutional clients pair cost effective beta exposure with alternatives and other high conviction alpha solutions, to achieve uncorrelated returns. We continue to see sizeable asset allocations driven flows both into and out of institutional index products, resulting in net inflows of $20 billion in the quarter. Institutional index equity flows were driven by clients looking to increase risk exposure while fixed income inflows reflected asset allocation decisions and solutions based LDI activity. Institutional active net inflows based by positive flows and for fixed income, multi assets and alternatives, fixed income net inflows of $3 billion were diversified across exposures and we continue to see institutional demand for our unconstrained strategies. Multi asset net inflows of $2 billion were highlighted by solutions based wins, as well as continued demand for our LifePath target-date suite. Excluding approximately $600 million of return client capital, institutional alternatives generated nearly $2 billion of net new business led by hedge fund solutions and private activity solutions. In addition, we had another strong fundraising quarter for illiquid alternatives raising nearly $3 billion in new commitments, reflecting ongoing momentum infrastructure debt, and renewable power. Over the last two years, we've raised more than $12 billion in commitments, and have nearly $9 billion of committed capital to deploy for clients. While return of capital impacts our net flows immediately, committed capital only translates into flow and AUM as those dollars are invested. Outflows from both scientific and fundamental active equities continued in the fourth quarter. By its strong performance, client demand for scientific active equity remains muted. Fundamental active equity outflows continued in products with historical performance issues. However, these flows were partially offset by select wins and categories where our new managers are building strong track records including large cap growth. In summary, in the year marked by periods of increase volatility, our diversified business continued to deliver solid and consistent financial results. We've remained confident that our differentiated business model is well-positioned to meet the needs of our clients and shareholders in the year to come. And with that, I will turn it over to Laurence.
Larry Fink: Thanks Gary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call. 2014 closed with heightened volatility due to political and social instability. And that volatility obviously is continuing today and in the New Year. However, markets proved resilient in 2014 and the fourth quarter marked the 8th straight quarterly rise for the S&P 500 with data suggesting a rebound for the U.S. economy. As Gary discussed, the U.S. equity markets outperformed emerging European and Asian markets, and certainly outperformed natural resource markets and the U.S. dollar continued to appreciate relative to other currencies. This market divergence is likely to persist in 2015, creating both large challenges and large opportunities for our investors. Anemic global growth has led to an overdependence on politicians to implement reforms to rebuild the global economies. But we have seen limited action globally from politicians and as a result, we continue to rely on accommodative central bank policies whether we’re talking about Europe, China, Japan, and even at this moment even the United States. This will also put more pressure on the U.S. dollar, as it will rise higher, as well as the mixture of regional policy successes and failures, again increasing more global volatility. The technology revolution that most people always underestimate is so evident in the oil industry, and through this technology the growth and supply of oil is outpacing demand which has led to a period of volatile price discovery in the petroleum markets with greater than a 50% drop in oil prices. This is leading to a global redistribution of wealth, which people underestimate how this is going to transform the world. With the high cost of energy production economies experiencing major headwinds, countries like the U.S., like China, like India, will be seeing huge benefits in stimulus. In countries that have seen currency devaluation such as Europe in recent months will experience only modest and moderate gains. We see more shocks as production decisions and the demand side equilibrium but overall this oil price movement should be a great benefit for the global economy. With a back drop at divergent market performance, volatility, regulatory reform, persistent low rates, our clients near long term investment challenges are becoming more complex, but our goals at BlackRock steadfastly remain the same. We are a fiduciaria and BlackRock is well positioned to address our client's needs and deliver return for shareholders in all market environments. The combination of our global multi-asset platform, our insight and thought leadership and Aladdin, our unified technology and risk management platform has resulted in a more deeper client interactions than we have ever seen before. It has also enabled our investment team to collaborate ahead of key macro events to both protect the assets and in most cases generate alpha for our clients. In the fourth quarter BlackRock generated $88 billion of long-term net inflows, the strongest quarterly long-term flows in our history. And for the whole year, BlackRock saw a long-term net inflows of $141 billion and together with the net flows from our cash management business, we generated more than $200 billion in net inflows in 2014. But I want to emphasize one important thing, it's not about the magnitude or the scale of the assets that we raised, but I want to emphasize the composition of the flows, which we believe is much more important. For the year, we saw a $35 billion in active and $146 billion in index flows. We saw $52 billion in equities. We saw $96 billion in fixed income, $29 billion of flows in multi-asset and $4 billion in alternatives where we put the money to use. We saw $55 billion of flows in retail, $101 billion of flows in iShares and $25 billion of flows institutionally. And we saw these flows in all regions, from all investor types, and importantly in the face of wide range of economic and investment conditions. What we like to highlight is there were 13 countries where we had net inflows of excess of $1 billion in 2014. We now manage assets in excess of the billion dollars for clients domiciled in 41 countries, demonstrating the increasingly global and differentiating nature of the BlackRock platform. In addition, we added our first Aladdin client based in Latin America and now have clients actively using the Aladdin system in 47 countries around the world. As the nature of our client's investment challenges change, so does the nature of the solutions they require. More and more, a single investment product asset class or style does not provide a sufficient long-term solution. BlackRock's business model, which was deliberately built to deliver a multifaceted solution to clients and BlackRock's ability to leverage these capabilities across are truly diverse global platform of active and index, equities, fixed income, multi-asset, and alternative strategies all backed by Aladdin analytics and risk management has resulted in continued organic growth and revenue growth for the firm. BlackRock saw 27 distinct retail in iShare products each generating more than $1 billion net flows in the fourth quarter. For the year, 56 individual retail in iShare products generated more than $1 billion in net flows compared to 43 such products in 2013. The breadth of our platform is resonating with clients as they continue to seek a diverse set of global investment solutions. As Gary mentioned, we made significant long-term investments over the past few years in our people, our process, and our platform and those dividends and those investments have paid off in 2014 and I strongly believe this will continue to differentiate BlackRock overtime in an increasingly competitive industry. The strength of BlackRock's fixed income business is an area where past investments are translating into differentiating results for our clients and for our firm. BlackRock was built on a foundation of superior fixed income performance and now we have 91% of our active taxable fixed income platform outperforming the benchmark or peers for the three year period and no single category was a primary driver of the $96 billion inflows we gathered this year. Active index flows were diversified across high yield, unconstrained and core bond offerings and positive across all client businesses and we saw several key buy list ads across categories in 2014. Our flagships strategic income opportunity fund or SIO raised more than $13 billion in 2014 and we now manage more than $31 billion across or unconstraint fixed income franchise for both retail and institutional clients. BlackRock saw increased client interest in our total return fund, which is in the top 3% of our peer group for one year, for three years, and for five years. Total return generated $2 billion of net inflows in the quarter and represents the meaningful long-term opportunity for us. Fixed income is also a core strategic priority for BlackRock iShares, which led the industry in fixed income ETF flows for the quarter and for the year driven by iShares constituting 15 of the top 25 fixed income ETFs by net flows in 2014. Assets across classes, BlackRock's iShare franchise as I said earlier, generated more than $100 billion in net flow this year and was the industry leader inflows in the United States, inflows in Europe, and inflows globally. We continue to focus on growing global iShare market share and driving global market expansion and we expect client and product segmentation to drive the next wave of our iShare's growth. We saw $32 billion inflows in our global core series in 2014 as by-and-hold investors are increasingly turning to iShare for efficiently constructing larger portions of their portfolio. IShare's are used as financial instruments where ETFs are providing a compelling alternative to individual securities, to swaps, the futures, and we are seeing a strong initial progress in this newly formed area of the marketplace. And clients are also using iShare as precision exposures to express targeted investment viewpoints to generate alpha with efficiency. In the fourth quarter, BlackRock kicked off some high iThinking, an innovative new initiative design to help distill market insight into clear actionable ideas for our client and matching them with different iShare solutions. We continue to be product innovation - was evident in December when we launched our CRBN or our low carbon targeted ETF design for individuals and institutions we're focusing on environmental sustainable activity. The United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund and the University System of Maryland Foundation provided the initial funding for this ETF and BlackRock now managed more than $250 billion in socially responsible strategies across our platform. 2014 was a turning point for our institutional business and as we entered 2015 with substantial momentum. Our scale and our global presence enables BlackRock to interact with our increasingly sophisticated client base in a highly specialized manner, and our financial institution group businesses are great example. In 2014, BlackRock was selected to manage mandates spanning multi-asset, fixed income, infrastructure debt, and its whole balance sheet outsourcing for global insurance clients driven by regulatory changes by M&A, and investors are looking for better ways to navigate in this low interest rate environment. In conjunction with asset management mandates, many of these clients also chose to partner with BlackRock and Aladdin on evaluation on risk and advisory services and even acquisition support to our BlackRock Solutions business. BlackRock is the only firm in the industry that can bring all of these components together to meet the needs of our clients and we do this with dedicated relationships and with investment teams who speak with our clients in their own language, we understand their industry and we can partner with them to create their needs, to provide the most proper solutions to their issues. Another area where we are creating tailored outcome is in the alternative space, particularly in the emerging alternative solution business, where BlackRock is building a holistic multidimensional solution portfolio, leverages our full global platform. We’ve seen strong fund raising across our illiquid alternative product set, as the target of strategy we laid out on Investor Day unfolds. BlackRock raised nearly $6 billion in new commitments in 2014, across a variety of strategies including private equity, hedge fund solutions, opportunistic credit, renewable power, and infrastructure debt. We've recently completed our annual institutional clients rebalancing survey, which indicated that institutions are looking to significantly increase allocations to real estate including infrastructure. In the fourth quarter, BlackRock closed our second renewal power infrastructure fund, positioning us as one of the leading global renewable platforms in the industry. 2014, BlackRock rates commitments of nearly $800 million in renewable power and $1 billion in infrastructure debt. Momentum in this space demonstrates BlackRock's proprietary transaction source and capabilities and abilities to act as an extension of our clients internal teams. The tangible impact of the investments made to-date in our renewable power fund is also being felt by providing energy and electricity to more than a 100,000 households. We continue to make progress on the reinvigoration and globalization of our fundamental act of equity business and have seen meaningful impact on performance for some of our clients. We’ve seen a major improvement in the performance of our U.K. equity strategies, we generated top cortile performances as we had our three year anniversary and our new management team in Asian equities, and our European equity strategies as posted in leading market share and solid broad based three and five year investment performance. The most recent leg of our investments in this area was focus on U.S. equities. We hired a world-class group of investors with strong processes and track record for generating alpha, we are now in our second year of the investment and seeing good progress, and hopefully we will improve on our investment performance. Although we have a lot of work to do, and quite frankly we’re not at the space where I would like to be at this moment. 2014, was a challenging year for our active managers, with only 20% of the industry U.S. active equity funds outperformed their benchmarks. We saw a significant rise in volatility in the fourth quarter, but it was encouraging to see many of our active teams deliver stronger performances in the environment especially in December. Our basic value strategy achieved top quintile performance since the new manager inception, our large cap series, the strategy has improved from a second - to a second cortile from a fourth cortile, and our U.S. opportunity strategy is in the top quintile over three years. While our active business continues to feel the impact of plans balancing high conviction alpha strategies now with index exposures, the breath and diversity of our platform and the presence of the only skilled player in both active and index around the world will differentiate us in the ability to give our clients the full menu of solutions they need. We expect investor preference to vary over time and BlackRock stability to evolve alongside our clients is critical in the future for our success. Before I open it up for questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank our employees for their hard work, incredible dedication in 2014, in helping our clients in the most complex investment challenges in the world by helping them to provide solutions. I’d like to thank my entire management team, many of them who are thriving in their new role following successful organizational changes earlier this year. And I’d like to recognize some of the milestones that BlackRock achieved in 2014. In retail, we crossed over $500 billion in assets under management. In iShares in 2014, we closed with more than $1 trillion in assets under management. In institutional, we garnered the best floors that we’ve seen in over five years. Since the financial crisis or essentially since the end of 2007, the final year of the pre-crisis earnings, BlackRock has grown EPS by 142% versus the S&P 500, growing at 76% and the S&P financial index growing at only 9%, highlighting both the differentiation of our business model and our ability to execute on key growth strategies. All of the areas I’ve spoken about whether it’s fixed income, iShares, or financial institution group, alternatives, infrastructure, our active equity platform, all are areas where we made significant strategic investments over time and we’ll be seeing the impact of those investments over time to our shareholders and to our clients. We will continue to make investments in BlackRock's future and keep very high margins and utilize the full scale of our Aladdin risk management and technology capabilities to meet our fiduciary duties to our clients and to deliver returns for shareholders in 2015. With that, operator let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Luke Montgomery with Bernstein.
Luke Montgomery: I think obviously some unusual dynamics have been helping the institutional fixed-income ETF usage but it is a question really about the long-term opportunity. You have been adding talent to the sales force there. I think given the need for customized portfolios and immunization of specific liabilities in that context, how do you envision fixed-income ETF shares fitting into institutional portfolio construction? I think it's a question about how you characterize the value proposition rather than any liquidity challenge they might help address in the fixed-income market.
Larry Fink: That's a good question. I'm going to let Rob Kapito answer that.
Rob Kapito: So, the fixed income ETFs have been in increased demand as people are learning about the product. We're still in the early stages not only of institutions using the product but retail using the product as well. So there are three segments - there are the buy and hold segment where people are using ETFs as a part of their fixed income portfolio for the beta and fixed income, and we have products that are focused on that. The second thing is that as the financial markets change, ETFs are a surrogate for many financial instruments that have because of regulatory reasons and liquidity reasons become very expensive and they are surrogates for example in swaps and futures where ETFs are now being used, in fact more than futures are being used. And as people learn about that, they add that into their portfolios. On the other side of that, there also being used as we call it precision instruments where people are looking for a specific allocation and ETFs provide that specific precision tool for them to be investing it. So, this is just a beginning of where fixed income ETFs go and as you know that the fixed income markets are much larger than the equity markets are. So we just see continued growth in that. So for retail we’re attacking that by adding on to our core series where we are adding products that can offer the full suite to what our retail investor would need over the long term in ETFs whether that be in high yield, in corporates, in treasuries, or just generic fixed income. And then on institutions, because they’re looking for more of a trading vehicle and they’re looking for the transparency and they’re looking for the liquidity, we’re adding more specific type of precision instruments for them. So, I would tell you that the demand to learn about ETFs grows and grows and we’re just - we just think this is a market that we're very positive on going forward. And also for portfolio managers that are managing large portfolios, getting the beta exposure from ETFs is cheaper, it’s more diversified and it’s more liquid than the alternative, and I might add that's really important when you’re in a low interest rate environment like we're in. So, we look forward to more growth in the fixed income and to be the leader in the ETFs in that area.
Larry Fink: And one other point, fixing ETF utilization is far less than equity utilization and the opportunity for that to converge quite a bit.
Luke Montgomery: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Good morning. I guess kind of building upon that and just thinking about your comment about substantial momentum in the institutional business heading into 2015, outside of what we just talked about there with the fixed-income ETF can you get a little more specific about where you see that demand and kind of maybe a way to characterize it versus previous periods in terms of either size or opportunity?
Larry Fink: Well, the momentum is as I said carrying on into 2015. We’re seeing – I think much of it has to do with the continuation of performance that we have generated with some top decile performance in our core business, our leading performance in our unconstrained fixed income, our top quartile maybe top decile performance in high yield. So across the board the performance in all the different fixed income products continues to be quite large and we’re seeing more and more clients are just also using beta products for fixed income. So, across the board we're seeing that but in terms of where we’re seeing clients looking to put more money to work, we're seeing increased activity in the client contribution area where we’ve had some rather substantial wins. We continue to see in terms of insurance companies, always at the beginning of the year, they get big infusions of cash, this is one of the fundamental reasons why we thought that rates would be going down in the first part of the year, obviously we didn’t expect some of the activities that occurred but fundamentally you always see some very large activities from insurance companies because of the beginning of the year. So, it's across the board and it’s geographically diverse too. So we think this is going to continue but I must say with where rates are at this moment more and more clients are going to be looking for different types of expressions of exposure that I do believe with where rates are it's going to lead to more and more clients searching things like infrastructure debt, other activities like that and this is one of the reasons why we’re so heavily invested in our infrastructure teams. We will continue to see clients reaching for yield and high yield whether that's a good strategy or a bad strategy. I specifically believe, rates are going to stay lower longer and I think the activities that you’re seeing in Europe whether the court's approval of the OMT for the ECB and the greater possibility of QE from the ECB but continual easing in Japan and importantly as Chairwoman Yellen has said, she's going to be very data-dependent related to what the Federal Reserve does. So, I actually believe this just creates more money in motion and more opportunity for BlackRock especially with our flows.
Dan Fannon: Great. That's helpful. And then Gary, if you could please just characterize the budget and how your outlook for 2015 with regards to kind of core expense growth.
Gary Shedlin: I would say, let’s break it down. I think that in terms of G&A, I think when we look at the fourth quarter on G&A obviously it was slightly elevated by virtue of some closed end fund launch cost, and obviously some FX measurement. But I think once you kind of exclude those two items, I think the fourth quarter is generally a decent run rate for the year in terms of G&A. And then more broadly as we think about margins, obviously notwithstanding some of the seasonality that we have in our own margins especially in the first quarter, margins more broadly are dependent on lots of things, especially the beta environment, the future business mix, the various reinvestment opportunities that we see in our business and obviously the competitive compensation environment. So I don’t - our margin guidance really hasn’t changed, as you know, we don’t manage the business to a specific margin target and we remain ever committed to generating operating leverage, we’re also reinvesting in the business.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: First, I was wondering if you could provide a quick update on SIFI? Found new commentary from both the SEC and FSOC, especially related to some of the activities that it seems like they are targeting like ETFs, alternatives, derivatives, securities lending with those being pretty relevant for you guys.
Larry Fink: I don’t think they’re targeting any one product. I think you’re investigating products where there is obviously large growth and where there is areas where you may have mismatches of liquidity and or you may have need for greater disclosure. So, there is nothing new from our point. We are - if a regulator asks us to provide information we do that worldwide. We are embracing in a very positive way the movement towards the review of activities. We will be the largest beneficiary if the market is perceived to be stronger or transparent, easier to understand by more investors we will be one of the largest beneficiaries of that event and so we are embracing the concept of better financial ecosystem for our clients and if that means greater disclosure, greater transparency, we will embrace that. But I think it’s incorrect to say they are targeting because I don’t think they are targeting at all, the conversations we’re having - there are open dialogues, they’re expressive. We are providing information as asked. Obviously the dialogues are one dimensional asked, why can’t we provide information - and that’s all we know. We presume these questions are being asked by dozens of dozens of different managers and - but we’re up in this process and we will all wait and see alongside with you what the outcomes will be. And I think this will be quite granular, I think we will see how this plays out and - but unquestionably you’re going to see probably different disclosure requirements or different liquidity issues in some products and by enlarge we're into more of that.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Larry. Very clear. Second question, 2014 was a year where we saw big pickup in pension risk transfers, pension closeouts. I was wondering if you have any thoughts on how this could trend in 2015 given some of the drivers like the change in the mortality tables? And given that BlackRock is a large manager of assets for clients on both sides of the aisle, pension plans, insurance companies, really maybe share some perspective here.
Larry Fink: I don’t know how this is going to play out with where rates are today going forward. I think it’s very hard in most cases to be closing up pension funds, but let’s step back and why have we seen elevated pension closeouts because you’ve had significant rallies in U.S. equities over the last five years. Companies have been closer to meeting their liabilities and they have a desire to minimize income statement volatility because of the issues related to the pension fund. So, we are in dialogues with many people. Some of the firms have used annuities and working with insurance companies. As you said, we are in dialogue with many organization, some of the organizations are transforming the DB plans to DC. As I said, we’re seeing elevated growth in our DC business in the fourth quarter and we expect that in the first quarter, and we are having dialogues with many, many institutions worldwide about the possibility. But I would just caution that with rates being so low, unless you see significant equity rallies it becomes a little harder to do that or the companies are going to have to infuse some type of money to making sure that they’re matched. But I would say unquestionably BlackRock’s global platform, the ability of having our strength in target date and in terms of DC plans and having like path on the DC side, we have a lot of components working with our clients whether it’s LDI products which obviously will create a derisking and obviously we could help quite a bit in helping them think about how can a pension fund ultimately transfer some of the risks. But I don't want to call it unified across the board, I do believe depending on where each company is related to the liability. And as you suggested quite correctly about the elongation of age, these are all big issues. We've actually had conversations with organizations that did LDI years ago and now how do they factor in this elongated aging process and are they properly matched. So, but one thing is very clear to companies that have done the derisking, it is not a static one time event, they have to be constantly monitoring as depended on how the liabilities are changing. And as I said earlier, we are very involved in these dialogues, and I do believe this plays really well with our global platform of having great analytics and helping company think about it. We have long period of time of being involved with insurance companies and doing a lot of liability matching type of products for insurance companies that plays really well into LDI and other areas for us.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks Larry.
Operator: You next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: I guess my first question is I am just going to capital management. You guys have certainly been very clear on how you think about capital management and you had the dividend increase that you just announced. But I'm just curious, if we look at the 250 commitment to share repurchase per quarter, that has been in place since the beginning of 2013 and I think since the end of 2012 GAAP earnings are up maybe about 35% or so. So is it reasonable to be thinking that that kind of 250 base commitment may be subject to some upward revision, too, as you continue to scale the Company?
Larry Fink: Let see if Gary can answer this question.
Gary Shedlin: So I think broadly we remain committed to consisting capital management. I think that we spoke last year a little bit about some of the uncertainty in the environment which I think, clearly still out there I think Larry commented more broadly on it. So consistent with that and as we've seen the earnings trajectory increase, we did obviously increase the dividend at our Board meeting yesterday by 13% to $2.18. Our buyback program is clearly a function of a number of things. We've already mentioned beta and other reinvestment opportunities that we see, as Larry likes to say, it's data-dependent I think you mentioned that earlier. But our expectation more broadly is for the year of the buyback program would be greater than the billion dollars that we repurchased last year, obviously we’re going to watch markets as they evolve during the year and plan accordingly.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you. And maybe just a follow-up, and Larry I know you did mention you've had some nice wins in the DC space and this is the inevitable question about money in motion and fixed-income, but where do you think we are in the DC replacement cycle? I know you had talked about that in the past given strong performance you guys have had and how well entrenched or ubiquitous maybe one of your competitors has been. Do you feel that that is still in the early stages of that 401(k) replacement cycle, or is that kind of well underway?
Larry Fink: Well, I truly believe the successes we had in 2014, will continue in 2015. The composition of our successes in fixed income across so many different products whether it’s unconstrained, high yield, total return, MIA, is a great indication of the rest of our platform and importantly where we believe continue flows will be. On DC specifically, I think we're in the early component of that. We're in dialogue with many different contribution platforms and I do believe in the DC side, one of the reasons why we have the dialogue is there to strengthen our data products in fixed income, our strength in our index equities, our target date products, and because of the large and in depth conversations we have with our clients it’s giving us a great avenue to help them think about how they’re going to be thinking about the DC business. As I said, our total return business - total return product in DC is in the top 3% for one, three, and five. So, you come across whether as I said, target date or other products we’re in a very good position to win or clients pull the money as that money remains in motion.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi.
Bill Katz: Larry, you went through just a ton of things that are working very well for BlackRock. But one area that seemed to not get that much attention was active equity. I am sort of curious just stepping back maybe for BlackRock and for the industry at large, where are we in terms of investor appetite for coming back into that type of product versus as you mentioned earlier the barbell dynamic?
Larry Fink: Well, the one area that I had a large amount of dialogue most recently is in factor based equity investing. That’s the biggest most recent type of dialogue. So the one area where we’ve done quite well is in the model base equities and we’re still not seeing really any flows but we’ve had now five years of great success there. I do believe the traditional fundamental equity business is alive, it’s not well, it had poor performance as an industry, I think that’s where you’re alluding to. We’ve seen great movement as an industry, movement out of maybe more of the fundamental investing into index. But I would say now, Bill, if you believe in a greater divergent market, a more volatile market - I've been asked many times questions related, should I be in an indexed product with a great divergence because I can't capture some of the great opportunities that are going to be masked by the great failures. So when you think about the energy market, if you think about an emerging market world context, China, India, is going to be hugely benefited by this. Countries like Russia, Nigeria, potentially Brazil, are going to be harmed by this, how do you play that. And so this is why more and more of our clients are asking about things about smart beta, factors, and I do believe we're going to need to capture different ways of finding alpha, but importantly in our actions related to fundamental equities, we’ve always said this is a five year project, 2015 begins the third year. We are committed to this and if you do believe in the world of great divergence, if you believe in a world that one day you will have - whenever that day will be, higher rates, it generally means - historically you would think this is a better environment for stock picking in fundamental equities. So our model is purposely built and positioned to benefit on this active and passive world, but the one thing that I am going to be pretty loud about, I do believe the most neglected component of the equity investing is basically model or factor based investing where we have a great platform, we’ve had great returns specially overseas. And I am very bullish on building this out as a component of our active equity area and I am quite frustrated to be frank that we haven’t seen the momentum that I thought we would, but this is an area where in my most recent meetings, last week in Asia, every client asked about factor based investing in a divergent world. So we’ll see how that plays out, Bill. But I do believe in this divergent world and the way we are built the model of BlackRock will be a beneficiary of that.
Bill Katz: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Larry, if you can just comment on the inflow situation from the money in motion and PIMCO and other competitors in terms of your fixed-income franchise and do you think a lot of that went into the ETF component and might shift over as those investors reallocate throughout the year? And do you still see that as a tens of billions opportunity next year?
Laurence Fink: We see because of where rates are and the expectation where rates might go, I think people are focused on having a higher allocation to a fixed income ETFs and the R&D generics. And there is a lot of money in motion because of people's plans for fixed income and rate of use for fixed income this year. And certainly because some money is flowing from various competitors and I think that’s money because of the rates are, because of the fees are in general in the asset management business that EPS will see a larger percentage of [indiscernible].
Rob Kapito: I just had one thing. There is so much noise about our West Coast friend and competitor. Much of the money in motion is totally in related to what's going on there. I think there is more dialogue going on because of this low rate environment and how should that be played out. And I think that's the compelling story. How does an income oriented investor whether it’s an insurance company, a retiree who is struggling to meet the income needs of the – this is where we are in much greater dialogue. I have had great dialogue on where interest rates are and what does it mean for some of the largest suburban wealth funds. So, I think the dialogue start with the macro environment and how to play it. And that is the most forceful reason why there is so much money in motion. Obviously you have cyclical changes in one manager versus another but that's always evident in the marketplace. And I think it is just weighing too much commentary related to that and its masking what lower rates are doing related to client's needs.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Larry Fink: Yeah, let me just touch on one more thing. Our fourth quarter and full year results as I think we have kind of expressed in our formatted speeches and in the Q&A, truly highlight the diversity and the differentiated platform of BlackRock. We are seeing the impact of our large scale investing that we made over a year and we are continuing to make those large scale investing in infrastructure and equities. We're going to continue to make these investments and those investments are going to pay-off in the next few years. And I think it’s vital to understand that we believe this differentiated platform is the key component of what is been delivering, this type of compounded growth that we have had on behalf of our clients for our shareholders. And I think that will continue and most importantly what I'm proud of as an organization we were able to deliver these investments and I'm not here to tell you all investments paid off, but we’ve been to continue to deliver these investments. And at the same time as Gary discussed, we saw a consistent increase in our margins over the course of the last five year. I think this is what differentiates BlackRock and I'm certainly not suggesting that we’ll continue forever. But I do believe that continual investment in people, I have to remind people, three years ago we only had – we had less than 10,000 employees. Today, we have 12,000 employees. This is just an investing in our platform, investing in our client connectivity, and investing in products and in most cases we're delivering. And this is something that really has given us that differentiated business model. And I do believe it's going to continue to drive our future at BlackRock. So, I just want to thank you everyone for taking the time this morning. And thank you for your interest at BlackRock. Have a good quarter and hopefully the next few weeks are going to be little less volatile than the last few weeks. So enjoy.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laurence D. Fink – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gary S. Shedlin – Chief Financial Officer Robert S. Kapito –President Matthew J. Mallow – General Counsel
Analyst: Robert Lee – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Kenneth Worthington – JP Morgan Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Luke Montgomery – Sanford Bernstein Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs William Katz – Citigroup Michael Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Glenn Schorr – ISI 
Operator:  At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated third quarter 2014 earnings teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer Gary S. Shedlin; President Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Mallow you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow : I’m Matt Mallow the General Counsel of BlackRock and before Larry and Gary make their remarks, as usual, let me remind you that during the course of this call we may make a number of forward-looking statements and we call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results, may of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the FDC which lists some of the factors that may determine the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today and additionally, as is also usual, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not and will not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements. With that, let the call begin.
Gary S. Shedlin : It’s my pleasure to be here to present our third quarter as adjusted results. Our roadmap for shareholder value creation is predicated on three main drivers: generating consistent organic growth; demonstrating the benefits of scale through operating leverage; and systematically returning excess cash flow to our shareholders. We successfully navigated that roadmap again this quarter generating double digit earnings growth. More importantly however, and as you’ll hear in much more detail from Larry in a moment, BlackRock has never been better positioned to meet the needs of our clients. Our global reach, unique blend of active and indexed offerings, strong overall investment performance, risk management and analytics capabilities, and One BlackRock culture differentiate us today in the asset management industry. BlackRock delivered third quarter earnings per share of $5.21, up 34% compared to a year ago. Revenue rose 15% to $2.8 billion and operating income was $1.2 billion, 24% higher on a year-over-year basis. Non-operating results reflected a $43 million increase in the market value of our seed and co-investments largely driven by mortgage, private equity, and credit related investments.  Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 20.2% reflecting discreet benefits primarily due to the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters related to the acquisition of BGI. In connection with that transaction, BlackRock recorded a $50 million indemnification asset for unrecognized tax benefits.  Given the resolution of these matters, we recorded $50 million of G&A expense to reflect a reduction of the indemnification asset and an offsetting $50 million GAAP tax benefit. Both the $50 million G&A expense and the $50 million tax benefit have been excluded from our as adjusted results.  Our 26.2% as adjusted tax rate for the third quarter also benefited from $34 million of discreet tax benefits. We continue to estimate that 29% is a reasonable tax run rate for the fourth quarter and based on what we know today 30% is a reasonable projected tax rate for 2015.  BlackRock’s third quarter results were driven by $29 billion of long term net new flows representing an annualized organic growth rate of 3%. Flows were positive across all client businesses and regions, and despite a more volatile market environment, we continue to demonstrate the stability of our highly diversified platform.  Over the last 12 months BlackRock generated $134 billion of long term net new business representing 4% organic asset growth and an even faster rate of organic based fee growth as we benefitted from positive mix change associated with our faster growing higher fee retail and iShares businesses.  Third quarter year-over-year revenue growth of 15% or $377 million was driven by continued growth in base fees, performance fees, and revenue from BlackRock Solutions. We once again experienced year-over-year base free growth across all long dated asset classes. Base fees increased $315 million or 15% from a year ago as average AUM increased due to organic growth, market appreciation and the acquisition of the MGPA real estate business.  Base fees were up 1% compared to the second quarter due to higher average AUM levels and the impact of one additional revenue day, partially offset by the seasonal decline in securities lending activity we typically see in the third quarter. However, we enter the fourth quarter with lower spot assets under management than our average AUM for the third quarter which will impact our fourth quarter entry rate base fee level. This decline was primarily driven by the appreciation of the dollar against foreign currencies, which given the global nature of our business, led to an $89 billion decrease in total AUM during the quarter.  Performance fees for the third quarter increased $37 million or 39% from a year ago driven by continued strong performance across our broad suite of single strategy hedge funds, real estate, and hedge funds solution offerings. As a reminder, fourth quarter performance fees in 2012 and 2013 were elevated due to similarly sized one-time fees trigged by the wind down of opportunistic funds related to the financial crisis. We do not anticipate any such fees during the fourth quarter of 2014. BlackRock Solutions revenue of $165 million was up 6% year-over-year and 13% sequentially due to increases in both Aladdin and FMA revenue. Our Aladdin business which represented 72% of BlackRock’s solutions revenue in the quarter grew 6% year-over-year and 9% sequentially. We continue to successfully execute on large global implementations associated with record new business wins in 2013. Our Financial Markets Advisory business had a very strong revenue quarter driven by several large advisory assignments associated with ECB AQR Diagnostics. Notwithstanding a more institutionalized post financial crisis advisory model, future FMA results may be difficult to predict as a function of the transaction based fee structure associated with this business.  Total expense for the third quarter rose $141 million year-over-year driven primarily by revenue related items including compensation and direct fund expense. Compensation and benefits increased $112 million from a year ago or 13% reflecting higher head count and higher incentive compensation driven by higher operating income. While compensation as a percentage of revenue declined year-over-year, partly as a function of the timing of certain accruals, quarterly comparisons are less relevant as we manage compensation on a full year basis and our overall compensation policies have not changed. G&A expense decreased $8 million year-over-year or 2% driven primarily by beneficial non-recurring items including the positive FX impact of remeasuring dollar balances held overseas to their respective functional currencies. Sequentially G&A expense decreased $51 million reflecting the previously mentioned impact of positive FX remeasurement and lower legal and regulatory expense in the current quarter. Excluding the positive impact of these items and taking into account a planned seasonal uptick in yearend marketing and promotional spend, we expect to see higher G&A expense in the fourth quarter relative to the first three quarters of the year. Overall, total expense increased 9% from a year ago compared to a 15% increase in revenue over the same period resulting in an as adjusted operating margin of 44.2%. The year-over-year margin improvement of 300 basis points was positively impacted by the previously discussed lower level of G&A and compensation accruals in the quarter. We remain committed to a consistent and systematic capital management policy. During the third quarter we repurchased an additional $250 million of stock and view that as a good planning rate for the remainder of the year. As you are all aware, we traditionally review our capital management strategy with our Board each December for implementation in January of the following year. Our consistent earnings growth and stable financial results reflect the benefits of our diverse platform, long term client relationships, and commitment to alpha generation. Quarterly net flows were positive in both our active an index franchises as well as each of our geographic regions with $11 billion from the Americas, $7 billion from EMEA, and $11 billion from APAC.  In global retail we saw long term net inflows of $5 billion during the third quarter bringing year-to-date inflows to $32 billion or 9% annualized organic growth. Retail flows were positive at both the US and internationally, but were limited by macro headwinds during the quarter that impacted our high yield and European equities franchises.  BlackRock’s diverse platform was well positioned to weather this market volatility as we nonetheless delivered overall positive flows with strength in outcome oriented offerings including unconstrained fixed income, multi asset, and alternatives products. US retail flows of $2.8 billion were driven by strength in our outcome oriented fixed income suite including our strategic income opportunities fund or SIO, our strategic municipals opportunities, and global long/short credit funds.  During the quarter SIO raised $2.9 billion in net new flows from a combination of retail and institutional clients and remains the number two bestselling active mutual fund in 2014. Retail fixed income results were dampened by outflows from our high yield franchise which was impacted by investor rotation out of the sector in July. Though our high yield bond fund has top decile performance, the fund experienced quarterly outflows of $1.6 billion.  Our 40 Act Alternatives Funds raised nearly $600 million of net flows during the quarter and we continued to see significant opportunity associated with delivering institutional quality alternative solutions to the retail marketplace. We recently expanded our retail illiquid alternatives suite with the launch of the Multimanager Alternatives Strategy Fund which allocate assets to a variety of affiliated and unaffiliated alternative investment managers and leverages the success of our hedge fund solutions platform BlackRock Alternative Advisors. International retail net inflows of $2.1 billion were driven by our fixed income multi asset and index capabilities but were impacted by deteriorating market sentiment in Europe contributing to $3.8 billion in outflows from our European equities franchise. Within fixed income, we saw $1.2 billion of flows into our fixed income global opportunities fund which is the cross border version of SIO and $680 million of flows into our BGF Euro Short Duration Bond Fund. International multi asset net inflows of $1.9 billion reflected demand for our BGF Global Allocation Fund as well as growing traction for the cross border version of our flagship Multi Asset Income Fund. We also took advantage of strong three year performance track records in Asian equities to capitalized on increasing demand with our top cortile BGF Asian Dragon and BGF Asia Pacific Equity Income Fund and our top decile BGF China Fund generating more than $500 billion in aggregate flows during the quarter.  Globalized shares generating $18.2 billion of net new business in the quarter, representing annualized organic growth of 7% driven by strong equity flows. Equity flows of $3.8 billion were driven by flows into the Core Series as well as demand for emerging markets and Asian equity exposures which offset outflows in European equities.  The buy and hold segment remains an important growth challenge for iShares. During the quarter we generated $7.3 billion of flows into US Core Series representing annualized organic growth of 23% and gathered $2.5 billion of flows into recently launched European Core Series representing annualized organic growth of 26%. We continue to aggressively target growth in the fixed income ETF market. iShares show fixed income flows of $3.7 billion [inaudible] by $1.3 billion of flows into our core bond product AGG as investors looked for options to maintain exposure to the broad fixed income market in the current environment. Year-to-date iShares ranked number one in market share of fixed income net flows globally.  Our institutional business generated $5.6 billion in long term net inflows for the quarter primarily reflecting index net inflows. We continue to see sizeable asset allocation driven flows both into and out of institutional index products as bar-belling continues to be a key [inaudible] among institutional clients with cost effective beta exposure being paired with alternative solutions to achieve uncorrelated returns.  Index fixed income inflows of $5.5 billion was driven by LDI activity including extensions of hedging or liability matching services. Institutional active net inflows included $5.2 billion of net inflows into multi asset class products driven by continued demand for our LifePath Target Date suite and over $1 billion of flows into our Dynamic Diversified Growth strategy of DDG. DDG is an unconstrained multi asset strategy that seeks to generate positive consistent returns in a range of market environments with significantly lower volatility than an equity portfolio. Multi asset and scientific active equity inflows were offset by outflows from active fixed income and fundamental equities. Despite strong performance across our active fixed income platform, our institutional net flows were impacted by several client specific outflows driven by rebalancing and asset allocation decisions partially offset by continued strength in unconstrained fixed income strategies.  As you’re going to hear from Larry shortly, our broad fixed income platform and performance track record continued to position BlackRock extremely will to capture opportunities in the current environment.  In institutional core alternatives, inflows into hedge fund solutions were offset by outflows from several single strategy hedge funds and return of capital. However, we had another strong quarter of fund raising in illiquid alternatives with nearly $1 billion in commitments reflecting ongoing momentum in hedge fund and private equity solutions and infrastructure. As a result of strong fundraising in illiquid alternatives over the last two years that has brought in over $9 billion, we still have approximately $7 billion of committed capital to deploy for clients. While return of capital impacts our inflows immediately, committed capital only translate into flows and assets under management as those dollars are invested.  In summary, in a quarter marked by increased volatility, our diversified business model delivered solid financial results and we are well positioned to take advantage of the numerous opportunities that lay ahead of us. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink : Thank you Gary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call. We’ve seen some meaningful shifts in market dynamics since we spoke last quarter. Divergent monetary policy, changes in global economic growth expectations, and heightened geopolitical unrest all impacted the investment landscape and resulted in higher volatility in both asset prices and currencies in the past few weeks. That volatility is likely to continue as conflicting central bank policies and questions about the timing and magnitude of US interest rates hikes, led to an ongoing market uncertainty. Investors are also questioning whether the ECB’s recent efforts will be enough to reinvigorate the economy and stave off deflation. I believe it’s going to take longer to stabilize Europe than many think and we are likely to see an aggressive ECB behavior for a long time.  It is in these times of volatility and uncertainty that clients turn to BlackRock for answers and we’re having more conversations with our clients that are deeper and more meaningful conversations than ever before. Clients are turning to BlackRock because of our platform that we built over the past 26 years as a result of a comprehensive and deliberate process focused on culture, technology, and talent.  Our platform is built on the foundation of our One BlackRock culture, a belief in putting our clients first in all that we do and managing risk better and more thoroughly than any other asset manager in the world. We built Aladdin with this in mind, to create a premier risk management and technology platform that allows everyone at BlackRock to speak a common language. BlackRock doesn’t eliminate risk but it helps us to create an environment where our team is constantly aware of the risks and we are connected across the firm worldwide to optimize these results. Increased connectivity through Aladdin and other sources leads to improved communication and in the BlackRock investment institute we have a forum for investment teams to share knowledge, to share insights with the idea that this will enhance Alpha generation across the firm. This team based approach is a critical differentiator for BlackRock. We do not and never had have a centralized CIO. We don’t have a house view or any one person setting a single investment strategy for our platform.  Our process enables our teams to make independent portfolio construction decisions to meet client objectives. That may result in differing performance for our clients at times but it means we don’t have an overwhelming bias towards one strategy or another and we minimize the risk that it entails. We also believe that having a deliberate process to develop our people is critical for BlackRock’s success and our connectivity with our clients.  At our most recent Board meeting in September, we spent two days reviewing 320 individuals at BlackRock across the entire firm to identify BlackRock’s best talent. This is an annual exercise and includes a process to develop each of those individuals as global leaders, as global investors, and as global citizens. This might mean moving into a new region of the world or into a new business and it helps to develop a team that will be deeper, with broader and global experience which will enable us to have better investors and better leaders in the future. The leadership changes we announced in the second quarter is an example of how we do this. The move involved new roles for 10 senior leaders across the firm and those leaders are now in their new seats driving growth and enhancing our value proposition for our clients. Finally, BlackRock’s global diversified platform is a critical component of our strategy. BlackRock is the only asset manager to offer active and index capabilities globally across all asset classes on one platform and we are constantly looking to innovate to find new ways of meeting our client’s needs. When we combine our people, our technology, and risk management investment platform and wrap it all in the One BlackRock culture, the totality of the firm comes together to serve our clients’ needs. Nothing here is accidental. BlackRock was built to highlight these strengths and to minimize the risk of getting it wrong. While we will never compromise on our philosophy of building our culture, sometimes we do get it wrong and when we do we will do what’s necessary to rebuild. We rebuilt our scientific active equity platform which now has 96% of its assets above benchmark or peer mediums for the last three years and while flows have not improved as quickly as we might have expected given the strength of the performance, this quarter we saw inflows in scientific active equity for the first time since we did the merger with BGI. We made changes in our Asian equity business several years ago and Andrew Swan today has a top cortile three year track record. As you know, we’re now in the process of rebuilding our US fundamental equities. We are excited about the progress we are seeing from our new teams and remain committed to that effort.  Our confidence in our ability to rebuild the US equity platform stems in part from the success we’ve seen elsewhere highlighted by the rebuilding process we started over six years ago in our fixed income business. The investments we made in that business are clearly paying off. BlackRock saw $11.1 billion of net inflows in fixed income in the third quarter and now we have seen, in total, $48 billion year-to-date in fixed income across both active and index reflecting the stability, the breadth, and the strong performance of our fixed income franchise. We have a deep bench of talented senior fixed income investors with more than 400 fixed income investment professionals including 150 sector specialists. They manage $1.3 trillion in AUM across a full range of high performing active, index and iShare strategies. With 87% of BlackRock’s active taxable fixed income assets above the benchmark or peer mediums for the three year period, BlackRock’s offerings are positioned to help clients achieve their desired investment outcomes regardless of their specific needs or macro expectations.  Our unconstrained fixed income strategies continue to be a core theme for clients and we saw nearly $5 billion in flows in the third quarter and nearly $20 billion in the last 12 months across our top cortile unconstrained bond franchise including SIO and strategic municipal opportunities in the US, our fixed income global opportunities product in Europe, as well as our flagship retail alternative fund global long/short credit. We have seen continued momentum early in the fourth quarter as well as heightened client interest and we expect unconstrained strategies to remain a strong driver of growth for BlackRock going forward. The breadth of BlackRock’s fixed income franchises further highlighted by our top decile total return and high yield bond funds in total return we’ve seen a significant recent increase in flows and client interest and see a meaningful long term growth opportunity. In high yield, while we experienced some market headwinds in the quarter our performance continues to position us to win in this asset class.  As a result of BlackRock’s strong active fixed income performance track record, we’re increasingly being rewarded by retail and institutional gatekeepers with improved positioning on platforms and buy lists. We see a sizeable opportunity in fixed income in the coming quarters and we believe BlackRock is the best positioned firm in the industry to capitalize on that opportunity both in active an in index.  On the index side, more and more investors are recognizing iShare as an efficient tool for investors to manage market exposure to generate Alpha through asset allocation. Investors have been increasingly turning to iShares as core component of their fixed income portfolios. In the first few weeks of October we’ve seen more than $7 billion in net new flows into fixed income iShares including our Barclay’s Aggregate ETF AGG. We’ve seen a substantial uptick in secondary market trading volume as well exhibiting iShares ability to provide liquidity for our clients. BlackRock believes fixed income ETFs represent a substantial growth opportunity given they only represent about 4/10ths of 1% of the global fixed income markets. A fraction of the ETF penetration compared to the equity market where ETF represents about 3% of the global markets. We believe iShares can offer an attractive solution to the needs for fixed income liquidity with nearly $200 billion of AUM across a 189 fixed income ETFs. BlackRock’s product breadth and depth are key differentiators. I need to reflect for a moment because when BlackRock acquired BGI five years ago BlackRock’s global iShares assets under management were $385 billion. I’m proud to say that BlackRock’s iShares closed the third quarter with nearly a trillion of assets under management. We continue to drive global expansion and grow our iShares market share by pursuing several areas of [inaudible] ETF usage including core investment, precision exposures, and financial instruments.  BlackRock’s ability to combine active and index strategies and deliver the entire full firm to clients is critical as client demand for investment outcome and solutions increase. One of the most common outcomes investors are targeting is to sustain a certain level of income leading up to and through retirement. Just this month, we launched an income campaign in Europe and the Middle East targeting advisors and consumers with a dual objective of raising brand awareness for BlackRock as well as educating clients on the importance of income investments as part of their portfolios. Outcome oriented income focused products have been a significant driver of retail flows and products like SIO and multi asset income or MAI were significant contributors to our results in the third quarter. Our global basis or our multi asset income franchise crossed over $10 billion in AUM and as seen $4.5 billion of net inflows so far in 201. BlackRock’s multi asset franchise is a key differentiator and our team based culture enables our multi asset managers to benefit from the best alpha engines and risk management capabilities BlackRock has to offer. I’d like to turn to a business through which we serve as a trusted advisor to some of the most sophisticated financial institutions in the world. This is our financial markets advisory business or FMA business within BlackRock solutions. Since BlackRock started FMA business in 2008 we have completed now more than 330 assignments for 185 clients in 30 countries generating more than $1 billion of revenues in BlackRock solutions.  In the third quarter we reached a significant milestone for the team and the firm. With the substantial completion of FMA’s crisis era liquidation assignments. FMA’s track record includes the risk control liquidation of long term wind down vehicles totaling more than $110 billion which resulted in strong performance for our clients. That track record also includes supporting clients with execution advice on strategic transactions totaling more than $660 billion. As a result of this track record of proven success and a more stable environment marked by heightened financial regulation, we are now helping clients position their balance sheets to maximize value and thoroughly managing risk including numerous assignments as part of the Dodd-Frank Stress Test in the United States CCAR planning initiatives, the ECB AQR and most recently in August, the FMA business of BlackRock was selected to provide consultancy services to the European Central Bank on the design and implementation of their ABS purchase program. This marks a real transition for the FMA business from a crisis oriented work to differentiated advisory and consultancy services. In all our businesses BlackRock strives to be a trusted advisor to our clients from institutions to end consumers. As a trusted advisor to our clients we also believe we have a responsibility to engage with regulators to promote a safe and sound financial system. We know there is growing concern for many around about liquidity and markets. We believe our success at BlackRock depends on investor’s continued confidence in the markets and so we have a shared interest in working with regulators on these issues. In closing, I want to share with you the reaction to BlackRock I witnessed during the last four days where I spent at the IMF Annual Meetings in Washington DC last week. During that time I met with more than 30 clients. In total BlackRock meet with 141 clients who are among the world’s leading financial institutions and I was struck by how BlackRock’s reputation and position in the financial marketplace came through in each and every meeting. Investors are turning to BlackRock for advice and for investment solutions and it was a very gratifying time for us to be as part of these exceptional discussions and to see the actions clients are looking to give to BlackRock to be a thought leader and to help them provide them with better financial futures.  I believe BlackRock has never been better positioned to meet the needs of our clients around the world. We remain focused on performance, we remain focused on strengthening our leadership team, remain focused on developing our talent, remain focused on enhancing our differentiating platform to unlock value for our clients, and of course, to our shareholders.  With that, I want to thank our leadership team and all of our employees for delivering a strong quarter and continuing to work towards building better financial futures for our clients. Before we take up your questions I wanted to mention that in addition to Gary, Matt, and myself here in New York we have Rob Kapito joining us on the line from Hong Kong where he and the BlackRock team there are hosting BlackRock’s Second Annual Asia Wealth Symposium bringing together our clients across the region. Rob is also leading our fourth Knowing BlackRock Event, a series of internal events around the world that are part of an ongoing effort to foster a One BlackRock culture, to foster driving better leadership, and to foster driving better performance and better execution. Let me open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: I wanted to ask a question on the alternatives business and I think Gary, you mentioned in your comments that you obviously had some realizations, returned some capital, and also had maybe some outflows from discreet hedge funds. But if you look at that business it’s pretty sizeable, it’s a hundred odd billion and that’s one place that despite the success you’ve had across the firm where flows have continued to be kind of break-evenish despite the size. Can you maybe give us a little bit more color on underneath the business, kind of maybe which strategies are having kind of the flow issues or some of the puts and takes, if you will, that are going on behind it?
Laurence D. Fink : I’m going to open it up and then I’ll let Gary really get into some of the details. We are very excited about our flows and the situation we have in alternatives. We have returned some large pools of money back to our investors. We had huge [inaudible] mortgage strategies that we liquidated in July that were quite successful to our investors and so that is a decline in our assets. But in our illiquid strategies we do not put those assets under AUM until those monies are invested. So we have a firm commitment for those monies, and that’s now totaling $7 billion of flows over the last few years and they continue to grow, and we put those monies to work over the course of the next several years. So in reality, we are recycling our alternatives strategy quite successfully and I believe the momentum is accelerating towards more opportunities for BlackRock in the hedge fund arena. I’ll let Gary go into some specifics, but the macro number masks the successes we’ve been having. 
Gary S. Shedlin : Rob, no one would like this to be a little cleaner and simpler to understand than I would and we spend a lot of time on it. But we’ve got about $113 billion of total alts of which we classify $88 billion of those effectively as core and we strip out currency and commodities from that when we think about the core business. I think obviously, as Larry mentioned, return on capital, it does complicate the matter a little bit. I mean, obviously, this quarter alone we had return on capital of a little over a billion which effectively matched about a little less than a billion of new commitments that we raised in the current quarter.  Year-to-date, our return of capital is about $2.8 billion and that was again versus last year where it was close to $3 billion. It’s clear that over the last two years, I guess since the beginning of ’13 and Larry mentioned we’ve raised about $9 billion in commitments and I think, you know, candidly we’re looking for the right opportunities. In a perfect world perhaps we would have invested some of that money a little quicker to basically match the timing better. But you know obviously, we’re not going to put client interests behind what happens in our core flows in terms of return on capital versus putting the assets in the ground. It also is impacted by a lot of ins and outs which, you know, is frankly the same phenomena that impacts some of our institutional index business. But, if we basically look excluding the return on capital, and I know this is a little unfair, but if we effectively exclude kind of one larger hedge fund that has frankly been a little more challenged in the last year or so and the way we look at the core health of the business, that would put up about $1.4 billion of core alts flows in the quarter with retail alts being about $400 million of that and institutional being about a billion. On the retail side that’s really again, being driven as Larry has mentioned, our flagship global longshore credit but we’re also now having good flows from global longshore equity. I mentioned we recently launched the new multi manager fund which basically pulled in about $100 million this quarter already so that’s off to a good start. On the institutional side again, excluding return of capital and this one challenged hedge fund, we saw strong flows into BAA of close to $350 million, our fund to private equity business invested about close to $275 million in the quarter, real estate had about $200 million in the quarter. Our alternative solutions which is a key growth area, was close to $150 million. So there’s actually very strong pockets of momentum around it however, it takes a little bit of commitment from you and us to make sure you can see all of that happiness.
Robert Lee – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: If I could maybe ask one follow up which I’m sure is on a lot of people’s minds, you know, the turmoil from one of your competitors and the assets that may be kind of in play or in motion as a result of that. I guess I’m particularly interested in your thoughts as it relates to the DC world where, you know, certainly the total return fund has been pretty well entrenched and there’s usually not a lot of fixed income options out there. But how do you feel about if you look at the opportunity set how do you feel about your ability to kind of start capturing some share there and at the same time are you starting to see more DC plans thinking about a broader range of options within their fixed income selections.
Gary S. Shedlin : I think you’ve identified a great growth opportunity for us. A, on the DC land, managers are entrenched until they’re not. We have had a historically very strong presence in the DC side in the index equity and target date products and so we have great relationships and now because of our strong performance and breadth in our fixed income, we have an incredible chance now to leverage those relationships and indeed we are indeed winning more wins in the DC side and we do believe this is going to be a great opportunity. In addition, as people think about fixed income especially on the DC side, we are seeing evidence of people moving out of a total return type of product into a more unconstrained strategies too so this is going to be an opportunity for us in the coming years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Kenneth Worthington – JP Morgan: Topic de jour, a lot of the intermediate term investment dollars in motion – so first to what extent do certain categories of institutional investors already have so much money managed by BlackRock that it’s hard for them to invest more with you? By following up with Rob in DC, you’re doing so well on iShares in the DC channel, does that somehow constrain you on the fixed income side for example, or are there other categories?
Laurence D. Fink : Ken, we have not seen one example where our scale and our presence with our clients are being impacted. We actually won some business from one client already in the DC side where when we did the BGI merger they were concerned about our large presence within their plans. Over the course of the years they’ve become accustomed to our large presence and they’ve indeed since then awarded us more business. Well, we’ve been awarded more business again from them.  So we’re not seeing any evidence of that at the moment. I think importantly, more and more clients are separating the amount of business we have in beta products versus alpha products so I think we’re in a very good position now to take on a larger share of wallet with more clients.
Kenneth Worthington – JP Morgan: Then money in motion again, it seems to be going into cash, short term bond, intermediate term bond currently, what asset categories do you think are best positioned over the next year? So for example when capital had its issues you had money go out of equities actually go into PIMCO and into fixed income so there was a big switch. What categories do you think are best positioned over the next year or plus?
Laurence D. Fink : Where are you identifying the flows? Are you doing it in the mutual area? What people can’t see is what’s going on on the institutional side and let me just highlight the institutional side. On the institutional side, generally consultants determine how given managers are perceived and if there’s changes in perception there’s money in motion. That’s a slow process, in some cases it’s going to take quarters, maybe even a year. But we have had more buy recommendations added to BlackRock in the last few months mainly because of our five year success in performance.  So much of it had to do with the timing of our success. There is not a single event that is stimulating some of this it is just because the consistency of our positioning in fixed income and obviously because the events that you’re alluding to there’s been more change. We are seeing more opportunities over the next quarters and years of money in motion into various fixed income strategies. What we are seeing more and more clients looking at, they’re looking for outcomes, they’re looking for solutions. They’re not moving money across asset categories so most of the money, if it is being moved, it’s being moved from one fixed income to another fixed income player and then you’re seeing biases moving. The one area where we’ve just been awarded a big assignment is a big institution that would have been awarding us something in the total return side of fixed income and they determined to award us a large assignment in the unconstrained fixed income. So that’s where we’re seeing the biases change but there is a lot of money in motion going from total return in one shop to another shop and I believe there is quite a bit of movement today in the institutional side that should show up worldwide in the next few quarters.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: First just to hit on the margin, the adjusted result of 44.2 looked very strong. I’m just wondering if you can provide some color on the sustainability of this level and it also looks like G&A expenses were a little light driven by FX and there’s always the seasonal G&A trends in 4Q which tends to be higher. So maybe just provide us a little color there and maybe you can help us in terms of what a good go forward range is?
Gary S. Shedlin : So a couple of things on margins. Obviously, in the context of year-over-year comparisons you obviously have to look at the relevant quarters that you’re comparing and so I think from Q3 to Q3 if you will a couple of things went on. Obviously, we had strong beta from that Q3 to Q3 period which obviously helps drive revenue growth and you saw not only in addition to our organic growth, we actually put up 15% year-over-year revenue growth which is a pretty good number. On the expense side really two things. As you’ve mentioned, one is our G&A clearly was low in the quarter. I think we highlighted sequentially that there was about a $51 million gap which was primarily attributable to the FX remeasurement and lower legal fees and expenses relative to the last quarter where we called them out as being somewhat high.  So beta driving one direction, expense driving the other direction and then obviously, as we’ve mentioned both this quarter and last quarter some changes in comp accruals that make quarter-over-quarter comparisons a little less relevant. But mentioning that we really hadn’t changed comp philosophies and so as you look at full year accruals I think that’s a better indicator. Then of course you take all of that and you go into the fourth quarter and I think there’s no question that beta comparisons year-over-year will look much less muted. It was a strong fourth quarter in beta last year. It’s not looking like a very strong fourth quarter this year so that will impact obviously year-over-year comparisons. We mentioned the FX impact so we’re going in with lower spot AUM into the quarter than our average and as you correctly mentioned, in addition to the seasonal uptick in our [MMP] spend which is actually also planned, we’ve got some rougher comparisons on the performance fee because of the opportunistic fees that we booked last year. I think if you take all of that into consideration I would suggest that the 44.2% in the quarter is probably not something we’d be looking to repeat in the fourth quarter and I think as it relates to margin guidance, I think our margin guidance hasn’t changed as it relates to the overall business.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: Just a follow up on the management turnover at one of your competitors. We’ve only had three business days in the third quarter result and we only have mutual fund data there but if you could size of the potential opportunity given your good performance, wide product menu across 401k, retail, and then institutional, which one are you more excited about in terms of growth in your active bond business?
Laurence D. Fink : It’s still too early to determine how much is going – it’s fair to say there’s a sizeable opportunity. It’s in the 10s of billions of dollars. We’ve seen recent strong momentum but it’s going to play out over quarters and maybe a year and as I said, it’s going to be – in the core fixed income strategies it’s going to be in the unconstrained fixed income strategies.  You may see people, and I think there is evidence that you’re seeing some people moving into ETFs and maybe this is as a holding pattern. But I just want to underscore we are seeing this type of flows because of our five years of performance. I just want to remind everybody that we had $48 billion of flows in the first nine months and so we continue to just think it is all about performance, it is all about positioning, it is also because of our strength in beta and alpha products and fixed income.  So it is our platform that has also differentiated and our global positioning. But as I said this is a sizeable opportunity and there is increased momentum.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Luke Montgomery – Sanford Bernstein.
Luke Montgomery – Sanford Bernstein: Kind of a big picture question here, you’ve got institutional index strategies contributing just 10% of your revenues but I think those AUM receive about a 40% weight in the conventional calculation for organic growth. So if you exclude those assets I think the organic growth on what I think we might call revenue critical AUM has been ranging between 5% and 7% on a trailing year basis. I don’t know of many asset managers of any size that are flowing at that rate and perhaps I’m wrong, but it really doesn’t seem like that’s reflected in your multiple today. The question is sort in terms of messaging what’s it going to take how investors view your organic growth rate.
Gary S. Shedlin : Hopefully, you tell everybody. I mean, look it’s a great point, it’s one that you know we have been trying to tell a little bit differently than the way you just stated it both at investor day and even today. We’re trying to basically point to a concept of organic based fee growth being in excess of organic asset growth which is by virtue of stronger growth in our retail and our iShares business, or obviously relative to the institutional business and in particularly institutional index business. I would say that we do give you ways to get there in terms of the disclosure. There’s ways to back that out but I’m mindful that it’s always easier if we do that for you and I think it’s fair that we are always thinking about ways to improve our disclosure and to help investors and analysis better understand our business and we’re actively considering whether or not we should make some changes going into next year. I mean, we do break out on the AUM tables exactly that component of flows and obviously, the beginning balance of our institutional index business so you can actually go ahead and do that and I don’t want to suggest that the institutional index business is not a very important component of the firm, but you’re right to suggest it has lower revenue characteristics than some of our other businesses and that in markets such as this the velocity of those assets tends to be a little bit greater so even though you’re seeing $5 billion of net flows there’s basically significantly more inflows and outflows that happen every quarter to get to that net number. So we take your point, we appreciate it, and we are going to give it a lot more thought as we go into the end of the year.
Luke Montgomery – Sanford Bernstein: I think the fee versus AUM basis for presenting organic growth is interesting but maybe it’s just as simple as showing organic growth figure excluding institutional index in your press release. That’s what I might suggest.
Gary S. Shedlin : I think that’s one way to do it. Though again, that data is there for people who want to figure it out. 
Laurence D. Fink : I would just also want to say that I don’t want to dismiss the institutional index business and we love it, we think it’s a growth area, we think it’s a very important connector with our clients as I discussed earlier especially on the DC side which is really an institutional component and it’s a connector to so many of our other businesses. That’s the opportunity of it. Obviously, Gary and team will look at how we can better account so you have a better understanding of our growth rates and our revenues. But we don’t want to dismiss a great component of our business.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs.
Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs: Just following up on the organic growth, you know, you are out there with a forecast for 5% organic growth and I just want to get a sense of two things. You’ve constructed that view that you can get to that organic growth rate at some point in time and I think you’ve given us some of the building blocks. Maybe you can just review that but also, what kind of assumptions are embedded in a forecast like that in terms of manager replacement? Obviously, there is a lot of money in motion, some of which you would have expected to be on the fixed income side, but I’m curious also, manager replacement and volatility, how that sort of plays into that forecast and what we should expect?
Gary S. Shedlin : A great question. Look, 5% when we laid it out was viewed as a target. It’s an aspirational target. We’re very serious about making sure we have strategies, business strategies, and appropriate talent, and making sure that we provide resources for those businesses to get there. We very much still believe in the fact that that is a number we can achieve. We are very much still focused on the three components of that growth with iShares being low double digit growth, retail being high single digit growth and our institutional business being low single digit growth obviously, with faster growing parts of that business offsetting some of the headwinds we face in DB. So, we’re continuing to prosecute the strategy and we still feel incredibly comfortable about that. I would say that it’s not a quarter-to-quarter number for us. It’s basically getting there on a more long term stable basis. We obviously – I’ll come back to the discussion we just had with Luke, which is actually if you strip out some of the more lower fee components which have been a little bit more volatile in recent quarters, one might suggest that we’re already there on a trailing 12 basis for some of those businesses but I’m mindful that’s changing the goal post a little bit and I think in the context, and Rob’s on the phone, he may want to chime in obviously, there are significant amounts of cash yet on the sidelines that when that gets deployed that will actually have an important element to our ability to attract some of those assets. I think we’re still moving forward and we’re holding people accountable to get there and our sincere hope is that we’ll be able to, in the near term, be able to talk about getting there very consistently.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of William Katz – Citigroup.
William Katz – Citigroup: Just coming back to the money motion discussion [inaudible] very topical, Larry you highlighted sort of the five year track record as being a key differentiating factor for you. Just coming at scale the other way, how important is scale and capacity as well as a consideration for all the consultants as they think about incremental opportunities, maybe perhaps some PIMCO?
Laurence D. Fink : As I said earlier Bill, I don’t think CL is a negative, I think CL has proven to be a positive for us and we have plenty of growth opportunities in our unconstrained area. That’s going to be the area where we will ultimately have capacity issues but we have measured that and we have a lot of bandwidth to continue to grow in our unconstrained strategies. This is something we look at with our strategic product management group. This is the group that is trying to design new products and trying to eliminate products that are underwhelming.  I think that’s another reason why we are winning so much business in some many different fixed income strategies. I think the highlight is it’s not just the active fixed. We actually won some inactive fixed, and unconstrained fixed, and iShares fixed income. We’re seeing inquiry in our model based fixed. It is the scale and breadth of our fixed income platform across the globe, is the reason why we’re having so much dialog with the consultants worldwide and it is allowing us to be well positioned for that money that is moving. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: You guys put a whitepaper out I think a few weeks back just on some of the issues in the fixed income markets and some of the longer term solutions. Just given the recent volatility we’ve seen – I don’t know if you want to call it hiccups but some new issues in terms of liquidity I just want to get your view, I think a lot of the things you guys discuss in terms of the long term fixed makes a lot of sense. Some of those things is just a lot tougher to do in the near term, you know, when we may fax increased volatility and given the amount of assets that have gone into fixed income and the reduced inventory on broker or dealer balance sheets I just want to get your sense what are you guys doing or what can you do to try to protect your investment returns in some of the lack of liquidity in the market which can impact the returns for investors.
Laurence D. Fink : I would say overall the markets are performing quite well. There have only been a few circumstances where you’ve seen really [inaudible] type of trading behaviors in the last few months. In any one single day or single week you may have seen some spreads widening but over a course of a two to three month period of time they narrow back. I think there’s been some great consistency across the fixed income market. That said, we are worried about the liquidity in the fixed income markets, especially in the corporate bond area where there is just so many different [inaudible] and so many different issuances and there’s no consistency and importantly this is a big role that the investment bankers and Wall Street play in terms of providing balance sheet and navigating your positioning within the fixed income universe and that balance sheet has been reduced significantly and so it does, at times, present liquidity issues. This is why we have been so loud in stating that we need a more expedient adoption of electronic protocols and markets. I do believe this is one of the areas where regulators need to focus. I spoke about this at an [IMS] session this past weekend, that I think it’s imperative that we focus on this. As the regulators have put more capital demands on banks, by definition the capital markets are playing a larger and larger role in terms of financing corporations and financing different organizations.  With that in mind now, we need to be focusing on how to improve the capital markets in making sure they provide a stable, a mechanism for buying and selling securities. We’re in this transition phase right now and the faster and sooner we have this adaptation of electronic trading the sooner we have standardization of some form of corporate bond issuance, and then importantly we need behavioral changes across the board.  This is going to take time and so the worry we have is do we have enough time before there’s a true liquidity event that really destabilizes the market. This is why I said in my prepared statement, we need to be working with regulators to make sure we have a more stable trading environment. We are the biggest beneficiaries in the world as the largest asset manager. We benefit when there’s greater liquidity. We need to make sure that our clients believe that investing is safe for them too so this is key. Now, in saying that though, because we are a large client of all the different firms worldwide, if there’s balance sheet that is off or just because of our relationships, we have an advantage but that’s not a lasting type of thing and this is why we are so much in front, whether it’s writing or working with regulators, working with the street to build a more robust electronic market.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr of ISI.
Glenn Schorr – ISI: Just a follow up question. You mentioned a couple of things impacting on the retail side but the last 12 months your organic growth rates is in like 11%, this quarter it was 4%. I’m curious how much you think of that as more environmental versus maybe talk about some of the successes you’re pushing through on your distribution strategies.
Laurence D. Fink : As Gary suggested, we had outflows in high yield, that was environmental. We had outflows in European equities, that was environmental. On the positive side we had inflows in other products. I think it speaks very loudly to our platform. Obviously we want to be beneficiaries of all the areas where there’s going to be inflows but there are going to be periods of time where our client interests are going to be navigating out of those platforms.  We also saw even in iShares, in the last few weeks of September we saw large movement out of some European iShares products, European equity iShare products. So this is all environmental. We truly believe we’re penetrating more distribution channels, more [RIA] channels, a broader distribution channel in Europe than ever before and so I think we are in a very good position for whatever is money in motion in the retail channels, we are going to continue to see some elevated growth. We are strengthening our positions across the world. As I talk about our strategic product group we’re evolving our product set so we are responding to the needs of clients and so I feel very good about how we are positioned in retail and iShares and importantly we are going to continue to build our brand and I think we have done a very good job at building brand awareness and now we need to continue to do that and be successful in that. Gary, do you have any more to add to that?
Gary S. Shedlin : I mean to put some numbers into perspective in terms of European equities, I mean it happens, again maintaining still good three, five year performance there, you know, that cost us close to $4 billion in the quarter in retail in outflows and then high yield again top decile performance and rotation there cost about $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion for the quarter. So if you just think about the magnitude of those two products still with decent performance in fact, some exceptional performance in some cases, that [inaudible] the growth rate just in the quarter alone in those two areas. So the good news is as Larry said, we had continued strength in the EMEA index, we had continued strength in fixed income, continued strength in multi asset, and I think without that there’d be a very different story and that’s part of the diversification and stability story we’re trying to tell.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink : The last comment Gary just said I think is really key as you think about BlackRock. I think we have a unique business model, a unique culture that is differentiating us and once again allowing us to deliver a strong third quarter. We have never been as well positioned to meet the needs of our clients worldwide and I think clients are turning to us more than ever before because of the consistency over 26 years of a comprehensive and deliberate process of focusing on our culture, our team, our technology, and our talent and I think this is very critical. As I said earlier in my prepared remarks, when we combine our people, and our technology, and our risk management on top of our investment platform and wrap it up with one common BlackRock culture, the totality of the firm comes together and it serves our clients well. I can say in the fourth quarter and going forward we’re going to just be as intently focused on achieving our performance, on strengthening our leadership relationships with our clients, continuation of developing our talent. As Gary said it really well, our highly diversified platform allows our investors to have a greater stability with more consistent growth than any other asset manager and I’ll leave it at that. Thanks everyone. Talk to you at the end of the fourth quarter.
Operator:  This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow – General Counsel Laurence D. Fink – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary S. Shedlin – Chief Financial Officer Robert S. Kapito – President
Analysts: Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC Marc S. Irizarry – Goldman Sachs & Co. Luke Montgomery – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC William R. Katz – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Kenneth B. Worthington – JPMorgan Securities LLC Craig W. Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Daniel T. Fannon – Jefferies LLC Brennan Mc Hawken – UBS Securities LLC Michael R. Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris M. Harris – Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary S. Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. Before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me remind all of you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. And of course, we call your attention to the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. And as we usually warn you, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, let the call begin. Gary?
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks Matt, and good morning everyone. It’s my pleasure to be here to present results for the second quarter of 2014. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I’ll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. as usual, I will be focusing primarily on as adjusted results. At our Investor Day last month, I reaffirmed the growth framework, predicated on driving organic growth, using scale to create operating leverage in a consistent capital management strategy. BlackRock executed on each of these drivers during the second quarter, resulting in continued earnings growth. We generated second quarter earnings per share of $4.89, up 18% compared to the second quarter of 2013. Operating income was $1.1 billion, 15% higher than a year ago. Non-operating results reflected a $37 million increase in the market value of our [Steed & Co.] investments. Recall that non-operating income in the second quarter of 2013 reflected $30 million – $39 million pretax gain related to PennyMac’s IPO, and the results in the first quarter of 2014 were impacted by the monetization of a non-strategic opportunistic private equity investment. Our 24.8% as adjusted tax rate for the second quarter benefited from several favorable non-recurring items and an improved geographic mix of earnings. As a result of increased growth in our international businesses, we now estimate that 29% is a reasonable tax rate for the second half of 2014. And based on what we know today, 30% represents a reasonable projected tax rate for 2015. Our second quarter results were driven by $38 billion of long-term net new flows, representing an annualized organic growth rate of almost 4%. Flows were driven by our retail and iShares client businesses. As we discussed at Investor Day, faster growth in these businesses will drive favorable change in our revenue mix. And we once again saw organic base fee growth meaningfully outpacing organic asset growth during the quarter. Second quarter revenue was $2.8 billion, up $296 million, or 12% from a year ago, and was driven by continued growth in base fees, performance fees and revenue from BlackRock Solutions. We once again experienced year-over-year base fee growth across all long-dated asset classes. Base fees increased $257 million, or 12% from a year-ago, as average AUM increased due to organic growth, market appreciation and the acquisitions of the Credit Suisse ETF and MGPA real estate businesses. Base fees were up 6% compared to the first quarter, aided in part by the seasonal increase in securities lending activities we typically see in the second quarter. Performance fees for the quarter increased $26 million, or 29% from a year ago, driven by stronger performance in our broad suite of single strategy hedge funds, as well as certain long-only equity strategies. Recall that first quarter performance fees included a significant fee associated with the planned final liquidation of an opportunistic 2007 vintage closed-end mortgage fund. BlackRock Solutions revenues of a $146 million, was up 6% year-over-year, but down 5% compared to the first quarter. Our Aladdin business, which represented 75% of BRS revenue in the quarter, grew 11% year-over-year. Flat sequential quarter results for Aladdin were once again, impacted by the timing and recognition of certain revenue, as we continue to onboard a number of large clients onto the Aladdin platform. We anticipate that several of these large clients will go live in the coming months, generating revenue uplift as we move past the implementation phase. Our financial markets advisory business continues to transition from a crisis management orientation to a more institutionalized advisory business model with continued momentum in bank regulatory-related assignments, including ECB AQR and Fed CCAR diagnostics. As we mentioned in last quarter, FMA results have recently reflected higher levels of revenue associated with asset disposition assignments. While the second quarter of 2014 was also positively impacted by residual disposition activity, the revenue impact was at a lower level than recent quarters. Other income increased $17 million sequentially as a result of higher transition management service fees, earnings from certain strategic investments and real estate related disposition fees. Expense for the second quarter rose $145 million year-over-year, driven primarily by revenue related items, including compensation and direct fund expense and an increase in general and administration expense. While compensation as a percentage of revenue declined year-over-year as a function of aggregate levels and mix of performance fees and timing of certain accruals, quarterly comparisons are less relevant and our overall compensation policies have not changed. G&A expense increased $36 million year-over-year or 11%, driven primarily by increased occupancy and office related costs and other expense, including elevated legal and regulatory expense. Aggregate G&A expense in the first half of the year benefitted from a delay related to the timing of our total marketing and promotional spend, the balance of which is expected to be incurred during the remainder of 2014. Sequentially, G&A expense increased $64 million from the first quarter, primarily reflecting the timing of marketing and promotional spend, increased occupancy expense, reflecting the dilapidation reversal in the prior quarter and the previously mentioned increased level of legal and regulatory expense. Overall, total expense increased 10% from a year ago, compared to a 12% increase in revenue over the same period, resulting in an as adjusted operating margin of 42.4%, 110 basis points higher than last year’s second quarter. We remain committed to a consistent and systematic capital management policy. During the second quarter, we repurchased an additional $250 million of stock, consistent with repurchase levels during the last few quarters and view that as a good planning rate over the balance of the year. Through both transformational acquisitions and targeted organic growth, we built the industry’s broadest asset management platform. Our diversification whether in terms of clients, products or geographies is a critical component of our strategy and enables us to deliver more consistent growth and more stable financial results over time. Another element of our strategy is the growth opportunity in global retail. We saw long-term net flows of $13.1 billion during the second quarter; driving 10% annualized organic growth with positive flows across products and regions. results were driven by our outcome-oriented offerings, including multi-asset alternatives, and unconstrained fixed income and efficient beta. International retail, once again, demonstrated stronger results, generating long-term net inflows of $8.9 billion in the quarter. Equity flows of $2.9 billion were led by net inflows into index funds, which have witnessed accelerated activity as the post-RBR European distribution model evolves and demand for efficiently packaged retail investment vehicles increases. Multi-asset net inflows of $1.4 billion reflected continued demand for our global allocation fund, a key component of our packaged outcomes offering. Fixed income net inflows of $4.7 billion were driven by flows into short duration, unconstrained and high yield bond products, as well as index funds. Within international fixed income, we saw $1.4 billion of flows into our BGF Euro Short Duration bond fund and nearly $850 million into our Fixed Income Global Opportunities fund or FIGO, which is a cross-border version of Strategic Income Opportunities or SIO, our flagship domestic unconstrained fixed income fund. U.S. Retail’s quarterly long-term net inflows of $4.2 billion were led by our duration managed fixed income suite and packaged outcomes, including our multi-asset income and global long/short credit funds. unconstrained fixed income continues to be led by SIO where we’re seeing strong interest from both retail and institutional clients. We also saw growing momentum in our unconstrained Strategic Municipal Opportunities fund or SMO, which raised over $500 million. Global iShares generated $30.4 billion of net new business in the quarter, representing annualized organic growth of 13%, driven by strong equity flows. Organic growth for iShares over the last 12 months has returned to low double digits, consistent with our longer-term targets. Equity flows of $20.6 billion were driven by a rebound in emerging markets and demand for developed market exposures. In emerging markets, EEM generated over $6 billion of quarterly net flows and in developed markets; we saw continued demand across a variety of exposures and geographies. Fixed income net flows of $9.5 billion represented the leading share of fixed income ETF flows during the second quarter paced by flows into longer duration U.S. treasuries, investment grade corporates, emerging markets debt and high yield. The buy-and-hold segment remains an important growth story for iShares. During the quarter, we generated $5.5 billion of flows into the U.S. Core Series; while also extending its reach and launching a European version of the core. Our institutional business experienced $5.5 billion in quarterly long-term net outflows, as net inflows into institutional active mandates were more than offset by net outflows in index equities. Institutional active net inflows of $1 billion included $5.3 billion of net inflows into multi-asset class products, driven by continued demand for our LifePath target-date suite and fiduciary wins. Our strength in fundamental fixed income drove net inflows of $900 million with demand across unconstrained strategies; regional credit mandates and CLOs. Institutional active equity outflows included fundamental and scientific outflows of $2.4 billion and $2.1 billion respectively. We continue to experience outflows in fundamental equity products that are performance-challenged, though SAE outflows were primarily driven by partial redemptions from clients harvesting gains in appreciated portfolios. In core institutional alternatives, net inflows into alternative, hedge fund and private equity solutions mandates were offset by outflows in certain single strategy hedge funds and capital successfully returned to investors. Nonetheless, strong momentum continues in alternatives with an additional $1 billion of commitments raised in the second quarter. Since the beginning of 2013, we have raised $8.5 billion of commitments across alternatives, $6.7 billion of which has yet to be deployed. Future net new business will be generated as these commitments are invested. Institutional index equities experienced net outflows of $7.9 billion, driven primarily by portfolio rebalancing. In the face of strong equity markets and improved funding ratios, pension clients continue to rebalance their portfolios and as interest rates rise, we expect to see additional immunization activity if equity markets remain at or near current levels. This quarter once again, demonstrated the breadth and depth of our business model. BlackRock’s diversification continues to enable us to deliver consistent results, one element of S&P’s decision to upgrade BlackRock’s credit rating to AA-, making us one of the most highly rated firms in the global financial services industry. At Investor Day, we elaborated on the strategy to achieve our growth targets. We remain confident that we have the right strategy, tools and talent to execute. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. thanks, Gary. The second quarter marked the sixth great quarterly rise for the S&P 500, and rising markets, equity markets across the globe. This was driven by growing confidence in the United States, and in Europe, and in pockets of outperformance in the emerging economies. The 10-year treasury is back to near 2.5%, the Fed continues to ease their bond buying efforts, and even in light of some of the recent volatility, the VIX is hovering near pre-crisis lows. Markets have been complacent in the face of this risk with down days quickly followed by elevated buying trends. Credit standards are loosening, cap rates are falling, and correlations remain very high, following the spring shakeup in the global momentum trade. However, the positive environment and the market gains we’ve seen in the past several years have been driven primarily by accommodative policy decisions and coordinated central bank actions. More of the same won’t be enough to move market forward from here. Corporate results and earnings growth will be needed to become larger drivers of valuation. That’s where our attention has been, and in the past couple of days, we’ve seen second quarter kickoffs with some bellwether names, posting very strong results. Investors are also going to have to focus more economic growth to justify driving asset prices higher. for that to happen, governments across the globe must take meaningful action beyond monetary policy. The United States needs to address issues like immigration and infrastructure, and readers like Prime Minister, Abe in Japan, and Prime Minister, Renzi in Italy must advance their reform agendas to produce tangible economic results. Around the world, infrastructure is a key area where governments and private capital providers can partner to drive long-term economic growth and job creation. At BlackRock, we remain highly focused on building a deep understanding of markets and evaluating risk from all angles. I believe that the accommodative policy we’ve seen over the past five years will ultimately lead to increased volatility, as policy decision diverge and investors become more focused on the performance of individual countries, individual industries and obviously individual companies. It is our responsibility, as a fiduciary to help our clients to prepare for this type of shift by building durable portfolios designed to perform over the long-term. We do this by providing our clients with a set of capabilities and a client experience that we don’t believe anyone else in the industry can replicate. We talked at our recent Investor Day about the key differentiators that set BlackRock apart, and that will enable us to drive long-term results for our clients and importantly, for our shareholders. it starts with our people. Talent and culture are critical to our success, and I’m pleased to say that the management changes we announced earlier this year have gone into effect as of June 1. Our team is working together in this new structure to execute against our key strategies to meet the needs of our clients. I strongly believe that we have at this time the deepest, most talented team in the asset management industry and the strength of our next generation of leaders will drive BlackRock’s future success. BlackRock is the world’s most global asset manager. We manage money for clients in more than 100 countries around the world through the combination of our on-the-ground presence in more than 30 countries and our ability to provide clients with the industry’s broadest set of global and local investment solutions. That global investment and distribution infrastructure positions BlackRock to capitalize on the future growth and development of the world’s capital markets that will be necessary to support global economic growth. BlackRock’s global platform generated $131 billion of long-term net flows over the last 12 months, representing an organic growth rate of approximately 4%. These results were driven by our diverse investment platform, another key element that sets BlackRock apart from our competitors. We have expertise across asset classes and we can deliver that expertise across a variety of investment vehicles. We have active and index on a single platform, which helps us position the firm to meet a holistic approach and needs of our clients. The second quarter showcases BlackRock’s product breadth, with 12 funds across retail and iShares generating more than $1 billion in flows, tying a record number of $1 billion plus funds that we saw in our fourth quarter of 2013. These funds are spread across developed and emerging markets, domestic and international clients, equities, fixed income and multi-asset class, active and index, and short and long duration exposures, together demonstrating BlackRock’s ability to be clients’ needs across the investment platform and spectrum. As I mentioned many times in the past, the diversity of our platform, our deep client relationships and our global footprint all positions BlackRock to deliver consistent financial results for our shareholders. And that consistency enables our management team to look forward at the key trends impacting our business and invest aggressively, where we see opportunities. One of those key growth areas is outcome-oriented investing. The investment landscape is shifting. Investors are looking for outcomes that target their investment goals, rather than benchmark-specific performance. This outcome-oriented style of investing requires a combination of a diverse set of investment capabilities, and a focus, and a deep focus on client service. Most asset managers specialize in one thing, and so they look at every client problem to the lens of that one specialty whether it may be active investments or index investments, or fixed income, or equities. BlackRock’s diverse platform allows us to instead to focus holistically on our clients’ needs and draw upon and across the entire firm to meet our clients’ needs. The investments we’ve made to build the combination of active and index across asset classes and regions, and our technology and risk management capabilities differentiate BlackRock in the outcomes and solutions space. And BlackRock’s offerings of packaged outcomes continue to drive growth in the second quarter, particularly in our retail businesses. Our five star multi-asset income fund, MAI, led by Michael Fredericks is one of our flagship package outcomes, an example of a fund that targets a critical challenge for our clients, generating reasonable income in a low yield environment by tactically balancing income across equities, fixed income and non-traditional sources of income. MAI has raised over $1 billion in the quarter and crossed the $7 billion mark in total assets. This fund has doubled in size organically over the last 12 months. Similarly, in the unconstrained fixed income area, SIO has raised $3 billion in flows in the quarter, stands at over $16 billion in AUM, and is the second most active mutual fund in the U.S. in terms of year-to-date net new flows. The interest in outcome-oriented investing is especially strong among our institutional clients. they are increasingly looking for investment partners that provide analytical insight, thought leadership, and breadth and depth of investment capabilities, all which play strongly to BlackRock’s strengths. At BlackRock, we take a consultative approach with our institutional clients, focused on understanding their specific needs and leveraging Aladdin’s capabilities to deliver investment solutions, a capability that is differentiated from other asset managers. Our relentless approach to risk management and technology positions BlackRock to offer a complete advice to our clients to help them not only achieve their returning targets, but to do so with a comprehensive understanding of their individualized risk and making sure they understand the risks that they are taking. The combination of Aladdin, our global platform, and our investment expertise across broad ranges of strategies positions BlackRock to deliver highly customized solutions to all our institutional clients worldwide. For example, on the first half of 2014, we closed more than $1.6 billion in custom alternative commitments and we saw strong flows in our fiduciary business, especially, in EMEA and demand for our LifePath target date suite in the United States. Our iShares business is also positioned to provide outcomes and solutions to a wide range of clients with differing investment preferences and differing objectives. iShares continues to be a major growth driver for the firm, delivering $77.5 billion of net flows in the last 12 months. And $30.4 billion of net flows in the second quarter across a variety of products and client segments. As Mark Wiedman discussed at Investor Day, there are three ways our clients are looking at ETFs and iShares specifically. One is core investments, or building blocks to construct the basis of buy-and-hold portfolios; two, precision exposures to express a specific, a targeted investment viewpoint, and three, as a financial instrument to efficiently add beta exposure to a variety of equity and/or fixed income markets in some case, replacing futures with ETFs and iShares. Each of these key product segments globally contributes to iShares’ growth in the quarter, delivering the number one ETF flow market share position for both the quarter and now year-to-date. Regardless of our strengths for growth, we cannot be successful, unless we produce superior investment performance. Nothing is more important than delivering performance for our clients. After the financial crisis, we restructured much of our active fixed income business. Our focused execution has paid off and we have strong performance across fixed income, with 90% of our active taxable and 70% of our active tax-exempt fixed income AUM is above our benchmark for peer medium for a three-year period of time. As of the end of June, we’ve seen strong performance in our fixed income total return fund, which is in the top decile for the one, for the three and a five-year period. Our low duration bond fund is the top decile for one and three years. And our newly launched Strategic Municipal Opportunities fund or SMO is in the sixth percentile for a one-year period of time. We also continue to see strong performance in our scientific active equities with 93% of our products above benchmark or peer medium for a three-year period. And from our index offerings, where we have 98% of our assets, we’re within or above the tolerant level, risk level for over a three-year period of time. I have spoken at length about the steps we are taking in our fundamental equity business to improve performance. We streamlined our investment process and recruited tough quality managers to add to our existing talent base. Most recently, Chris Jones has joined BlackRock as our Co-Head of Global Fundamental Equities and is our new CIO of America Equity Teams. And Antonio DeSpirito joined us, or will be joining us in our Equity Dividend Team later this year, working very closely with Bob Shearer. In the second quarter, several of our fundamental equity managers who had put up strong performance in recent months suffered a setback in a variety of global momentum aided strategies, and had produced strong alpha reversals. We recognize that we remain in a rebuilding phase in this business and though, we never like to see performance setback, we remain confident today in our capabilities of our teams and all our processes. To give you a few examples of the strength of some of our new managers Andrew Swan, who manages our Asian equities and Bart Geer who manages our Basic Value are in the 14th and fifth percentile respectively, since they joined BlackRock. And that performance is starting to begin to pay dividends with flows. We believe that over time, fundamental equities will be a growth area for BlackRock. We believe the combination of investing in our talent and our global footprint, our access to information and idea-sharing and our risk management capabilities positions BlackRock to deliver sustained superior investment performance to our clients. We know this is a multi-year effort, and we are committed to seeing it through. These investments in our fundamental equity business will further enhance the depth and breadth of our global business that we build over time throughout BlackRock. As I said at the beginning, we believe that BlackRock is a truly differentiated firm from any other firm in the world. We are seeing a consistent result that this model can deliver quarter-after-quarter. If you look at our growth on a year-over-year basis as adjusted, you will see we grew assets under management by 19%, we grew revenues by 12%, we grew operating income by 15%, and we grew earnings per share by 18%. That double-digit growth demonstrates the benefits of our diverse platform and our ability to deliver strong financial results to our shareholders. And I am confident that we not only have the platform, but we also have the right leadership team in place to continue to drive growth in the future even as the environment continues to evolve as we know it will. Constantly, adapting to the changing environment and improving our performance is something we are intensely focused on. That is how we intend to continue to unlock value for our clients and then ultimately our shareholders. Finally, I would like to thank our leadership team and our employees for delivering a very strong quarter and helping our clients build better financial futures. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Glenn Schorr with ISI. Please go ahead.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Glenn.
Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Hey, how are you?
Laurence D. Fink: Good.
Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: So I guess the first question I have is the cost of leverage on the street is kind of rising as banks get their houses in order, and that pushes out the cost of leverage to various products that companies like yours run. So I’m just curious, it certainly didn’t seem to affect your flows in the current period, but in things like long/short credit, multi-strat products that you’ve had success growing, does that factor in at all in terms of a) the growth and b) the profitability of those?
Laurence D. Fink: That’s a good question. There is no question, you’re seeing, as you’re referring to the cost of leverage, I will just say, the Basel III, Volcker rule, Dodd-Frank has forced many sell-side organizations to reduce their overall capital committing in the marketplace. And two, you’re seeing obviously, liquidity issues in some asset categories. Glenn, to date, we have not seen a dramatic change in our ability to buy or sell for our hedge fund strategy. But we’re mindful of that, and indeed you’re correct, if we see a continuing amount of inability to navigate our trades and we are seeing larger bid/ask spreads, there’s no question that can minimize the opportunities that our alternative products have. I should say though one other ways that investors are utilizing, or trying to change their behaviors, and this is a growth engine for us, we’re seeing hedge funds utilizing ETFs as – instead of futures or single-stock or single-bond strategies, they’re using ETFs as the mechanism to express a long or short type of exposure. So in some respects, if there’s more liquidity in different products such as an ETF, you may see that. And so I think, in some respects, the changes in the world related to dealer behaviors is a benefit for the ETF market in itself, and we’re benefitting from that and I tried to express one of the avenues in which people use ETFs. But one of the big things we have seen is the utilization and the cost of using futures, margins and all that has elevated and people are using ETFs as another example. But you’re absolutely correct that we have to be mindful of liquidity by market in terms of the exposures we have in some of the long/short products.
Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay. And maybe, just a follow-up, I appreciate that is related to alternatives, and I don’t know if it’s a technical question, but the platform across the board seems great. Your retail penetration is clearly growing and yet the net flows into the total, the alternatives bucket is pretty modest.
Laurence D. Fink: Yes.
Glenn P. Schorr – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Less than $300 million this quarter, now I don’t know if that’s a – some are growing, some are shrinking thing, or is it – the technical part of the question is, if you raised a lot, but have not deployed the capital, does it show up as a flow or does it show up as a flow when you get – my question is commitment versus funding?
Laurence D. Fink: We do not put commitment in our AUM bucket, some firms do. So, as Gary said in his speech, we did raise a little over $1.3 billion in commitments. Over the course of the year, we raised about $8.5 billion of commitments and we funded approximately 1.8 of it. That is a big change. We also – and we mentioned this in the first quarter and we’re still doing it. We’re actually monetizing some of our alternative products. So you’re seeing our commitments grow, but we’re not – but we haven’t invested in that, and yet, you’re seeing on the same time, we are monetizing some of our alternatives, because of the success of the strategies and we’re giving back the capital.
Gary S. Shedlin: So Glenn, it’s Gary. I would say one way to think about it is the return of capital hits the flows immediately and this quarter that was roughly $925 million thereabouts. And we were basically able to raise new commitments of $1 billion. So over the long-term, the new $1 billion that we’ve raised will obviously replace the $900 million that we just paid out. but unfortunately, it takes some time to basically invest the money over the…
Laurence D. Fink: Well, we take the more conservative approach the way we identify those with the asset raise.
Gary S. Shedlin: So Larry’s point is that of the $8 billion plus that we’ve raised since 2013, about $1.5 billion of that has effectively hit flows, meaning it has been invested and the dry powder or the $6.5 billion or $6.7 billion will hit flows over time as it’s invested.
Laurence D. Fink: But we are probably in more dialogue with more clients on our alternative space than we ever have been in the history of the firm. So we like where we’re positioned, but also we like the fact that we can monetize good successful strategies for our clients.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Marc.
Marc S. Irizarry – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, Larry. Just following on the alternatives question, the performance fee is always tough to get our arms around, the alternatives performance. But can you give us some sense maybe of what kind of embedded gains you have in some of the portfolios that you’re harvesting, and maybe, what that means for the outlook? And then I guess just broadly across the alternatives platform, how is performance holding up there? Thanks.
Laurence D. Fink: I’ll let Gary answer that.
Gary S. Shedlin: So Marc, as you know, we obviously don’t take the approach to economic net income that some of the pure play alternative managers do. so as we effectively see gains building up, which trigger accruals of, if you will embedded performance fees. We fully reserve for that going forward until they become permanent and no longer subject…
Laurence D. Fink: They don’t report us.
Gary S. Shedlin: So that’s not in our P&L and frankly, we don’t really disclose those as a matter of course. I think obviously, you saw performance fees were up 29% year-over-year. I think the important thing to note for us is very broad based. So it’s not a single fund that is basically driving that, it is a very deep. The breadth of the platform is evident in the fact that it’s when you see the results, it’s lots and lots and lots of different funds. Though it was clear that this particular quarter, we had a number of annual locks, meaning that they lock annually as opposed to quarterly, and we benefitted from a much stronger performance in this 12-month lock period than we did in the prior year. But broadly speaking, I think we’re feeling very happy with the performance of the alternatives platform and the performance fees are coming through.
Laurence D. Fink: And we are, as I said Marc, some great opportunities we have, I mentioned in the speech, in the infrastructure space, where we think this is going to be a great driver in the future for us and our clients. And so we have great opportunities in front of us across the alternative space, Rob Kapito and team and Charlie have spent a lot of time in a quietly rebooting our whole alternative platform under Matt Botein and Andy Stewart, and it’s been in the short-term, we’re starting to see real tangible results.
Marc S. Irizarry – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then Larry, just one follow-on, can you give us some – an update, if possible, on any of the asset management regulation, and maybe, specifically any update around maybe the discourse on systemic importance for asset managers?
Laurence D. Fink: I wish I had something to tell you that is factual, I don’t. We don’t know anything more than what you’ve been reading in the newspapers. Under Dodd-Frank, banks, anybody related to Dodd-Frank, whether it’s SIFI, or anything. we’re not allowed to have a dialogue, it is called lobbying, and it has to be publicly revealed that we’re lobbying. So there is not, there is – you don’t have the transparency of the process at all. this is very unusual. Any other type of world creation in Washington, there’s always a process of dialogue and this was explicitly prohibited in the law of Dodd-Frank. And so we don’t know anything more than what we read, and unfortunately, what we read, sometimes we believe there are leaks. And so it’s a pretty inappropriate process from our perspective. But our job is a constructive participant in this. We have been occasionally asked to provide information to various different regulators worldwide on different things that they may be studying. It’s a one-directional approach. we provide information and we get very little back and that’s obviously what the laws say. So I don’t know anything more, but what I’d like to do is give you some of how we think about asset managers and regulatory oversight. We calculated BlackRock, there’s $225 trillion in global financial assets. Assets that are being managed by investment firms, managed $62 trillion of the $225 trillion. So over 70% of the financial assets are owned and managed directly by the owners. And the other thing I would like to say, as you know, these are not our assets across the board. We have a contract in what we invest in and how we invest with every client. As you know, at BlackRock, we have hundreds of portfolio managers making decisions, we don’t have one CIO managing all the assets across all the spectrum going left or right or forward, and we’re – so this isn’t, we don’t take principal risk. And the last thing, I would just say related to BlackRock, if you dissect our platform, 62% of our assets or $2.8 trillion of our assets are index products. And then we manage about 32% of our assets are in active and another 6% in cash and advisory. So you think about the makeup of even as large as we look upon, much of our activities are very different than a lot of other asset managers in itself. So we believe that narrative that I just expressed is beginning to be more understood. And there was a proposal in Congress yesterday to allow for greater transparency in the process, deeper dialogues in the process and we welcome that type of activity. And we want to be a constructive participant in this dialogue.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Luke Montgomery with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Luke.
Luke Montgomery – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. thanks, guys. So a couple of questions on retail distribution. You entered 2013, I think, with a range of new strategic initiatives. Then the results over the last year or so have been pretty impressive as indicated by net flows. But aside from some of the key products that drove that growth, you’ve touched on them multi-asset in the Core ETF series. Could you give us a sense of how successful you’ve been with the goal of really broadening that penetration with the warehouses outside of that relationship you had historically with Merrill Lynch.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, it’s – I’m going to let Rob answer that. Rob, why don’t you?
Robert S. Kapito: Yes. so we have grown significantly from being Merrill Lynch-centric on retail, and in fact broadened the distribution to several others in a very significantly way. And in fact, our market share at some of the larger warehouses beyond Merrill Lynch has more than doubled over the last two years. So we continue to penetrate, because we are bringing products that a lot of them do not offer, and especially, in the ETF side, we’ve seen a lot of growth in that particular area. There’s other channels that have also been developed beyond just a typical warehouse, which is the RIA channel, of which a lot of financial advisors have moved from the large broker dealers into smaller channels, and we have pretty significant penetration in the RIA channel. We also as you know, have read about our joint venture was fidelity and that has been more successful than we had originally planned. So that broadens out our effort. And one of the things that has really been successful for us is that rather than going out with individual sales forces for our ETF channel and for our mutual fund channel, over the last year, we have combined our sales force to have the largest sales force going out and talking to broaden the distribution and treating the FAs more holistically, because they own in their portfolios both mutual funds, active, index and ETF. So we can talk to them about a more holistic solution. And I don’t think that many of our competitors can claim to be able to do that. And the last thing that has also helped to broaden out the channels is that we announced a core series and are specifically developing in the ETF channel, specific ETFs for the buy-and-hold retail segment. And again, that’s something that has also broadened out our retail network and has been very successful. So many things are going from years ago when we were more Merrill Lynch-centric. now we have a much broader and deeper retail penetration in our products.
Laurence D. Fink: Let me add one other thing, Luke, which I think is not fully understood by the investment community, and that is the substantial growth in mutual fund sales in Europe. As you know, banks continue to deleverage, more and more activities are going onto the capital markets, greater confidence in Europe and the Europe’s future with a huge amount of savings in Europe. And so we’re seeing much greater penetration across the board in European retail. So there are two other macro trends that are going on in Europe. one, domestic managers are losing out to the global international managers. And so across the board, you’re seeing the international investment managers picking up market share in Europe. And the last thing I would say you’re seeing a real consolidation in flows. the top 10 managers in Europe are driving almost 90% plus, maybe 110%, I don’t have the actual number in front of me, of all the flows, because with the smaller managers are actually having net outflows. but if you look at the substantial growth of $9 billion in international retail, this year-to-date that’s a high component of our growth. And I would – I should say international retail means Asia, it means Europe, it means South – Latin America. So let’s get back to my comments earlier about being in 30 countries, being local in 30 different countries. We are benefitting from that, and we believe as the world begins to look for other alternatives away from bank deposits looking for the strategies for their retirement, if you link in longevity and longevity issues, investors worldwide are looking for global advice and we’re very well positioned across that.
Luke Montgomery – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And so my follow-up and I apologize, Larry, because I know you chafe at the comparison of your firm to Vanguard’s, but a question on the distribution strategy in retail ETFs and index markets. I think over the years…
Laurence D. Fink: (Indiscernible) say I chafe.
Luke Montgomery – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: All right. Maybe I missed characterized that, but I’ve heard some warehouse distribution executives over the years lament that Vanguard products basically free ride on the warehouse distributors who have to custody their products as a courtesy to FAs and clients. So I wonder do you see any specific opportunity based on your willingness to partner more directly with those firms to pay channel access fees, etc. Does that give you an opportunity to supplant some of the market share they’ve acquired [concurrently] (ph)?
Laurence D. Fink: I’ll let Rob answer that.
Gary S. Shedlin: Yeah. I don’t think.
Laurence D. Fink: Bob, do you chase?
Robert S. Kapito: I don’t chase that at all. I view our strategies as quite different. We’re using; we’re going to expand by education, the use of how ETFs are going to benefit client’s portfolios, both institutional and retial. And I think in a product life cycle, this is very typical that you have people come in at first and you want to just get involved and then you have all the other uses of this product. Larry mentioned one for example, where we have a notice that ETFs are cheaper to use than futures. There is nobody better to go out into the marketplace and educate the community on a change like that than BlackRock is. And this is something that many of the other issuers of ETFs really don’t think about. they are out selling products. We’re selling a solution. An ETF is a part of that solution. when it comes to people that are looking for large credit portfolios, we’re able to talk to them about a holistic solution where they can get diversification, liquidity and actually have a better structured portfolio by the use of iShares than just buying the individual assets itself. We have so many different ways that we are developing the users of ETFs that a broker dealer community and the institutional community looks to us to use ETFs as part of an overall solution. So we’re not out there just pushing one product versus another product, because it’s half, we’re using this as a full part of a portfolio allocation. I think that’s very important. So it’s core investments, it’s to get more precision exposures into the marketplace and we are treating this as a significant financial instrument, not just a product that we hope to the garner more assets in. It’s a very different strategy than Vanguard is. they’re a good firm. So we’re glad to compete with them.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Bill.
William R. Katz – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Hi, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. Larry, just coming back to the regulatory front for a second, maybe a two-part question, one is what has been the sort of reaction from the institutional clients given the SEC discussion about possibly voting on a prime fund with a floating-rate NAV? And then a separate part of the question is, in certain early days, it looks like MiFID out of Europe is coming up with some pretty onerous shifts of views on how they are treating research versus trading, sort of wondering how you might be thinking about that dynamic as it relates to your business?
Laurence D. Fink: So, we have continuously been a constructive organization working side-by-side with our regulators related to money market funds. So we’ve been continuously engaged with the SEC throughout the process. we have made a number of recommendations. we have spoken to when asked about what we think about it, we’ve had dialogues with many of the commissioners when asked, and importantly, we’re well positioned regardless of where the SEC comes out on the portfolio – on the proposal excuse me. money is moving around and like we’re going to see how this all plays out for our clients that when you think about where we are as a firm in terms of money markets. We have money market funds; we have separate accounts, or money market accounts. we have short duration bond funds. we had ETF. we have other vehicles. Money will be in motion; money will change if clients find whatever the outcome is as very restrictive, they’ll move money elsewhere. We will also see, but most importantly, we’re well positioned and I do believe the SEC has been – have been very open to conversation related to recommendations and all that. We’ll see how this all plays out. The one thing I can’t say, can’t comment on, because I don’t – we don’t know what this means related to bank deposits, necessary, bank deposits could be even a better alternative. So obviously, money market funds are – in some cases, alternative to bank deposits and the flows of money market funds is a function of what bank rates are. But a lot of people are very mindful of how much exposure they would have with any one single bank. And so I think this is why money market funds are desired by clients and this is one thing that we try to express to regulators, clients like money market funds. And we’re well positioned. We have many government funds as a separate account. So we’ll standby and hear how – what the outcome will be from the SEC related to their decision. We know as much as you do. In theory, there is going to be some decision next week and we’ll find out. Related to MiFID and RDR in terms of regulatory changes, you’re going to see consolidation with managers. Our risk management tools is a huge benefit. And I do believe our index ETF platform efficient exposures. I think you’re going to see more movement towards ETFs as a result of the MiFID RDR type of regulatory changes. So it may reduce some of our business in Europe, but it’s going to enhance the other side of BlackRock’s business. And this is another example where, by the diversity of our products, our positioning globally really differentiates us. So we are working with regulators; we are mindful of this. We are telling regulators what clients want, what they expect. But we’re pretty well positioned one way or another related to whatever the outcome is related to MiFID and RDR.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Worthington – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Just one question from me. I wanted to ask about the retirement business outside the U.S. We’ve seen changes to the UK Pension Plan this year, which appears to benefit maybe asset managers over insurance companies. The EU has been underway for pension reform for I think the last four years. BlackRock has had some success in the U.S. taking market share and driving growth in the U.S. retirement business. Maybe, Larry, you could discuss what’s happening outside the U.S., and maybe, where the biggest opportunities lie for BlackRock?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, there’s no question some of the rule changes in the UK is a big opening for firms like us, especially, related to the UK pension reform. As you suggested, it was really an insurance product and now it’s migrating to much more opportunities. So the defined contribution savers will have now an option. They can take and withdraw beyond the 25% tax-free lump sum. So we believe, this is a big opportunity for us, yeah. so especially, in light of how we think about investment outcomes and solutions. I mean retirement is something that we are spending a great deal of time trying to help savers and potential retirees in thinking about longevity and how their solutions are going to have to be more weighted towards equities, less annuitized products. Historically, as you suggested Ken, annuitized products were the prime driver of this, and if you are going to be living a long time, earning 2% on an annuitized product for 3% you’re just going to have to be saving a lot more money to earn the necessary pool of money you want. This is what we’re rolling out, we rolled out CoRI overseas in the UK, we’re going to continue to roll out our investment type of products to provide what I would say that solution based strategy. So we’re encouraged, we think we’re well positioned for these changes, and as you suggested, hopefully, we’re in a good position to take share.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Craig.
Craig W. Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hey, Larry. Good morning, guys. First, just on Target date, can you talk about how the longer-term themes of open architecture and the adoption of passes are really progressing really both in the Target date funds in the U.S.? And I’m really thinking your perspective here from both your LifePath and your GlidePath products.
Laurence D. Fink: Rob, you want to answer that.
Robert S. Kapito: Yes, I mean, look, it is the same trend on retirement. People have not saved enough for retirement and they have lived through too much volatility in both the equity and fixed income markets. So they are looking for an alternative for someone to manage the asset allocation and the process throughout their lifetime. So to us, the opportunity is to develop the tools to the technology and one that we have is called the CoRI Index, Cost of Retirement Index, of which we can manage through target date funds and LifePath funds, a better way to do the asset allocation as a person gets closer to retirement. Do you think there is going to be incredible opportunities for us in this way because the advice and asset allocation is something that we specialize in? The models that we have specifically target retirees and manage this process throughout their life. And it’s something where we see a lot of the sponsors are moving towards and, as Larry mentioned, a lot of DB and DC plans changing that have someone else to manage this asset allocation throughout their life.
 :
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Dan.
Daniel T. Fannon – Jefferies LLC: Hi, I just want to talk about fixed income. I mean, can you talk about the momentum you are seeing particularly on the institutional side? Performance was flagged as improving. I just want to talk about just kind of client dialogue, kind of outlook for growth and how that compares to in the recent periods.
Laurence D. Fink: Well, having 90% of our fixed income products above their benchmarks for three years, having a lot of products that are in the top decile, if there is a conversation to be had firms are going to be talked, assess what are the possibilities? That puts us into a very good position. We’re seeing very mix types of conversation across board, we continue to see large-scale pension funds derisking as they’ve taken profits in equities, we’re seeing a lot of pension funds looking now towards looking now towards some form of immunization as they get closer to their liability or even in some cases above their liability are using bonds as a vehicle. But probably the most important key for us is our fixed income platform is more than just one product. It’s across the board where we are seeing increased activities. We are in more dialogue today than we have ever have been in fixed income, in terms of new flows. In the unconstrained area we’re just beginning to see public pension plans, migrate out of index based products into unconstrained products. So we are in some very large dialogues at this moment, we do believe one or two conversations constitute some large wins in the third quarter. We continue to be in deep dialogue with many clients related to credit, and high yield and whether it’s an insurance company who is looking and in need of some form of income to us, to assess their annuity liabilities. And we’re still seeing a large scale international investors are looking to continue to invest in dollar-based assets and expressing those investments in the form of fixed income. And so across the board we are seeing heightened interest in fixed income, even in the low interest rate environment. As I said, some of it is because they’re de-risking in equities, but some of it is because they’re seeing increased activity in their own business, like an insurance company. But I would say overall, probably overall theme I can say related to BlackRock’s future and future activities in fixed income, having the performance that we have across our platform for our platform for five years, for three years, for one year is giving us a position where we are in dialogue with many clients worldwide.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Mc Hawken – UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Laurence D. Fink: Good morning.
Brennan Mc Hawken – UBS Securities LLC:
 :
Laurence D. Fink: Rob?
Robert S. Kapito: I don’t know, we are willing to breakdown what is coming from one place for another. But I can also tell you that the growth that we expected is probably twice what we had anticipated.
Brennan Mc Hawken – UBS Securities LLC: For core series.
Robert S. Kapito: For a core series. And we have high aspirations for this, because there is a segment of the market that is really not looking for the liquidity, they’re looking for the buy-and-hold. And this is a particular segment of that Fidelity actually addresses, so we have expectations of future growth for that, but we don’t rely especially in that just upon one distribution segment, there are other distribution segments that also cater to the buy-and-hold segment. That being said, there is – the other segment, which is the institutional or the trading segment, they are looking more at the liquidity of this and the access for asset allocation in their portfolios. So what we are trying to do is have products to appeal to the right segments and we'll price those appropriately and make sure the performance of those is appropriate for those particular targets.
Laurence D. Fink: I would just say also we are benefiting tremendously this year from the, and Rob said it earlier from the integration of two sales forces. And so, you asked a question related to fidelity, but we’re seeing in large activities across all the independent channels from all the major distributors, and so, I would say it’s pretty broad based, but our relationship with Fidelity is strong, growing and it’s a very good partnership.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Laurence D. Fink: Hey, Michael.
Michael R. Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, Larry. Larry, just a question. If I look at the growth that you guys have generated in iShares and on the retail side, it’s been very consistent on retail, big improvement over the past couple years. And on the institutional side, I feel like you guys have the relationships. When I look at the solution products, the alternatives, it seems like the product offering is there, but the flows just aren’t as strong as on the other channel. So is it an allocation problem? I know you mentioned some on the performance side, whether it is active equity or the (indiscernible) is just not there. But just from an outlook standpoint, do you guys feel like things are in place. so over the next two years that we kind of see the same trend that we saw on the retail side, or is there something else that’s somewhat of a hindrance there?
Laurence D. Fink: You are right in suggesting – in terms of iShares, our rolling 12 months were growing 10%; in retail, our rolling 12 months is about 13% growth, and our rolling 12 months in institutional is flat. And so those are actual facts. What we’re witnessing in institutional though, and if you look at our revenues are growing faster than our AUM, we are seeing a mix change. We’re growing more in alts, which is lower AUM, higher fees. And importantly, we have seen some large scale clients derisking in equities, saying going into cash. A lot of that was international and so the net result is a flat type of growth rate over the last 12 months. I’ll be bold enough to say we believe we are well-positioned in institutional and that we are going to see opportunity for growth in institutional. Whether it is in fixed income, as I said earlier about all the unconstrained conversations we’re having with large pension plans in the fixed income space, we continue to be driving more opportunities in alternatives, and I hope I can comment in the future that we’re going to continue – we’re going to start seeing opportunities in their model based equity business, because we’ve had exceptional return. But we also have opportunities in the official institution business and corporate, in the DC plans and in the financial institution group. So among those different areas, we are in more dialogue today than we have been. But I am disappointed in the net results of AUM, and I’m not upset at the revenue growth that we’re seeing in the institutional side.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris M. Harris – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Hey, guys. So just a quick follow-up on fixed income. You guys and others in the industry, clearly benefiting from growth in unconstrained and you’ve highlighted that. I’m kind of curious if you guys think investors understand, or fully understand the risks of these funds and then maybe how sticky do you think these assets will be if things get a little bit more volatile in the market?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, as things get more volatile, in other words, if you have more volatility, which probably means higher interest rates, you’re going to be happier in an unconstrained product versus an intermediate duration target like a core product. So that is what clients are looking for. so they don’t have a tethering to a benchmark that has no connection to their liability. And that is one of the big issues that’s confronting a lot of investors. Investors are worried about those are in fixed income and if they are not in fixed income for immunization purposes, they are worried about the eventuality of higher rates. We are seeing growth in our global long/short credit products, which have zero duration. So do I think clients understand what they’re getting into one 100%, clients were looking to immunize, they are looking for as long a duration as they possibly can have. So we’re not going worse –we should be clear – we’re seeing movement across fixed income, we’re seeing some people who are worried about being tethered to a benchmark that has no connection to a liability. They are either looking more towards liability matching in fixed income, or they’re seeing a movement towards unconstrained. We’re seeing some clients who remain steadfast in credit and are looking to add to credit whether it is in the form of a CLO or in the form of high yield. There is not one single behavior but you’d ask me specifically related unconstrained, I believe our investors are investing in unconstrained for a reason, for a purpose. And the dialogues that we’ve had with clients year-to-date, validate my view that they understand what they’re doing related to the associated risk and the volatility that you discussed, I think, would be attached the higher rates. And that is one of the reasons why people are looking to unconstrained. So obviously, they have to perform in that environment, and they’re going to perform much better than a tethered core product that’s tethered to a four or five-year duration.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached the allotted time for question. Mr. Fink, if you have any closing remarks.
Laurence D. Fink: No, I hope everyone has a decent summer. Hopefully, the volatility doesn't begin this summer, so we can take this summer. I just want to thank all our shareholders for your interest in our company. And I would like to thank the employees of BlackRock for a good quarter. Have a good quarter. Thanks everyone.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laurence Fink - Chairman & CEO Gary Shedlin - CFO Robert Kapito - President Matthew Mallow - General Counsel
Analysts: Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Robert Lee - KBW Matthew Kelly - Morgan Stanley Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Michael Carrier - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carmen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2014 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew Mallow: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. Before Larry, Gary, and Rob make their remarks, let me remind you that during the course of this call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results will of course or may of course differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. And as we usually warn you, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, let the call begin.
Gary Shedlin: Thank you, Matt, and good morning everyone. It's my pleasure to be here to present the results for the first quarter of 2014. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly financial performance and business results, and as usual I will be focusing primarily on as adjusted results. BlackRock delivered first quarter earnings per share of $4.43, up 21% compared to 2013. Operating income was $1.1 billion, 15% higher than a year ago, reflecting continued revenue growth and a decline in G&A expense. First quarter non-operating results reflected $69 million increase in the market value of our seed and co-investments, which were impacted by the monetization of a non-strategic opportunistic private equity investment. The first quarter as adjusted tax rate was 30% and we continue to believe this remains appropriate planning assumption for 2014. Underpinning our results was continued organic growth despite volatile market conditions in the first quarter. We saw $27 billion of long-term net new flows, representing an annualized organic growth rate of approximately 3% with organic revenue growth once again outpacing organic asset growth notwithstanding the volatility which impacted our shares during the quarter. Our highly diversified multi-client platform generated more than $5 billion of net flows across each of our Retail, iShares, and Institutional businesses. First quarter revenues were $2.7 billion, up $221 million or 9% from a year ago, and were driven by continued growth in base fees, performance fees, and revenues from BlackRock Solutions. We once again experienced year-over-year base fee growth across all long-dated asset classes. Base fees increased to $162 million or 8% from a year ago as average assets on our management increased as a function of organic growth, market appreciation, and the acquisitions of the Crédit Suisse ETF and MGPA real estate businesses. Base fees were roughly flat compared to the fourth quarter and part due to change in our AUM mix, which was impacted by relatively weaker data in markets with higher fee products and a lower day count in the first quarter. Performance fees for the quarter increased $50 million from a year ago, primarily due to a performance fee associated with a planned final liquidation of the opportunistic 2007 vintage closed-end mortgage fund that was partially liquidated in the fourth quarter. This fund now holds only a residual balance with limited additional performance potential. BlackRock Solutions revenues of $154 million were up 22% year-over-year and were roughly flat compared to the fourth quarter. Our Aladdin business, which represents 71% of BlackRock Solutions revenue in the quarter, was up 10% year-over-year. Sequential results were once again impacted by the timing and recognition of certain revenues as we continue to onboard a number of very large clients on to the Aladdin platform. Our Financial Markets Advisory or FMA group continues to post strong revenues. Now this quarter reflected a higher level of revenue associated with asset disposition assignments in prior quarters, the FMA group continues to develop a more institutionalized advisory model with a focus on helping clients navigate and implement requirements for the changing regulatory environment. Expenses for the first quarter rose $80 million year-over-year, driven primarily by increases in revenue-related items including compensation and direct fund expense, partially offset by a decline in G&A expense. Compensation expense increased from a year ago broadly in line with growth in the overall business. As we have previously noted, the first quarter adjusted compensation to revenue ratio generally runs higher than the full year due to the seasonality of payroll taxes, which increased year-over-year due to appreciation of BlackRock's share price.
 : Our G&A expense in the first quarter also benefited from a delay in the timing of certain expense items, including marketing and promotional spend which will be incurred throughout the remainder of 2014.
 : We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value by reinvesting in our business and returning excess cash to shareholders through a consistent and systematic capital management policy. As previously discussed, we announced a 15% increase in our quarterly dividend to $1.93 per share of common stock. We also repurchased an additional $250 million worth of shares during the first quarter and are committed to maintaining a steady level of repurchases during 2014. BlackRock's financial results reflect the breadth and depth of our investment and distribution platforms. Our first quarter results reflect continued focus on key strategic themes including income, outcomes, alternative, and strategic data, as clients look to both active and passive vehicles to meet their evolving long-term investment needs. We continue to see strong growth in global retail. Retail long-term net flows were $14 billion for the quarter, representing 11% annualized organic growth rate and were positive across all asset classes. International retail once again demonstrated strong results generating long-term net inflows of $9.8 billion representing a 25% annualized organic growth rate. Equity flows of $4 billion were led by our top performing European equity suite, while fixed income net inflows of $2.5 billion were driven by demand for our short duration, unconstrained and high yield bond products. Multi-asset net inflows of $2.7 billion reflect the continuing momentum in our global allocation fund, a key component of our bundled outcome oriented family of products. U.S. Retail's quarterly long-term net inflows of $4.2 billion, representing annualized organic growth of 5%, were led by fixed income's continued success in our duration managed product suite. We also saw accelerated interest across our diversified retail alternative platform with $1.5 billion of net inflows. Importantly, our global long/short equity fund, managed by our SAE team saw accelerated flows in the quarter with each of global long/short equity and global long/short credit attracting more than $700 million in net new assets during the quarter. Global iShares generated $7.8 billion of net new business in the quarter driven by fixed income flows. In the face of market volatility iShares continued to deliver the efficiency, liquidity, and performance our clients expect from the leading global ETF provider. In total, iShares equity flows for the quarter generated nearly $1 billion in net new assets, which flows into developed markets more than offsetting outflows of nearly $8 billion from EEM, our flagship for emerging markets ETF. In recent weeks, however, we have witnessed a change in emerging market sentiment and flows have reversed with approximately $4 billion coming into EEM since quarter-end. The global ETF industry experienced strong fixed income flows during the quarter and iShares was well-positioned to capitalize on investor demand with a diverse suite of offerings across duration and style. For the quarter, we captured the number one global market share of industry fixed income ETF flows generating approximately $6.6 billion in net new assets, including $4.6 billion from Europe. Our institutional business generated $5 billion in net long-term inflows for the quarter. Strong passive net inflows is $17.6 billion were partially offset by active net outflows of $12.6 billion. Overall results were characterized by a number of sizeable client inflows and outflows driven by a variety of factors. Within passive, we saw both rerisking and increased usage of Liability Driven Investing or LBI as clients rebalanced their pension plan taking advantage of strong equity markets and improved funding ratios. As markets and interest rates continue to rise, we expect to see more of this type of immunization activity. That said we also saw the redemption of single large LBI assignment in connection with the annuitization of a client's pension obligation. Active outflows were driven by several factors including corporate events and legacy performance issues. Active fixed income flows were impacted by a single $6 billion outflow driven by the acquisition of the client by an entity affiliated with a competing asset manager. Fundamental equity flows were negatively impacted by a large subadvisor redemption, which was linked to legacy under-performance. Finally despite continued strong overall performance we also experienced outflows of approximately $4 billion in SAE, including a significant client redemption that we were able to leverage the breadth of our platform to capture a larger passive mandate from the same client. Larry will discuss performance in more detail but we believe that our current investment performance in both active fixed income and equities is strong and competitively well-positioned. During the quarter, we also saw continued growth in targeted institutional sub-segments including the client contribution where we generated more than $8 billion of net inflows with particular strength coming from our LifePath, target based suite and passive equity offerings. In institutional alternatives, net inflows into hedge funded funds were offset by capital return and other liquid products. However, strong fundraising continued in illiquid alternatives with more than $1 billion in commitments raised for the fifth consecutive quarter. Across retail and institutional clients, we saw almost $2 billion of core alternative flows during the first quarter, the highest category flows we have seen four years. Overall, the quarter again demonstrated the consistency and stability by our diverse platform and we continue to believe that we are well-positioned for the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. While the first quarter marked the fifth straight quarterly rise for the S&P 500, equity markets experienced significant intra quarter volatility. Central Bank policy continued to be a key focus area. Global economic indicators fluctuated relative to expectations and the market attempted to digest heightened geopolitical concerns, all of which impacted asset prices. Volatility continued in early April as valuation concerns and short-term de-risking drove the worst week for domestic equity market since 2012. And I expect this type of volatility is likely to impact markets for the remainder of the year. The industry has seen positive mutual fund flow throughout this latest market setback. That's a good sign that long-term investors are actively engaged helping to offset hedge fund deleveraging. In the midst of these challenges BlackRock clients' goals remain consistent focused on investing to improve their financial futures. More than ever our clients, both institutional and individuals need to think beyond the next new cycle and the next quarter to meet their long-term investment objectives. BlackRock's focus on long-term strategic themes, like outcome-oriented investing, retirement and longevity allows us to have a differentiated conversation with our clients and to provide them with the advice they need to meet their long-term goals. Our client dialogue is enhanced by our ability to integrate technology and risk management into our investment approach and harness our collective intelligence across the entire firm. BlackRock attracted $27 billion in long-term net new flows in the first quarter, which again reflects the diversity and breadth of our business with positive contributions coming from all client types, all asset classes, and all regions. We have more products on more buy list than ever before. The level of RFPs we're involved in and the level of client interest across our platform from active and passive and increasingly in alternatives continues to rise, and we're seeing momentum in important long-term asset classes like infrastructure where investments we've made on our platform are beginning to pay dividends. My focus and the focus of BlackRock's leadership is on capitalizing the opportunities we see to deliver the solutions our clients need. We recognize these opportunities must start with a strong investment performance and performance is at the foundation of the BlackRock culture. We structured our business to give portfolio managers the technology, the risk management tool, and a forum of information sharing, and at the end giving them autonomy to promote the superior investment performance that our clients expect. One significant differentiator for BlackRock is BII or the BlackRock Investment Institute. By bringing together our investment professionals to daily meetings, topical investment forums, and knowledge sharing events, BII heightened the best ideas from our top investors and shared some of the most interesting solutions with our clients. We're focused on fostering in an environment of information sharing to benefit our portfolio managers while which would ultimately enhance performance for our clients. We are benefiting from that enhanced performance across our fixed income business where 89% of our active fixed income AUM is above benchmarker peer medium for three years. We are also seeing strong performance in many areas of alternatives, multi-asset and equities, including European and Asian equities, and we fully expect the same from our new equity teams in the U.S. We talked at length about the work we've done to address performance issues in our U.S. equity business. This quarter, we saw $4 billion of outflows related to a legacy performance in that business primarily driven by a loss of a very large subadvisory assignment. We recognize that our fundamental equity performance was not in line with our clients' expectations; it required a significant investment and talent. We made these investments and we remain encouraged by the performance of our new teams. Since the new teams joined BlackRock over the past two years, our U.S. basic value improved from the 51st percentile to the 7th percentile, our large cap core from the 76th percentile to the 16th percentile, and our large cap value from the 97th percentile to the 37th percentile. These are the trends that we continue to expect and through these trends we expect to see investors asking BlackRock about what we could do for them in active U.S. equities. As we know from our experience in restructuring our active fixed income business several years ago, the process is costly and it takes time to build long-term scalable track records. The results we are seeing today in terms of fixed income performance inflows highlights the reward from successfully executing on this type of overhaul. BlackRock is committed to bring in the top-tier alpha producers and we are confident that the moves we made in our active U.S. equity business will position ourselves to achieve that goal. Fixed income represents a meaningful opportunity for BlackRock. The fixed income ecosystem is going through significant changes. The industry is witnessing a heightened period of client interest and on all fronts BlackRock is positioned to win. The competitive landscape in fixed income is evolving, which highlights the importance of strong performance. As we start to see a shift in the performance paradigm among industry leaders BlackRock has the product and the investment performance in place to attract flows from both retail and institutional clients. As we've discussed on prior calls, the industry has experienced a shift from traditional, long duration fixed income to more flexible, unconstrained products as clients access the risk of duration they have under portfolios. This theme drove a substantial portion of double-digit organic growth we saw in our global retail business. International retail, we saw growing momentum in our unconstrained fixed income global opportunity fund which raised over $900 million during the quarter. And in the U.S., our flagship strategic income opportunities fund continue to generate strong investor demand with $2.7 billion of flow in the quarter. SIO has generated $10 billion of flows in the last five quarters and now stands at early $14 billion of AUM. What began as a retail theme early last year is now resonating with institutional and defined contribution clients as well. We invested nearly $1 billion in SIO during the last quarter. Fixed income demand on the institutional side is also been driven by early signs of pension plans taking advantage of improved funding ratios to rebalance and immunize portfolios, and BlackRock experienced strong LVI flow this quarter as a result. Clients are also increasingly looking to ETFs to manage their fixed income portfolios. A Greenwich Associates report on the institutional use of fixed income ETFs found that one of five non-users plan to start investing in fixed income ETFs in the coming year, while two-thirds of existing users have increased their usage since 2011. Survey respondents named iShares as their preferred provider of fixed income ETFs with pricing, the liquidity and breadth our product offering their top considerations. Fixed income is a growth business for BlackRock and it has our largest flow category in the first quarter. The breadth of our product offerings and performance meaningfully in excess of our key competitor positions us well for the continuing rotation within fixed income and to gain market share as the landscape continues to evolve. Our platform breadth and diversity of our deep relations with clients are also a differentiator for BlackRock. Gary spoke about some of the large flows we saw in institutional business this quarter and BlackRock's ability to bring a variety of products and service oriented solutions to clients often position us to recapture what would otherwise be lost opportunities. In the case of one pension risk transfer to an insurance provider, although mandates moved away from BlackRock due to successful execution of an LDI mandate, we want a BlackRock Solution assignment to perform monitoring and valuation on that same asset pool. The service transition was made possibly by our existing relationships, our strong management capabilities and risk management capabilities and reputation, which includes providing Aladdin or Aladdin risk support services to 12 of the top 35 insurance providers globally. As a fiduciary it is critical that BlackRock not only provides the investment performance and solutions our clients need but also to take a leadership role in advocating for the best interest and those are the broader markets and the economy. That's why last month I sent a letter to CEOs of every company in the S&P 500 urging them to focus on the long-term to make investments in their businesses that will create opportunities and drive future growth. BlackRock believes it is our responsibility and obligation to maximize the value of the assets our clients entrusted us, and that prudent management practices and strong leadership by boards of directors promoting company's long-term successes and to lead a better risk adjusted return for investors. BlackRock is also working actively with regulator to help build constructive solutions that improve the financial ecosystem for all investors. We recently submitted a letter, comment letter to the Financial Stability Board to address concern over the impact asset managers might have on market stability. While we share the FSB's desire for a safer market environment, and we agree with our focus on products rather than firms, we argue that leverage rather than size should be the primary stream when determining the appropriate level of regulatory scrutiny. We will continue to engage with regulators and policy makers that help insure that regulation is appropriately focused on where risk may exist at the product and at the product level and the practice level. Looking forward, we remained committed to partnering with our clients around the world to deliver them all that BlackRock has to offer. Last week, we hosted our Institutional Client Conference where we spoke with more than 100 clients on paving new pass to achieve outcomes for those who entrust us with our assets. On June 17th, we will be hosting our second Investor Day to discuss key drivers of future growth for BlackRock. I'd like to close by taking a minute to talk about BlackRock's focus on our talent. Talent is something we as a management team and our board of directors review continuously in order to build a deep bench of senior executives. We view setting high standards for talent as a core responsibility to best serve our clients and investors. We are excited to have a variety of senior leaders stepping into new roles and to welcome a number of senior hires to BlackRock. Those new hires include Salim Ramji, who was a senior partner in McKinsey & Company, will be joining the firm later this month as our new Global Head of Corporate Strategy. Chris Jones will be joining BlackRock as our Chief Investment Officer and Head of Fundamental Equities for the Americas and Co-Head of our Global Fundamental Equity team. And Helen Zhu recently joined to help BlackRock in our Chinese Equity business. Our talent strategy reflects a focus effort we have taken to develop our people and enhance our culture. We are committed to rotating leaders into roles that present them with new challenges, driving their responsibilities, and maximizing their impact on the firm. These efforts to develop and invest in top-tier talent will serve to drive BlackRock's long-term growth and to enhance both the experiences of our clients and the value it deliver to shareholders. As always, I want to thank our employees for a dedicated service this quarter in helping our clients to build better financial futures. With that, I will open up it for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: First, I would like to see if you could talk about the level and the outlook for institutional fixed income investment dollars in motion. You called that in the press release the shift towards unconstrained and you talked in the call about short-term strategies, but taking this from another angle would you expect the amount of money in motion to increase further given the high profile performance and management stability issues at PIMCO and to what extent has this already started and, based on your past experience, what kind of scale of opportunity is there here?
Laurence Fink: I don't ever comment on our competitors. PIMCO is a fabulous investment firm so and Bill Gross has been a friend of mine for over 40 years, not that quite long about 38 years so. We're in a great position; we're seeing increasingly more dialogue from institutional clients than we've seen before. We began to see accelerated inflows on the retail side but now we are in more dialogue with more consulting firms, advisory firms to pension fund. So corporations are looking at how they should look at fixed income. Some of it is -- some of the movement is towards unconstrained into like SIO products. And let me just speak about BlackRock and reiterate having close to 90% of our products above their benchmark and some of them are in -- and many of them are in the top quartile now is a reason why people are coming to BlackRock both institutionally and retail. Where we are beginning to see some increased dialogues though, Ken, is in defined contribution side where this is an area where we had very little penetration on the fixed income side, we had large penetration on the index equity side. So we are now enjoying more flows retail and institutional and in all components of institutional, and I believe we will begin in the second and third quarters to see an acceleration in terms of money in motion as you called it in the fixed income universe.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: All right. Thank you. And then to follow-up, can you talk about the performance of the core alternative strategies so far this year? We're seeing some hedge fund strategies suffering pretty weak absolute returns earlier in this year and I'm interested to hear how your various strategies are performing and maybe which areas are performing better and which areas are performing worse?
Gary Shedlin: Well, you're correct in saying there some hedge funds that have done very poorly and that was heavily oriented towards the macro strategies. Our macro strategy hedge fund has relatively poor performance. However, our single hedge fund strategies or fixed income hedge fund strategies have all done quite well, and in fact we took advantage of some of the pain within the marketplace over the last two months. I would say overall we performed very strongly in our hedge fund strategies. Our multi -- our long/short equity or long/short fixed income hedge funds where we're seeing some very large flows both retail and institutional we had good performance. So we continue to see acceleration in conversations in the alternative space too. Two areas that I would like to highlight on the outside where we're beginning to have a total change in dialogue one is our real estate area where we have had performance issues out five years ago. And we have changes of leadership there, we did the acquisition of our teams and we are now in more dialogues on real estate than we had been in many, many years and infrastructure. Infrastructure we brought along a team over three years ago and we are now starting to see accelerating flows into our infrastructure alternative area. We're about $2 billion and I expect to see a doubling of flows over the next 12 months to 24 months in our infrastructure area. This is an area that I think is going to, we're going to have to continue to do invest in. As we think about the world going forward, there is a greater and greater need for infrastructure in the developing world, in the developed world and most certainly in the U.S., and we believe this is a great asset category for many of our investors. And so we look at this as an area of extreme growth.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Just want to circle back on institutional fixed income specifically LDI. I thought it was interesting that the mandate wins here seems to be really concentrated in passive and not active. So first, do you think we need higher rates for this rate to really accelerate? And then, will these wins you think reside mostly in a passive business or a mix between active and passive?
Laurence Fink: Well LDI is a means in which you're trying to minimize risk and I do believe because of the growth in passive fixed income strategies in the ETF area and in obviously in the index side it's a great product for moving into LDI. So I would say there would be a higher propensity for investors seeking passive strategies and active strategies for LDI. But I think you're going to see in some care areas a growth of may be the unconstrained product areas into LDI also as a way of having a diversification in terms of fixed income strategies. But you should assume when people go to an LDI strategy they're essentially de-risking and a component of that de-risking is staying pretty current on to an index and this is why you're seeing a higher propensity to go into passive strategies.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Thanks, and just my follow-up here on the illiquid alt business which is mostly a retail phenomenon. Which specific types of platforms and investor basis are really demanding these products and I'm really thinking about what your long/short credit and long/short equity fund?
Laurence Fink: I'll let Rob talk about that.
Robert Kapito: So the retail base is thirsty for alternatives, and so long/short credit and long/short equity but both global are important for the retail base. And we've launched since 2011 six '40 act alternative products; they continue to raise money. In the first quarter alone it was $1.4 billion, and that's driven as I mentioned by the long/short credit, which has had very good performance as well as the global long/short equity funds, and each of those has raised over $700 million putting them in the selling fund. So it's really a retail thirst and of course that's coming from what else is available to them which is low rates on the fixed income side, and sometimes using dividend fund as a surrogate. So they need that double-digit returns and that's where we're seeing the interest from.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - KBW: First question is on just about a year-and-a-half I mean two years ago you made a move to combine the ETF and the retail distribution force. Just curious if there any way of quantifying or color you could give on what impact you may be seeing that has in terms of hoping to drive ETF flows and you like you're still at the early stages of that or is that kind of been helpful run rate so to speak?
Laurence Fink: So we are still at the earlier stages in that and what it gives us the ability to do is have more holistic conversations with our clients because clients own both passive and active whether they describe that an index funds, ETFs, or active portfolios. So most clients have been focused more on asset allocation and this way having people I can talk both sides of that conversation really resonates with them creating portfolios that are much more sticky going forward or that when there's an asset allocation they will asset allocate within BlackRock because we can offer the whole slate of products. It has taken a while to get that underway because it requires a significant amount of training combining the sales force to have that and also to, in a sense, upgrade our sales force to be able to talk more holistically. So while we've seen success it's still in the early stages and we expect more to come on that.
Robert Lee - KBW: And maybe as a follow-up you've had really strong retail organic growth outside the U.S. Maybe give a little bit color on maybe by geographic region or country kind of where you're seeing that and kind of if there is any specific markets that I believe or by -- I know there's the odd equity business I guess in the UK, but any color there would be helpful?
Laurence Fink: Rob, it's been very broad based, it's been so gratifying. It's throughout EMEA and Latin America actually. Areas of great growth have been really, I would say the core of Europe, Italy, Germany, Switzerland where we saw very good flows. So it just continues to dominate, and then even in Asia I don't know retail flows about $2 billion came from different countries in Asia. So it speaks very broadly about our global footprint and our growing brand recognition in PacAm, in Europe and in Asia and we continue to drive a strong position as an independent asset management platform working with our distribution partners worldwide. But also let me -- also say what is a key driver to the success is the expansion of high performing products whether it's our performance in fixed income, our performance in European equities, active equities where we're in the top decile for five years, and our growing success in Asian equities where we have Andrew Swan now with about two-and-a-half years under his belt at BlackRock with exceptional performance. So it is about our positioning worldwide globally, but it also the underlying component of that success is a growing success in our active product suite.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Kelly with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelly - Morgan Stanley: First, I wanted to just touch on the ETF landscape and there's been a lot of activity both iShares and in competitor. So I'd just be curious how active we should expect you to be on the new product launch perspective and where your efforts are focused both by product and region, and where you've seen the most interest from some of your competitors? And maybe that's a better question for Rob, either of you.
Laurence Fink: Yes, let me just give you a macro view and let Rob get into the granularity of products. But if you look at -- we had real large movements within the ETF space. In the first few weeks of January, we had up to $8 billion of outflows in EM, which was pretty disconcerting. Since that we had $4 billion of inflows. But importantly, since quarter-end, which is all public, so I can talk about it, we've had $10 billion in net inflows in our iShares products. So year-to-date we're over $17 billion of net flows. At quarter-end we were approximately $7.5 billion, so huge change in momentum. And so getting into the both the competitive landscape change, generally when you have more I would say more of an international flavor of investing we benefit, when it's more of a domestic flavor some of our competitors benefit. But I would tell you we're in a very good position to remain a leader in the ETF business in 2014. Rob, why don't you go talk about some of the products that we're launching and we're proposing and…
Robert Kapito: So we focus on what our clients' needs are the changing landscape in the markets. So we have eight new products already this year. And we're currency hedged to our enhanced international equity products and the other are fixed income. Obviously, there was a very big demand for short duration due to the fact that people -- most people thing that interest rates at some point have a higher probability of rising and there has also been a lot of interest in the municipal area. So we're going to be very opportunistic, we're going to follow the lead of our clients. And in some cases we're going to grow market share and in some cases we're going to take market share where we may have been late to the gain but we see an opportunity and people respect the brand, our ability to have the best tracking errors and liquidity in the marketplace. So we're going to go out in both of those. But we're going to continue to be -- have our nose close to the marketplace. And we will be very active in new products that we believe that we can have scale.
Matthew Kelly - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then my follow-up is, I'd just curious to get your thoughts as a management team on the recent changes in the UK budget and impact on pension markets over there and where you're kind of -- where that -- where BlackRock is positioned to potentially benefit from any of those changes that they can throw?
Robert Kapito: Well, I'm glad you asked that because this is a huge opportunity for us and we spend a lot of time and effort developing our retirement products around the world and I think you heard Larry talk a lot about the need for retirement products. And what you're talking about is really the UK pension reform where there will be less money going into the annuity product and more money going into products that are created for retirement. And as you know you've heard us talk about our extensive U.S. DC experience with our LifePath products and our floating products. We estimate that this opportunity in the UK alone could be about $25 billion in assets that might have gone into annuities that now will be, as Gary likes to say, money in motion. So we intend to put a lot of effort on putting together more retirement products to capitalize in this market. And I think BlackRock is uniquely positioned because of our multi-asset strategies and our product development, specifically tailored to the retirement area of which almost two-thirds of our assets at BlackRock are retirement related.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris - Wells Fargo: So Michael Lewis caused quite a stir with his book that came out this month. And Larry, just wondering where you guys stand on the whole debate about market structure, whether you think the markets are rigged or whether you think regulators should be doing more to kind of level the playing field, if you will? And just kind of asking this question because giving your size and obviously you guys have a lot of influence as to how the market structure unfolds?
Laurence Fink: Well, we have invested tens and tens of million of dollars for making sure that the high frequency traders did not arbitrage us. We looked at it is a fiduciary responsibility making sure that we always provide our clients best execution. And we only do execution with the reputable counterparties and market venues. So this is something that we've been focused on for years. Obviously, it's a piece of -- it's a book that quits, obviously greater public awareness and we think there should be greater public awareness on these activity. But this is something we've been focused on for years, it is not -- our behavior has been consistent that our job as a fiduciary and get the best execution. We believe that market structure should always be there to be protecting investors. We believe in the concept of equal access of information. We believe in the concept of simplification of order types and message orders. So this is something we've been living with it may be in the public purview but this has been as a component of the market for years and years and years and I think I spoke about this in the past few quarterly updates that we have been vigilant in making sure that we're building adequacy in terms of our trading platform that we are providing best execution for our clients. That's what I care about more than anything else that we are there making sure that with all of the new technologies that we are not been arbitraged or that we have more friction cost in our execution. Because of the high preponderance of our equity holdings or index, as you know, we have to be so mindful of friction related to trading. And so this is why we've been very aggressive making sure we have that we focus on best execution, and I think this is a story that should be discussed, but this is a story that we've been aware of for years and have addressed it internally in terms of our platform.
Chris Harris - Wells Fargo: Understood. Thank you very much for that. And just really quick follow-up on the business. You called out the performance of some of your newer team members and they're really having a very good impact, just kind of curious to get your thought, how long do you think it's going to take for the better performance to really start moving the needle on flows. Do you think it might take something like three years to really start getting a lot better or in your experiences could we start seeing a bigger opportunity?
Laurence Fink: I want to say bifurcated market. In alternatives you could have no track record and announce a strategy and if the strategy makes sense, we've seen this in the marketplace; people are able to raise money. So it really depends on the product itself as we are beginning to see some nice flows and certainly much more dialogue in our Asian equity platform where we have just under a three-year track record there. It takes more than a year for the key, I would say, on products like large cap core and large cap value and it may be three to four years -- two to three-year type of process. After three years, I think you then get on many buy lists across the board.
Robert Kapito: Some of these teams though actually that have joined the --
Laurence Fink: Have carried.
Robert Kapito: Have a following. So even though they didn't have a track record here, they are bringing with them track record. So we are now that they're onboard we're seeing those people be more willing to move now that they know they have settled in with us, so we will see some flows from there.
Laurence Fink: And that's the key if they continue to have the performance that they had at their prior place, we can benefit early. But in terms of our witnessing what happened in fixed income, in that case it was really more than a three-year process in which we needed to reprove ourselves because we had such a strong position in fixed income, we lost it, and it took three to four years of building that team back and building the performance back up. I don't think there is anyone straight line that's the way that we have review all the different products, it really depends on the circumstances around the team and the product itself.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Larry, can you talk about the growth of fixed income on constrained. It's interesting that you're now seeing I guess an institutional interest for SIO. Is that a trend, number one, the expected institutional interest will continue to drift towards on constrained you're seeing that may be with allocations? And then relatively are you concerned at all about capacity and maybe trading friction in fixed income as the quest for returns in yield, goes more sort of off index, if you will?
Laurence Fink: Unquestionably we are in more dialogues with more public and private institutional plans than ever before on the concept of some form of unconstrained. It may not just be SIO there are other products, we have FIGO, we have other types of products. So we are and we're looking at creating more unconstrained type of product, so it may not just being one. And we are beginning to see more interest on the defined contribution side for unconstrained. So I think this is going to accelerate in a very large way. Unquestionably anyone specific product like an SIO will have, see this could not be $100 billion fund, it was never designed to be something like that but do we have quite a bit of bandwidth and capacity for the near about future absolutely. And so we're not concerned about capacity at the moment in any one of our products. But it -- this is just beginning, this groundswell towards -- moving towards an unconstrained type of fixed income product. I think this will accelerate and I think it will become a very large -- well it is a very large component of our dialogue with institutions worldwide today. The -- what is second part of your question? Marc was that -- did I answer that?
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Just in terms of trading?
Laurence Fink: Oh, trading. Yes, friction cost. There is no question as balance sheets of the dealers are more contained you see wider spreads than fixed income. I don't think this is a long-term problem, it may be a short-term problem; it will move, it will create more movement towards exchange trading for fixed income. And I do believe this is one of the reasons why more interest in ETFs and fixed income. So you don't have to focus on a bond, you could focus on ETFs that have maturity or ETFs that are connected to benchmarks. And so this is one of the reason why we think fixed income ETFs will grow dramatically over the course of next two years. But there is no question, there is times of great illiquidity and fixed income as dealers have cut back their capital associated with fixed income. And at times it represents larger friction cost than other times, but I do believe that will create a faster evolution towards more exchange traded fixed income platforms.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - Bank of America: Gary, maybe a few number questions. So I think you mentioned and you saw it in the release just on G&A, there were some items that were real estate benefit. And then I think non-op gains were a bit elevated and then same thing with performance fees. So I guess any color around some of those lumpy items?
Gary Shedlin: Sure. So on the G&A expense, as we mentioned the current quarter reflects what we call a dilapidation reversal, which is a function of some building we have over in London that obviously artificially reduced expenses for the quarter. As we also mentioned, there were some lower expense due to timing of the spend; the most major component there is our MMP spend that we called out on a variety of quarters. The fourth quarter as you know was actually impacted in many cases by the opposites, we had higher MMP spending during time and we have some lease exit cost and a variety of other accruals. So I think if you listened carefully, which I'm sure you did, in the fourth quarter we tried to walk you through what portion of our fourth quarter G&A increase was kind of tied to our continued growth of the business and we really haven't changed our view on that at that moment. So I think that the type of analysis you guys generally did in the fourth quarter looking at the first quarter, we still standby. In the non-op side, you correctly mentioned that the non-op was driven by the monetization of the non-strategic opportunistic key investment that was really tied to some years ago where we had a little bit of different strategy around potentially growing our off business, which obviously has changed at the moment. And so I would say again there that the street generally was fairly consistent in terms of estimates of our non-op with the exception of that one-time item. And I think on performance fees we really talked about it. I mean, we mentioned in the fourth quarter this is really the final piece of that liquidation. And at the moment, we would expect that most of the performance fees to be generally recurring in nature tied to our core goals business.
Laurence Fink: But as you think about business, we are going to have return of capital, successful monetizations of these things, this is the normal course of business and also this is why we have to continue to have an engine of growth of new products and this is one of the key components of it.
Gary Shedlin: And in connection with that again another $1 billion of commitments that were in the quarter which takes that up for now five consecutive quarters. So keep in mind that those numbers are not hitting our net new business flows until the capital is actually deployed, and once that capital is deployed it then obviously becomes available both to generate performance fees in the future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Just thank you for your commitment in investing in BlackRock. As I said earlier, I think the quarter is an example of the diversification of our business model, of having a strong presence in active and passive and fixed income and equities and alternatives and it really shows up quite well in our first quarter. And probably the other two major point that I would like to lead everybody, during the course of the quarter as we had this extreme volatility and market movement, every day during the volatility we had consistent inflows, which leads me to say that much of the market movement was more of a hedge fund oriented fast money type of behavior, long-term investors were committed to putting money to work and we saw no change in investor behavior in the first quarter. Also as a statement towards -- as we look towards the second and third quarter, we have never been in more active dialogue with more clients, with more consultants, with more distribution partners about BlackRock products probably in our corporate history and hopefully we can show you at the end of the second quarter that those dialogues turn into commitments. Once again, thanks for all the support, and I want to thank all the employees for all the support. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Managing Director, and Member of Global Executive Committee Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert S. Kapito - President, Director, Chairman of Operations Committee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary Shedlin; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I'm Matt Mallow, the General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me remind you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may, of course, differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. And additionally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll get out of the way and let the call begin.
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to be here to present our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly and full year financials and discuss our fourth quarter business results. As usual, I will be focusing primarily on as adjusted results. Overall, 2013 was a strong year for BlackRock shareholders, clients and employees. And our solid fourth quarter results position us well going into 2014. BlackRock delivered fourth quarter earnings per share of $4.92 and operating income of $1.1 billion, up 24% and 10%, respectively, compared to 2012. Full year EPS of $16.58 was up 21% compared to 2012, reflecting operating income of $4 billion, which was 13% higher. Fourth quarter nonoperating results reflected a $61 million increase in the market value of our seed and co-investments, largely driven by continued appreciation of private equity, distressed credit and hedge fund-related investments. Our 26.5% as adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter benefited from several favorable non-recurring items. We continue to believe that 31% represents a reasonable long-term projected rate, so our actual 2014 tax rate may be closer to 30% as a consequence of additional non-recurring items, which may arise during the coming year. In the fourth quarter, we saw approximately $40 billion of long-term net new flows, representing an annualized organic growth rate of 4.3%. Total long-term net new business for 2013 was approximately $117 billion, representing a 3.4% organic growth rate. BlackRock continues to demonstrate the stability of its diversified multi-client platform with organic growth across each of our client businesses and solid growth from our Retail and iShares franchises. Fourth quarter revenues were $2.8 billion, up $238 million or 9% from a year ago, and were driven by strong growth in base fees, performance fees and revenues from BlackRock Solutions. Revenues for 2013 totaled $10.2 billion, up 9% versus 2012. We experienced year-over-year base fee growth across all long-dated asset classes. And base fees, performance fees and solutions revenues each reached record levels for the full year. Fourth quarter base fees rose 10% year-over-year, driven by a combination of market strength, organic growth and the acquisitions of the Crédit Suisse ETF and MGPA businesses, offset by continued pressure in securities lending spreads. Performance fees for the quarter were $268 million, up 12% from a year ago, reflecting very strong results across BlackRock's alternatives platform including our hedge fund of funds platform and a diverse set of single-strategy hedge funds. While last year's fourth quarter included a large onetime fee related to the wind down of the U.S. government PPIP portfolio, this quarter benefited from a similarly sized performance fee associated with an opportunistic 2007 vintage closed-end mortgage fund, which was partially liquidated in December. As we have previously indicated, the fourth quarter is generally our seasonally strongest performance fee generating quarter for the year. BlackRock Solutions revenues of $157 million were up 15% year-over-year and roughly flat to the third quarter. Our Aladdin business, which represents 73% of BRS revenue in the quarter, signed more than 15 new clients in 2013 including one of its largest ever and continues to benefit from trends favoring global investment platform consolidation and multi-asset risk solutions. Sequential results were impacted by the timing and recognition of certain fees and expenses. Our Financial Markets Advisory business, or FMA, signed more than 50 new assignments during the year and continues to post strong revenues even as the business transitions from a crisis management emphasis to a more institutionalized advisory business model with a strong focus on helping clients navigate and implement requirements for the new regulatory environment. The decline in fourth quarter other revenue was primarily driven by equity method earnings attributable to our ownership stake in PennyMac. Expenses for the fourth quarter rose $136 million year-over-year, driven primarily by revenue-related items including compensation and direct fund expense and increased levels of G&A expense. Our full year compensation to revenue ratio fell by 40 basis points in 2013 to 34.5%, primarily driven by the proactive reshaping of our employee base including geographic location and the impact of positive beta. Quarterly G&A expense rose $76 million sequentially and reflected a variety of factors, including increased marketing and promotion spend, ongoing and deal-related costs associated with acquisitions, relocation-driven occupancy and lease impairment charges, FX and other miscellaneous items. Excluding the timing impact of our marketing spend, approximately $15 million of this quarterly increase represents recurring expense associated with our continued growth. Notwithstanding the increased level of G&A in the fourth quarter, our operating margin was 42.7%, relatively flat with year-ago levels, and 41.4% for the full year 2013, representing 100-basis-point increase over 2012 levels. We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value with our first priority to invest in our business. In line with that strategy and as previously discussed, we completed the acquisition of MGPA on October 4, adding $11 billion in assets under management and extending BlackRock's real estate debt and equity investment capabilities to Asia Pacific and Europe. During 2013, we also returned approximately $2.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, representing a total payout ratio of 74%. Heading into 2014, we remain committed to our predictable and balanced approach to capital management while also being mindful of the uncertain regulatory environment in which we are operating. Consistent with this, our Board of Directors has delayed a quarterly cash dividend of $1.93 per share of common stock, representing an increase of 15% over the current level. Since instituting our dividend in September of 2003, BlackRock has increased the dividend in every year other than 2009 when it was unchanged. Over that time period, the dividend has grown at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 24%. We repurchased an additional $250 million worth of shares in the fourth quarter, bringing the total for the year to $1 billion, and are committed to maintaining a steady level of repurchases into 2014. Our strong financial results reflect the benefits of our improved investment performance, diverse platform and deep partnerships with our clients. We saw positive flows across all of our client businesses and regions with Retail and iShares continuing to drive growth. The breadth of BlackRock's platform was once again demonstrated by a record 12 Retail and iShares products, each generating more than $1 billion of net flows in the fourth quarter. We continue to see strong results in Retail with flows of $16.6 billion for the quarter, representing a 15% annualized organic growth rate. U.S. Retail's long-term net flows of $9.4 billion for the quarter drove annualized organic growth of 12%. Our unconstrained Strategic Income Opportunities fund, Global Long/Short Credit fund and Multi-Asset Income fund continue to drive growth, with each delivering more than $1 billion in flows during the quarter. Fixed income flows of $2.5 billion were driven by solid investment performance, product diversification and success in our duration managed product suite. International Retail saw long-term net flows of $7.2 billion for the quarter, representing an extremely strong annualized organic growth rate of 23%. Our European Equities suite continues to drive results with $2.9 billion of net new business during the quarter and $7.9 billion for the year, capturing 21% of category flows in 2013. We also saw demand for our solutions-oriented multi-asset product line led by our Global Allocation, Managed Volatility and Dynamic Asset Allocation products. As a result of the changing regulatory landscape in Europe and its impact on the existing retrocession distribution model, we are witnessing growing Retail demand for efficiently packaged passive investment vehicles and made a decision to strategically reposition certain index mutual fund ranges previously targeted towards Institutional investors. In line with this strategy, we have reclassified approximately $20 billion of AUM related to these fund ranges from our Institutional channel to our Retail channel. This reclassification is presented in the column titled Adjustments in the AUM tables contained in our earnings release. Global iShares once again led the industry with 27% market share of net flows in 2013. In the quarter, iShares raised $19.1 billion of net new business as equity inflows of $24.1 billion were partially offset by fixed income and commodities redemptions. Developed market equities attracted the majority of fourth quarter iShares flows, led by European and U.S. equity exposures, broad global funds and Japanese equities with modest outflows from emerging markets. EMEA iShares led regional flows with $22 billion for the year, driving organic growth of 16% in 2013 and were well diversified across equities and fixed income as we expanded our efforts to penetrate new client segments and markets. The iShares Core Series targeted to buy-and-hold investors attracted approximately $11 billion of net flows during the quarter and approximately $20 billion for the year. Buy-and-hold segment represents a strong growth opportunity and continues to be an area of strategic focus. Our Institutional business generated $4.8 billion of net long-term inflows in the fourth quarter, led by continued growth in defined contribution. Strong multi-asset inflows included $10.4 billion of assets related to 2 LifePath open-architecture mandates where we provide customized asset allocation glide paths, direct asset management and third-party manager selection. In connection with these new mandates, we reclassified approximately $6 billion of existing AUM from both indexed equity and indexed fixed income to active multi-asset to better reflect the overall nature of the mandate. This reclassification is also presented in the column titled Adjustments in the AUM tables contained in our earnings release. Active equity outflows were driven by fundamental equity outflows of $1.5 billion and were primarily related to our U.K. equities business. We are seeing tangible benefits from the ongoing rebuild of our U.S. active equity business as fourth quarter results included a $1.8 billion fundamental large cap growth sub-advisory funding. In alternatives, outflows were driven primarily by non-core active currency mandates and return of capital including the partial liquidation of the previously mentioned closed-end mortgage fund. However, we saw another strong quarter for our liquid alternatives, generating over $1 billion in commitments for the fourth consecutive quarter. During 2013, we secured $6 billion of total commitments, of which $5 billion have yet to be deployed. Our full year results reflect successful navigation of the shareholder value roadmap we outlined at our June Investor Day: generate organic growth, demonstrate operating leverage and consistently return capital to shareholders. Our diverse platform and strong performance track record position us well to continue our journey as we enter 2014. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. BlackRock has consistently advised our clients on the importance of making their money work for them. 2013 was another year that clearly highlighted the benefits of being fully invested and missed opportunities for more than $10 trillion of cash sitting on the sidelines. The S&P has more than doubled off of 2009 bottom. Certainly, generating outsized returns is going to be more challenging going forward. However, increased confidence in economic growth is providing support for asset prices, and I am constructive on equities for 2014. Same time, global political risk and market dependence on extraordinary monetary policy remains elevated, and policymakers and central bankers are going to have to get it right to keep the market even-keeled. In the U.S., political conditions appear to be improving on the margin, and markets are acting -- reacting positively to the Fed's tapering announcement last month. Globally, Europe is slowly recovering, and I want to emphasize slowly. Investors are hoping that Japan will continue executing on its plans and that the market is paying close attention to China with its own set of proposed reforms. Last year, we saw a huge divergence between developed markets and emerging market equities. And the performance diverged considerably, and most investors also lost money in bonds last year. Just being invested is not enough. Clients need to be properly positioned. At the core of BlackRock's value proposition for clients is our ability to constantly challenge ourselves and to evolve in the face of these changing market trends and client needs. The global diversified platform and strong alpha generation track record we built over the past 25 years at BlackRock positions us to provide the investment advice and solutions our clients need to meet their investment goals. BlackRock raised $117 billion of long-term net new flows in 2013, representing a 3.4 organic growth rate. Our client mix continues to shift towards higher fee Retail and iShares business, which accounted for 88% of our organic asset growth and a larger percentage of our organic revenue growth this year. This growth helped us fuel a 13% increase in operating income and a 21% increase in earnings per share versus 2012. And these results speak to the strength of our business model, which I've talked about every quarter, the differentiated business model. And I believe it is that business model that will continue to give us the potential to accelerate even from here. Over the course of the year, it was the collective strength of our platform across businesses, across regions, across asset classes that delivered for our clients and our shareholders. BlackRock's broad array of investment solutions drove growth in 2013 with 43 products raising more than $1 billion of net new flows versus 25 such products in 2012, highlighting our ability to meet the diverse needs of our clients. As we've discussed in previous calls, the investment landscape is moving away from traditional style boxes as clients focus on achieving outcomes rather than buying products. BlackRock has built a very strong foundation to be the leader in the solution and outcome space. In Global Retail, we are raising our profile through our branding efforts, evolving our product set in anticipation of changing market trends and deepening our distribution relationships with our distributing partners. BlackRock's clients are increasing their combined use of alpha and beta, including the broad-based adoption of passive products as building blocks, along with increasing standards for performance in a winner-take-all environment. And we are focused on retirement solutions and the importance of financial planning in the face of rising longevity. Over the past several quarters, we've discussed the growth opportunities in Global Retail, and that growth is materializing. We saw Retail long-term flows of $39 billion for the year leading to 10% organic growth, a significant increase compared to the 3% growth we saw in 2012. International Retail had a very strong year with net inflows of $18 billion in 2013, representing a 15% organic growth rate. Flows were positive across major regions and diversified across asset classes, highlighting the benefit of our platforms' breadth and our ability to transcend our business across region. Our top-performing BlackRock Equities franchise led the equity business with $8 billion of net flows this year. We also generated more than $4 billion of net flows in both fixed income and multi-asset class products and as investors turn to BlackRock to manage duration and volatility in their portfolios. BlackRock's U.S. Retail business saw $21 billion of net flows in 2013, growing organically at 7%. Income was a key theme for U.S. Retail in 2013. Investors continue to search for yield in a low-rate environment and did so with an eye on rising rates and a growing appreciation for the risk of rising rates. BlackRock's platform, our client dialogue, our marketing campaign, were aligned to take advantage, and we were proactive in educating our clients about the risk in their fixed income portfolios. Flows across the income theme in 2013 were led by our top-performing strategic income opportunity fund, which brought in $7 billion of flows this year. Our Global Long/Short Credit, our 0 duration liquid alternative product and our multi-asset income product each raised $4 billion in 2013 as investors looked for top-tier income solutions. BlackRock remains intensely focused on performance. Our strong fixed income performance drove the #1 industry ranking in U.S. Retail active fixed income flows for the year where we generated more than $9 billion of net inflows in a year when the industry saw outflows of $30 billion. These changes in investor preference for income go beyond Retail and drove a strong rotation within fixed income that we anticipated will continue. And already in 2014, we are seeing accelerated interest in this area. Unlike many of our peers, BlackRock saw fixed income inflows throughout the year in 2013, and we expect to see substantial money in motion within fixed income this year. And BlackRock's best-in-class 5-year performance track record across our bond platform puts us in a position to capture those flows. Our unconstrained bond solution SIO continues to generate strong interest from both Retail and now a much growing interest from our Institutional clients as investors reassess their duration risk and the maturity risk in their core bond portfolios. BlackRock's actively managed business is essential to our future growth as we look to generate alpha for our clients. If you look at our performance tables in our earnings release, you'll see the numbers are quite impressive. Taxable fixed income now has 87% of its assets above benchmark for the 3-year period, up more than 30 percentage points since 2010. Our scientific active equity team has 96% of our assets above the benchmark, almost 70 percentage points since 2010. Our Fundamental Active Equity numbers are improving but are still held down by our Equity Dividend Fund, which isn't really a benchmark-driven product. And if you strip that out, you'll see that more than 67% of our active equity funds are above the benchmark for a 3-year period. As noted before, we've made important changes to our Fundamental Active Equity teams in 2012 and '13 to ensure that BlackRock meets our clients' high performance standards, and we're beginning to see results with the 4 largest funds under new management showing material performance improvement since the new team joined BlackRock. Our basic value fund is more than 540 basis points above its benchmark and is in the fifth percentile. Our Large Cap Growth product has risen from the 75th percentile to the 30th percentile. And our Large Cap Value product has risen from the 97th percentile to the 35th. But active management isn't just about traditional long only products. BlackRock generated $561 million in performance fees this year, primarily as a result of delivering substantial return for clients invested in our highly diversified $110 billion of alternative franchise. We're seeing Institutional clients increase allocation to alternatives, and we've seen strong fundraising in our illiquid product set. BlackRock raised more than $6 billion in new commitments across a variety of strategies including opportunistic credit, infrastructure debt and customized alternative solutions in 2013. Our Retail liquid alternatives raised nearly $5 billion this year, and we have the right investment teams and the right distribution presence to play a leading role in Retail alternatives. We're seeing the trend of clients are using our active and alternative strategies alongside our passive offerings continuing. BlackRock's combination of alpha and beta on a single platform and the ability to leverage our Aladdin risk management platform positions us, as well as any firm, to offer custom solutions across the investment spectrum for our clients. On the passive side, it was another strong year for iShares, generating $64 billion of net inflows and 8% organic growth rate. Secular trends supporting future ETF growth remains. These include increasing adoption of global penetration; expanding the usage of ETFs as a core building block; and three, as investor demand for innovative new products. As Gary mentioned, our iShares Core Series is one example of BlackRock's ability to expand our reach into new segments like buy-and-hold space. Since the launch of the Core Series in October 2012, we've raised nearly $25 billion, representing a 30% annualized organic growth. BlackRock's strategic alliance with Fidelity, which we enhanced in 2013, is another example of our commitment to buy-and-hold investors. And we saw organic growth of 15% in 2013, nearly doubling that of our overall iShares business. While we saw strong iShares equity flows in 2013, it was a challenging year for long-duration fixed income and ETFs. The interest rate environment led many liquidity-oriented investors to sell long-duration assets, which made up more than 70% of our iShares fixed income book. As a result, we saw more than $7 billion of fixed income outflows this year, a sizable reversal for the iSharesBond business from a strong 2012. Helping to offset the pressure on the long-duration side, our short-duration fixed income suite gathered nearly $9 billion this year, led by our floating rate bond fund. BlackRock is focused on strengthening our offerings for clients, seeking protection in a rising rate environment, by offering expanding product set that includes 4 new U.S. funds, including short duration versions of our flagship high-yield and our investment-grade credit products and short maturity and liquidity income funds. Fixed income ETFs represent a sizable long-term growth opportunity for BlackRock. And with diverse offerings in long and short durations and fixed maturity products, I believe BlackRock is very well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. I've spent a lot of time in 2013 talking to clients, talking to shareholders, talking to regulators and politicians about longevity. Longer lifespans and underfunded retirement plans are one of the defining investment challenges of our generation. BlackRock is committed to helping clients meet their retirement savings needs, and our ability to customize outcome-oriented solutions is a key differentiator. In 2013, BlackRock's Defined Contribution clients contributed $30 billion of net inflows for a 7% organic growth rate, taking our Defined Contribution franchise to over $525 billion, putting us as the fourth largest in the DC industry. We continue to see substantial appetite for the target -- for our target date fundings and offerings. BlackRock launched the industry's first target date product 20 years ago, and our LifePath franchise has a strong track record through market cycles and continues to evolve to meet the needs of our clients. The BlackRock LifePath franchise is the third largest in the target date industry at over $100 billion in AUM with over $23 billion of net flows for the year, a 38% organic growth rate. This franchise is important to BlackRock's position and trajectory in the Defined Contribution market. And we recognize the responsibility that comes with more than 8 million individual investors and clients investing in our LifePath products. And while we're very pleased with our Defined Contribution group's results in 2013, we want to sharpen our focus on retirement solutions for individual investors. So we're forming a dedicated retirement group in the United States. Chip Castille at BlackRock will be leading this group, in addition to his current role as head of our Defined Contribution business. Chip and his new team is leveraging their expertise in this category, will help BlackRock tackle retirement not just through individual product but as a suite of investment solutions for all our clients, whether they are building their retirement savings or spending for their longer lives. BlackRock is focused on anticipating our client's needs in these challenging markets and delivering unique solutions. The benefit of a diversified business model we built, our focus on risk management and technology and our partnership approach to achieving outcomes for our clients drove our results in 2013. This past year marked BlackRock's 25th anniversary. And we reached a number of milestones, including crossing the $4 trillion long-term AUM threshold and the $10 billion revenue threshold and our hiring of 11,000 employees -- or having our 11,000 employees and importantly, funding our charitable foundation so it could be much more active in helping areas of need, especially education of financial issues and health for young people. In 2013, BlackRock hosted our first Investor Day where we formally introduced the investment community to our deep bench of leaders at BlackRock, outlining targets and strategies for growth and made a series of firm level commitments to our shareholders. We grew at 4.3 annualized organically for the quarter and 3.4 for the year. And we continue to believe that BlackRock will grow in the future at 5% going forward. In Retail, organic growth was 10%, ellipsing our high single-digit target. And at iShares, we grew at 8%, and we continue to believe that low double-digit growth are attainable. BlackRock's Institutional business grew at 1% in 2013. With our performance, we continue to believe that our growth rates in Institutional business will grow faster, and we're well positioned to hit our low-single digit growth -- goals going forward. In BlackRock Solutions, we pointed to mid-teen revenue growth during the Investor Day in our Aladdin business. And in 2013, our BlackRock Solutions business delivered total revenue growth of 11%, including 13% growth in Aladdin. Finally, we laid out financial goals including a dividend payout ratio between 40% and 50%, consistent share repurchase, a minimum operating margin of 40% through the cycle and double-digit EPS growth. And BlackRock achieved each of those goals in 2013. Looking ahead in 2014, we're committed to delivering these results for our clients and shareholders by focusing on achieving superior investment performance, enhancing our product set and distribution capabilities and continuing to understand and solve for our client investment goals. I have never been more bullish on our platform. Our unique platform of delivering alpha and beta and risk management solutions across products and across regions, no other firm has this platform to allow us to have this diversified approach to our clients. Also, as I reflect back over our 25 years as a company, it reinforces for me the critical importance of focusing on our role as a fiduciary to our clients. Especially in today's regulatory climate, it is vital that every employee of BlackRock looks to do the right thing in every situation every day. Finally, I want to thank our employees for the dedication and outstanding contribution in 2013 in delivering the full capabilities of BlackRock to solve for the ever-changing needs of our clients. Thank you. And with that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Luke Montgomery with Sanford Bernstein.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: You talked about the Defined Contribution business. I think you've been one of the more successful firms with customized target date products. But your firm is not one of the integrated record keepers, which historically has been a structural disadvantage. Could you speak a little bit more about what you think your market opportunity is there and what segment of the DC market by plan size you'd be most focused on attacking?
Laurence Douglas Fink: We were very successful this year in our target dates with large plans. So that was similar growth with some very large assignments with some large players. We do not believe being a record keeper is a disadvantage for us. Actually, it allows us to be agnostic about which record keeper they use. We work with the plan. We are focusing on the clients' needs. And if they have an XYZ record keeper, we will be working with them. We are very committed in working with them. So we are the largest in Defined Contribution platform, as I said, in the U.S., with $526 billion. So we are a large player, and we're a large player, and I think you just said it, Luke, because we are willing to work on customized solutions. This is where our investment technology really gives us an advantage. And it allows us to use the technology that we have to help design Defined Contribution plans that meet the needs of the plan. Some plans may want to have their investors in a much more conservative plan. Some others would want something a little more. But we have the ability to customize the solution. And in our presentations, it plays quite well with our clients, and this is why we continue to drive, as you suggested, above-market growth rates.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then switching gears a little bit. I wondered if you would comment on any significant regulatory developments. I know that we've got the consultative paper from the Financial Stability Board on SIFI designations. We've seen the Volcker Rule that came out in December. And also with that, I know you've identified compliance spending on regulations as one of the ongoing pressures on expenses and profit margins. So I was hoping you could give us a sense of where we are in the spending cycle for that. Have you incurred a lot of the upfront costs? And are we -- or are we at an elevated long-term run rate?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I thought the ROSCO [ph] Financial Stability Board's paper on a framework was a good framework. We actually agree with their framework. We actually we with the year framework. Their framework really spoke about products and how they need to look at products. This is something that we've been discussing here in the United States. As I've said repeatedly, it was not the largest institutions the asset management had that created any of the real problems. With long-term capital in the late '90s, that would not have been a large-scale platform. You had Bear Stearns asset management with a leveraged mortgage fund that created the beginning of the crisis here in the United States. And the money market crisis was created by the #9 largest money market fund that was reaching for yield, which plays into this whole concept. As you look at where risk may lie, risk is going to be lying in products. So we need to make sure that products are going to be analyzed in making sure people understand the systemic risk around products and the leverage associated with those products. Clearly, I think the ASCO [ph] plan discussed vanilla mutual funds probably don't create those types of systemic risks. Vanilla-defined benefit plans that are in core strategies are not that risky. Keep in mind, the one thing that is very -- I think regulators understand -- are beginning to understand. At BlackRock, we do have $4.3 trillion of assets. But we have thousands of clients. We have contracts that we have to live up to by our clients. And we have hundreds and hundreds of different products with different strategies. So it is not a unified platform. And I think it's more understood here in the United States and in Europe that this is not our money. This is client money. We have to live by our fiduciary standard with all these monies. And so we are working very closely with our regulators worldwide. We have constructive dialogue. And yet, nevertheless, the new regulations, whether it's Reg FD, whether it's working on disclosure items, we are spending more money on compliance. We have to have -- I think society is demanding higher fiduciary standards for all of us. And we are committed in doing this, and we are building a robust compliance process. We're spending money on technology. I'm not here to tell you we're finished investing, and I don't know how much more investing we have to do but it's -- I could say with certainty, we spent a great sum of money meeting the needs of today's, I would say, fiduciary standards.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first question I have is, as you think about the active versus passive dynamic, what are you seeing from your clients as you look into 2014? Is there any kind of sub-rotation back into active just given what seems to be a better market backdrop? Sort of part 2 of that question is, what's your latest thoughts on getting into the fundamentally based ETF segment, which seems to be growing very rapidly?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm not sure what you mean by fundamental base. I'm going to let Rob talk about it. I still don't think it's growing that fast, so I won't agree on that. But I think there's a lot of potential there, but I don't think it's growing yet. Related to the rotation and active versus passive equities, I think questionably in the third and fourth quarter, we did see rotation out of index equities, but I'm not certain that rotation all went back into active equities. It was a -- and much of it was rebalancing. Because of the huge gains in U.S. equities, a lot of pension plans did rebalancing into fixed income. This is one thing I think so many people in the marketplace misunderstood because they focus on retail flows and bonds. But there was large flows back into fixed income as pension funds needed to rebalance. And some of that rebalancing also went into alts. We are going to be having a survey that we will be releasing related to investor preferences. I think it will be released today. And that survey showed that we're seeing large preference by institutions to be migrating more and more money into alternatives. So some of that rotation out of index went into alts. We did not see that much rotation into active. And yet, I do believe that you're going to see some rotation out of index type of -- or beta strategy equity strategies into active, especially possibly in the emerging market area where it's been so heavily depressed relative to the developed market. I'm going to let Rob talk about ETF flows.
Robert S. Kapito: So on your question, we have -- we believe transparency in the ETF market is very important to the growth both in Retail and Institutional. But we are also seeing some demand from investors that their interest is away from a specific index or benchmark. So therefore, we're targeting certain products to meet those particular, I'll call them, rules-based products. And so we've launched a couple of these, and these have been primarily in the short duration area. Some of them have to do with equity factors. Some of them have to do with [indiscernible] products. And those are less transparent because they are not against an individual index, more rule-based. So we don't see a tremendous amount of growth in what you would just call active ETFs in the index space. Where we see it is innovations where an index does not provide what the client is looking to do. We have launched several of those, and we have several more of that we're going to be launching, and they'll be based upon client demand.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Larry, I want to -- so the active -- I want to follow along, Larry, on your comment about the shift, maybe, that you sort of anticipate, you could see in EM back to active. If you look at your active equity business and you sort of try and square that with the comments around the D-style boxing or the sort of removal of constraints and be more global, when you look at your active equity product set, are you -- do you expect that you'll see some of that EM allocation to dedicated funds? Is global equity product likely to be more of a driver of that shift back to active? And then, I guess finally, where are you in sort of the process of pruning your active equity offerings?
Robert S. Kapito: So we see a huge market for us in the active equity space. Let's keep in mind that it's still a $25 trillion market, this active core space. So you have to start with performance before you can get involved. And finally, after a lot of hard work, we have now products in place that we did not have in place before with the performance that we currently have. But where we think the demand is going to be in the active space as people move more back toward from passive to active is going to be more towards unconstrained first, before they move into more of the style box. So this is where we excel because we'll be putting together more packaged products. And in the EM space, it's going to be more in, for example, in EM allocation fund. So that's where we see the money coming into the active space. We've seen it going into Global Long/Short type product. But it's more in unconstrained first than it is in style. But we have to make sure that we all understand that the active space is still a very, very large space. And because of our performance, we hope to take market share in that particular space based on performance.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would just add one more thing, Mark, that our Global Al product, which we had -- so we're talking about performance-related or Fundamental Equity, but Global Al had a performance issue 3 years ago. And this past year, it has great performance and is back to very strong long-term record. And as a result, we began to see some very strong flows, especially globally. I mean the big change, what we are seeing in these unconstrained products like Global Al. It historically was, I would say, 100% U.S. based. In 2013, probably 30% of the flows was overseas. And even so far in 2014, if anything, it's accelerating with more global flows. So this is not just a U.S. phenomenon. This is just not a U.S. pension fund phenomenon. More and more global clients are looking for less benchmark, less style boxed, and this is obviously a major change in both the fixed income area and the equity area.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I guess related to that, if you look at the fixed income retail share gains that you had in 2013, I guess there's a few incumbents, if you will, in the fixed income retail U.S. area. What -- SIO has been a big driver of that, but there are other products sort of behind SIO. Should we think about, again, that sort of unconstrained fixed income being the sort of the share gain opportunity for you in that channel?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, there's no question it's going to be like a Global Long/Short Credit Fund. It will be credit style, and it's high yield. We have a 5-year top quartile product. It's doing quite well. We've seen large flows and high yield. We continue to believe we're going to continue to see high-yield flows this year. As I said, Global Long/Short. And importantly, we see billions and billions of dollars moving out of core index fixed income moving into probably more unconstrained types of products. I think that is going to be the 2014 strategy. The one thing that I think, I don't know, I didn't say it today, if you look at the Barclays Aggregate Index, 87% of its risk is duration. And if you have a view that interest rates systematically will be higher over the next few years, it's a pretty hard product to be in, and yet people need to be in fixed income. I mean, you're not going to see insurance companies run away from fixed income. In fact, rising rates are very good for insurance companies. Obviously, pension funds -- as with the improving equity markets, there are some pension funds that are much closer to defeasing and getting out of equities and going entirely in bonds. And so it's wrong to think there's one tidal wave in the marketplace. There are many different divergent trends that are navigating around the fixed income area, the one area where I do believe you're going to see a reduction. And that's going to be the core base or style box fixed income products.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So I just think I'll kind of follow up on that. And I guess as you think about your outlook for fixed income, a lot of what you said is around Institutional. Can you talk about Retail where we saw outflows in 2013 and what you think we could see there from in terms of fund flows within the fixed income market?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, if you tie in my view about longevity, I have always believed Retail has overly invested in fixed income. I think this is one of the tragedies that we have in America today, that so many individual investors have been so panicked by the media, by the economic conditions, by job conditions. Much of it is reasonably understood. And as a result, so many individuals have kept their money safe as a thought and overinvested in fixed income as a safe holder. Well, obviously, if you believe interest rates are going up, it's not a safe place to be anymore. Hopefully, some of that money goes into equities. And hopefully, some of the individual investors start thinking about outcomes and long strategy investing because that's the need we need. And so if you believe that longevity continues, it is our view that so many individuals, whether it's through their IRA, their defined contribution plan, are so under-invested in the duration of their liability or their retirement needs. And so some of the investing in fixed income is probably -- as I said, was more of a place holder. And unfortunately, as I said at the beginning of my speech, we had a doubling of the S&P since 2009, was not the right place to be. But one thing I can say that I think is happening, we are seeing a convergence in how individuals and institutions think about things. However, insurance companies always have income needs. Pension funds, obviously, would all like to defease as it ever could. And so you're going to have long-term trends that are going to be constructive for fixed income. So despite the views that we may have systematically higher rates in the future, it is going to produce more demand for fixed income. And this is one of the reasons why we had such a large credit rally and why we believe that will persist. And this is why we have not been totally afraid of the realities of a changing -- the changing realities of the Federal Reserve and the manner in which they are handling their monetary policy.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just as a follow-up, no real comments about scientific equity in your talk about flows or outlook, I assume that demand there just...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Well, it is somewhat really disappointing for me that we haven't seen extraordinary flows there yet. If the industry -- the quant equity industry had massive outflows, and for a couple of years, we had persistent outflows. What I can say, the negative flows have stopped, we were flat last year. We are talking to more clients than we ever had about this. I actually believe this is a -- this is one area where we're unique. This is one area where we should be growing. This is an area for us as an emphasis in 2014 with this strong performance that we have. And the strong performance is in Europe. It is in Asia. It is in the U.S. Across the global platform, we have strong, consistent performance with less equity beta. And so this is something that hopefully this will accelerate. But I will say loud and clear, I have been disappointed in the lack of flows, I am -- but I am thrilled about the team's persistence in making sure we have great performance, and we do have a positive view of our positioning going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, I just wanted to touch on the operating margin. And really, the adjusted operating margin remained above 40% really all year in '13. So I'm wondering, do you have pretty good visibility that the margin can remain north of 40% in 1Q, which is typically the seasonally softest? And then also, can you help us quantify the onetime lease expense inside G&A?
Gary S. Shedlin: Sure, Craig. It's Gary. So on margin, I think from our standpoint, we're being pretty consistent in terms of our views on margin. I think Larry mentioned the commitment we made. We're very comfortable at setting a floor on margin of the 40%. Obviously, you mentioned the first quarter tends to be seasonally soft in terms of performance fees and then payroll taxes and the like. Again, we're not managing the business on a quarterly basis to a margin. We're not actually managing the business at all to a margin. We're trying to balance both growth and profitability to come up with kind of the Goldilocks solution. We are continually looking to beta and shifts in our business mix to have positive implications, hopefully, on margin, and we're going to continue to push forward on that. So I don't think there's really any change in margin other than reaffirmation of the margin targets that we've kind of talked about. In terms of the G&A for the quarter, I think you highlighted a couple of things. You talked about lease. There's the number of items, frankly, that are elevating G&A in the fourth quarter itself. Sequentially, that's up about $76 million, which is 23%. I'd say a couple of things there. Seasonally higher marketing in the quarter definitely drove higher G&A. We've talked about that being fairly targeted over a course of a year, but we'll move quarter to quarter depending on opportunities. The lease basic cost you talked about, roughly about $12 million was in the quarter. We had some -- both non-recurring costs related to M&A but also ongoing costs associated with MGPA closing in the quarter. We had some FX that was higher in the quarter and a variety of other accruals. I think what we're trying to basically target to people is that if you exclude the impact of kind of the volatility in our marketing and promotional spend, about $15 million of the increase is really tied to our continued growth sequentially.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Really nice color there. And just as my follow-up, we're just looking for additional perspective on the open architecture glidepath product. So really, what is carrying client feedback today? Are there other competitors kind of aggressive in this market, too? And where is the AUM on that product as of December 31?
Gary S. Shedlin: So in terms of the glidepath, just we re-classed $6 billion from index equity and index-based multi-asset to better reflect the mandate that we got, again, 2 large mandates. And the $6 billion effectively reflects assets that we managed before we won the open architecture mandate. And then, if you will, there was an additional $10 billion that came our way that we are responsible for the overall glidepath, some of which we could end up managing directly, some of which will end up being allocated to third-party managers as part of our multi-manager glidepath assignment. So today, in total, that's roughly about $15 billion, $16 billion. It is a growth area that we see. And the only other point I would basically say, this is really just another way to customize for the client in an outcome-oriented manner, and it's primarily attributable to the LifePath franchise and our overall technology spend and commitment to that franchise. You should think about fees in this respect. That's also important. Fees here are generally consistent with other large institutional index mandates.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Larry, maybe just a follow-up on some of the color that you gave on allocations inflows. So I guess first, when I think about the Institutional commentary around the fourth quarter in terms of rebalancing and fixed income, that makes sense. Do you think that's more of like a transitional because of the strength in the market? And then you guys will get further on in '14, sort of the underlying trends that you've been talking about, whether it's on the alternative side, the passive side, like continue? And then on the Retail side, have you seen any of that, meaning given the strength in the equity markets, any unusual behavior of rebalancing? Or are they still too weighted towards fixed income so you're not really seeing that same trend?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. So we feel we have not seen any real trend. It's consistent. I mean, if you just look at our ETF flows, as I said, $76 billion of flows into equities, $10 billion of outflows of commodity and fixed income type products. But Institutional, yes, it's really -- you generally see the big rebalancing institutionally in the fourth quarter and some people in the first quarter. In our survey that we're releasing, we did -- we heard that there's still more rebalancing but not so much. If the Institutional survey that we'll be releasing today is an indication of what the big macro trend is, more investing in alts, and so I don't think you're going to see a persistence of rebalancing out of equities into bonds. I think this is just -- as I said, it's more seasonal, especially in light of the equity run. The one thing that we should be mindful of, if we continue to have an equity rally of some magnitude, there are going to be some corporate plans that are going to defease. We're aware of 1 or 2 large plans that are above their 100% funding rate. And they are having dialogues right now, should they defease and should they just immunize their plan, their DB plan. And so you're going to have that type of behavior, too. So this is one thing that's really, in my mind, a testimonial to BlackRock's platform. We're seeing institutions go one way, we're seeing ETF players go another way, and we're seeing mutual funds being a little more balanced. And so this -- in my mind, having that ability to see the various types of investors by region and by business line or by outcome needs, we're seeing very different behaviors across the board. The beauty of our platform, we were able to capture that and understand that. And this is why we are spending so much time with our clients and trying to help them think about outcomes and not about the noise of the moment.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: We want to thank everybody, obviously, thank our employees for a really good 2013. I just wanted to repeat that in our business today, we have to live with even stronger, more robust fiduciary abilities. And as I said very clearly, it is apparent as a leader in the investment management business that we set the tone. And the tone has to be strong across the board. And that is my commitment to our shareholders, that we will continue to set the tone of a strong standard fiduciary platform. And it's that standard and that tone that allows us to grow a deeper relationship with our clients. With that, thank you, everybody, and I'll talk to you at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Managing Director, and Member of Global Executive Committee Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert S. Kapito - President, Director, Chairman of Operations Committee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alex Kigel Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary Shedlin; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I'm Matt Mallow, the General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me point out, as I do in each of these calls, that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. Additionally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with those formalities out of the way, let's begin the call.
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to be here to present our third quarter results. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I'll review our quarterly financial performance and business results. I'll be referencing selected pages from our earnings supplement, which has been posted on the BlackRock Investor Relations website, and discussing primarily as adjusted results. BlackRock delivered third quarter EPS of $3.88, up 12% compared to 2012. Operating income was $978 million, also 12% higher. Excluding the impact of fund launch costs in the year ago quarter, operating income was up 9% on a year-over-year basis. Nonoperating results reflected a $23 million increase in the market value of our seed and co-investments, largely driven by private equity, real estate and distressed credit and mortgage investments. Recall that non-operating income in the second quarter of 2013 reflected a $39 million pretax gain relating to PennyMac's IPO. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was impacted by a noncash revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities based on various U.K. and domestic state tax law changes, which we exclude from as adjusted results. The third quarter as adjusted tax rate was approximately 30%, consistent with a 31% annual run rate, which remains in appropriate intermediate term planning assumption based on what we know today. In the third quarter, we saw approximately $25 billion of long-term net new flows, representing an annualized organic growth rate of 3%. We, again, demonstrated the consistency of our highly diversified multi-client platform, with retail and iShares driving our organic growth this quarter, more than offsetting the outflows we saw in our Institutional business. We've raised approximately $124 billion of long-term net new business over the past 12 months, representing a 4% organic growth rate. Because 86% of these net flows were generated by our retail and iShares channels, our organic revenue growth exceeded asset growth as these channels have higher effective fee rates compared to the firm's overall fee rate, the same dynamic held true in the third quarter. As you can see on Page 10 in the supplement, third quarter revenues were $2.5 billion, up $152 million or 7% from a year ago. Revenues were driven by base fees, excluding securities lending, which increases a function of both organic growth and market appreciation, offset by reduced securities lending revenue, reflecting ongoing softness in the hard-to-borrow or special collateral markets. Sequentially, total base fees, which includes securities lending, declined by 1%, driven by mix and a seasonal decline in securities lending activity. As a function of the market volatility we've witnessed in the latter half of the second quarter, we entered the third quarter with lower assets on our management and our average AUM for the second quarter. During the second quarter, we were also impacted by iShares outflows and a negative beta-driven mix change in markets linked to some of our higher fee businesses. We experienced the opposite phenomenon during the third quarter with iShares inflows and positive beta, which will benefit our base fee run rate as we enter the final quarter of the year. Performance fees for the quarter reflected solid results in our diversified single strategy hedge fund platform. Our performance fee eligible products belong to a broad range of asset classes and investment strategies and are normally not dependent on a single fund or market theme. While the fourth quarter is generally our seasonally highest quarter of the year for performance fees, recall that last year's fourth quarter included a large one-time fee related to the wind down of the U.S. government PPIP portfolio. Our BlackRock Solutions franchise benefited from robust activity in the third quarter. Revenues were $156 million, up $28 million compared to 2012. Our Aladdin business, which represented 72% of BlackRock Solutions revenue in the quarter, grew 19% year-over-year, benefiting from trends favoring global investment platform consolidation, client seeking multi-asset risk solutions and a growing client base that is progressing through multiple bases of implementation. Our FMA business had a very strong quarter, with year-over-year revenue growth of 29%, driven by advisory fees related to completed assignments and deliverables. While our FMA business continues to benefit from ongoing regulatory change, especially in Europe, the revenue profile of FMA will be lumpier than the Aladdin business on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Revenue classified as other fell sequentially, primarily driven by our decreased ownership stake in PennyMac and lower transition management activity in the quarter. As we discussed on last quarter's call, we now hold an ownership stake of approximately 20% in PennyMac, down from 33% prior to PennyMac's IPO and our subsequent charitable contribution. Turning to 12 -- Page 12, excuse me, of the supplement. Expenses rose $50 million year-over-year, driven primarily by increased marketing and promotion spend and revenue-related items, including compensation and direct fund expense. As we have previously indicated, the investment in our brand may vary quarter-to-quarter but over -- but our full year 2013 investment will be in line with 2012. Direct fund expense is largely linked to AUM levels, primarily in our index and iShares businesses. Adjusting for fund launch costs in the third quarter of 2012, expenses rose 5% year-over-year compared to a 7% increase in revenue over the same period and resulted in an operating margin of 41.2%, a 50 basis point increase versus a year ago. We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value with our first priority to invest in our business. We completed the acquisition of the Crédit Suisse ETF business in July and $16 billion in assets under management, extending BlackRock's footprint in Switzerland and bringing a broader range of opportunities to Swiss investors. In addition, while not included in the third quarter, on October 4, we completed the previously announced acquisition of MGPA, a private equity real estate investment advisory company. This deal doubles the size of BlackRock's real estate advisory business, extends our reach to the Asia Pacific and EMEA regions and reinforces our commitment to offering investors access to markets worldwide. As previously noted, both transactions will not be material to our earnings per share. Our capital management policy remains consistent. We repurchased approximately $250 million worth of shares in the third quarter, in line with the past 2 quarters. As we have previously stated, in the current environment, we would expect to maintain this level of repurchases for the remainder of the year. Our solid financial results once again reflect the benefits of our diverse platform and strong partnership with our clients. We saw positive inflows across all major asset classes and regions, with retail and iShares driving growth in our client businesses. Similar to the second quarter, the breadth of BlackRock's platform was demonstrated by 10 funds across retail and iShares, each generating more than $1 billion inflows. We spoke at our Investor Day about our excitement around the global retail growth opportunity. This quarter, we saw long-term flows of $8.3 billion in retail, driving 7% year-to-date annualized organic growth, a significant increase compared to the 3% organic growth we saw for the full year 2012. Results were driven by many of our key themes, including income, alternatives and outcome-oriented solutions. U.S. retail saw long-term net inflows of $3.4 billion, with strong flows, unconstrained fixed income and alternatives. This represents a continuation of the momentum we've witnessed in the second quarter with both our strategic income opportunities and global Long/Short Credit Funds, again, delivering more than $1 billion in new flows. In the face of sizable industry outflows this quarter, BlackRock's strong investment performance, proactive client conversations and breadth of product offerings once again drove net inflows and fixed income. On the equity side, we saw moderate outflows. Larry will spend some time on the positive investment performance trends of our recent hires later in his remarks, but we are still punching below our weight in equities and we have consistently recognized it will take time to see an inflection. International retail saw a strong long-term net inflows of $4.9 billion, representing an 18% annualized organic growth rate. Flows were similarly driven by our global themes, including alternatives and outcome-based solutions. We experienced strong flows into equities, led by our top-performing European equity franchise, and experienced ongoing momentum in multi-asset as clients leveraged our solutions-oriented strategies, including global allocation, managed volatility and dynamic asset allocation. Global iShares benefited from strong industry flows in September as risk appetite improved and once again demonstrated its leadership position. iShares remains the vehicle of choice for investors who want to quickly and efficiently express their views in the market. Following the macro-driven redemptions we experienced late in the second quarter, investors once again turned to iShares to increase risk allocations, driving significant inflows. In addition, we continue to see robust secondary market liquidity, which adds to the depth of markets for our clients. For the quarter, iShares raised $20.2 billion of long-term net new business, equities led the way with approximately $21 billion of net inflows, while fixed income experienced modest redemptions. Year-to-date, iShares has accumulated nearly $45 billion of net flows, representing a 31% share of global industry flows for the quarter and 27% year-to-date. Our Institutional business experienced $3.3 billion of net long-term outflows globally. However, we saw a continued momentum at Defined Contribution and in liquid alternatives. We saw passive outflows of $3.4 billion in the quarter, with equity outflows more than offsetting fixed income inflows, as market uncertainties slowed institutional fundings and re-risking strategies and caused some clients to tactically rebalance the weight from passive equity. Active flows were roughly flat for the quarter, with strong inflows into fixed income and multi-asset, offset primarily by equity outflows. Fixed income inflows were driven by EMEA and APAC clients, while multi-asset inflows were paced by our LifePath August 8 franchise, which experienced $3 billion of net inflows, representing a 17% annualized organic growth rate. BlackRock now manages more than $80 billion of LifePath assets, which are a key driver growth for our Defined Contribution business. Active equity outflows were driven by both scientific and fundamental strategies and were primarily performance-related. Part billing remains a prominent theme with institutional clients and we saw another strong quarter for illiquid alternatives. Year-to-date, we have now -- we secured nearly $5 billion of commitments, which will generate future net new business as those dollars are invested. Overall, it was a very solid quarter, and with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Good morning, everyone. Thanks, Gary, and thanks for joining the call. The current market environment remains challenging. Uncertainty is high and fundamentals are taking a back seat to policy decisions. The narrative in Washington that's running the debt ceiling debate is reducing the confidence in investors and business leaders, leading to a short-term focus and risk adversion. Rather than investing in new equipment or job creation, CEOs are focused on increasing stock buybacks and dividends, which does little to drive long-term economic growth. Even with a deal to avoid a default, the damage has been done by the fact that we have had a debate, questioning whether the U.S. will pay its bills, and the impact will be a slowdown in economic growth. In the face of this market uncertainty, BlackRock diverse platform continues to perform. We saw a $25 billion of net inflows this quarter, driven by positive flows in all major product categories and in all regions of the world. The flows we're seeing today and the stability of our platform are the result of investments we made in the business over the past few years. After acquiring BGI in 2009, BlackRock went through a period of integration that led many clients and consultants to take a wait-and-see approach. Could BlackRock marry active and passive investing that created more holistic solution for our clients? We addressed these challenges, emerging 2 organizations, performance issues and certain products and creating a single cultural identity. During this time, we never lost our focus of -- on identifying and focusing and attending to the needs of our clients. We rededicated ourselves to: One, the pursuit of alpha generation, leveraging our risk management and analytic capabilities to better advise clients and create solutions; two, we built our brand; and three, strategically position BlackRock to address key investment themes. The combination of strong performance and risk management focus, continued investment in our brand, a strategic focus on strengthening of client relationships positions BlackRock well beyond 2014. Top quartile investment performance is critical for BlackRock to be the world's premier investment manager. Several years ago, we went through a restructuring of our active fixed income business. What was a weakness coming out of the financial crisis is now a strength, and we are seeing the payoffs. Our strong performance track record across our fixed income book once again drove positive flows in a challenging market for the asset class. We saw more than $7 billion in active fixed income inflows this quarter despite outflows in the industry. Our 1-, our 3- and importantly, our 4- and 3-quarter year performance is meaningful in excess of our key competitors in total return, unconstrained and high-yield and low-duration products we are all well positioned for a continuing rotation within fixed income. BlackRock's early investment in the unconstrained fixed income space positions us to capitalize on what I believe will be one of the defining themes of the foreseeable future, as investors reassess risk in their fixed income portfolios and look to limit the impact of duration in a rising rate environment. Our unconstrained bond strategy, the Strategic Income Opportunity fund, had its third straight quarter with more than $1 billion in net inflows, driving growth in retail. On the Institutional side, we are having active conversations with our clients about the diversification benefits of our unconstrained allocation, and we expect to see more momentum coming from Institutional on that front. Moving to equity performance, as we've discussed in the past, one critical area for investments for BlackRock has been our U.S. fundamental equity franchise. Much of the confidence I have been making these changes in our equity platform stemmed from the success we had in the rebuilding of our fixed income side. BlackRock did see $5 billion of outflows this quarter on our active equity business. While we're not satisfied with that outflow, we are pleased with the investment performance we're seeing in some of our managers. And as Gary suggested, that outflow really came more from the international side and was more idiosyncratic than outflows that were stemming from portfolio manager turnover. Our basic value fund is more than 450 basis points above its benchmark and is in the fourth percentile. Our large cap core product has risen from the 76th percentile to the 35th percentile and these funds -- since these funds came under new management, we have seen more than $2 billion in new institutional mandates in our fundamental large cap growth portfolios through the third quarter and had additional $1.8 billion mandate, which funded earlier this month. Our commitment to rebuilding our active equity business is just as strong as a commitment we made to rebuild our active fixed income business, and I expect to see the same positive results and flows over time. Just as BlackRock needed to refocus in our investment performance, we also needed to build our brand to drive growth in our retail businesses, and the investments we made in the BlackRock and iShares brands are now delivering those results. As we've grown and diversified the firm over time, communicating a clear message has become a critical component of our client interaction. Over the past year, we've been reaching out aggressively to clients to educate them on the risk of fixed income and the need to prepare more effectively for retirement. And we're linking those messages directly to investment strategies and individual product offerings. we're seeing the benefit of those efforts in increased traffic to our websites, much higher brand recognition, better client dialogue, more pulls from clients and improved flows in products targeted through our marketing and communication efforts. Retail is a key focus area for BlackRock's marketing effort. As Gary mentioned earlier, our global retail business has grown organically at a 7% annualized rate this year, more than double our 3% growth in 2012. These results are an outcome of our continued focus on driving investment performance across the entire platform and our investment in the BlackRock brand. International retail is a significant growth driver, raising nearly $5 billion in new flows, the most in the quarters since 2009. The success we're seeing in international reflects our strategic plan to diversify this platform. Our active equity franchise drove nearly $2 billion in net flows, led by European equities, and the nearly $3 billion inflows we saw in active fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives, demonstrated the benefits of deeper relationships we've been building across our global client base. Outcome-oriented investing is another driver for retail. This is a high-growth market where BlackRock has a unique ability to package active and passive strategies, backed by BlackRock Solutions risk management and analytical capabilities. No other firm has that ability to put those 3 components together on a outcome-oriented investing platform. We aligned through our model portfolio initiative last year and now have more than 8,000 live subscriptions. We've seen strong client appetite for our packaged solutions, with nearly $2.7 billion in combined flows this quarter across our 2 flagship strategies, our Multi-Asset Income and our Global Allocation product. In addition to driving growth in retail, we continue to be focused on positioning for the long-term secular trends in the ETF market. Clients use iShares as an efficient and transparent portfolio construction tool to move quickly in and out of investment exposures and increasingly as buy-and-hold vehicles to build core exposures. We see liquidity-oriented investors turn to iShares as a preferred vehicle when they want to increase market exposures as they did in mid-September and when they want to reduce exposures as they did at the end of the second quarter. Given the volatility on the liquid side of the product set and the seasonal trends we've seen over time, we tend to look at growth in iShares in a rolling 12-month basis. In the last 12 months, iShares has seen more than $80 billion of inflows, driving organic growth of 11%, consistent with our long-term expectations. As we further penetrate the buy-and-hold segment, both through the Core Series and our strategic partnership with Fidelity, we expect more stable quarterly flow patterns. The iShares Core Series has delivered positive flows in every quarter since its launch date, including more than $9 billion of net flows year-to-date and more than $13 billion of flows since inception, representing organic growth of 20%. And on the Fidelity platform, we've seen iShares grow at an annualized organic rate of 13%, also led by our Core Series. International expansion will also serve to increase diversification. iShares brought in more than $5 billion of flows in Europe this quarter, and we increased our presence in the market following the closure of Crédit Suisse ETF platform acquisition in July. BlackRock continues to invest in the ETFs space to drive adoption and the new usage by broadening the client base using ETFs and launching innovative products. In the quarter, we saw our first bank client purchase of iSharesBonds and we launched near a short-duration bond fund that is well positioned for the current fixed income environment. Let's talk about performance, investing in our brand and how our investments in key themes position BlackRock to deliver value. The key to growth is translated in that progress into strengthening our relationships with our clients. The depth and richness of conversations that BlackRock is having with clients have progressed substantially in the last couple of years. I've seen that in my own discussions with clients, and I hear the same from my colleagues across the firm worldwide. The BlackRock Investment Institute or BII is an example of all that we are building coming together. BII sits at the center of our 1,600 portfolio managers, analysts and researchers worldwide. The Institute was created with a single goal in mind, to harness the best insight from our global investment team and leverage that insight through a robust dialogue across the entire BlackRock platform to drive performance. And I do believe our performance results recently speak loudly about the value of this Institute. With the creation of BII, not only our investment team is better equipped to produce alpha, but BlackRock is also positioned to identify market themes and share our investors' thoughts and ideas with our clients. As an example, we hosted a call earlier this month on the fiscal challenges in Washington, which was led by several or top strategists and portfolio managers and was attended by more than 1,000 clients. Additionally, in the last few weeks, we've had strong attendance and positive reactions at client events in Asia, in Brazil and in Washington. Our reputation for problem solving continues to build as more and more people turn to us for insight and counsel. They appreciate the perspective that BlackRock and our platform affords them and helping them solve these challenging financial problems. What BlackRock brings to the table is resonating with clients. Our products are more -- are on more retail platforms and buy lists than ever before, and we're seeing that positioning to drive growth. In bringing together our retail and iShares sales force, we're having more holistic conversations with FAs and RIAs, and you're seeing that manifest in flows from these businesses. I've met with a number institutional clients over the last few months, pension funds, consultants, central banks, sovereign well funds, and the reception is better than I've ever seen. The identity we're building and the clarity of message that we're delivering is differentiating BlackRock's value proposition. As the uncertainty in Washington impacted institutional client asset allocation decisions in late September, we saw passive equity outflows for the first time since 2008, driven by profit taken in equities, rebalancing and a reduction in risk. However, we benefited on the other side of that reallocation with nearly $7 billion of net flows into fixed income, largely driven by international financial institutions, turning to BlackRock for domestic credit exposure and more than $4 billion in new money from official institutions across active and passive strategies. We also saw a strong BlackRock Solutions results. BRS continues to be a key differentiator for us in client-seeking risk management solutions. Our financial market advisory business is benefiting from the ongoing regulatory change, particularly in Europe, and we continue to have robust dialogues regarding the benefits of our Aladdin risk management platform. We are close to signing one of our largest ever Aladdin assignments. Before I wrap up, I'd like to spend a minute addressing the regulatory process. Last month, the Treasury's Office of Financial Research released its study for the FSOC on asset managers. As requested, we will submit a letter to the SEC detailing our views on the report by November 1. We think this study reinforced some of the important fundamental points in which we wholeheartedly agree. That report stated first, asset managers or agents, they're not principals. Asset managers act as fiduciaries on behalf of our clients. Second, asset managers are different from banks and insurance companies. Asset managers don't take deposits. Asset managers are not wholesale funded and asset managers don't benefit from any government guarantees and we aren't levered in any material way. The study also raises a number of potential risks related to specific investment products or investment practices. We agree with some of those additional regulations, and we agree that it is warrant to look at this, as we have advocated reforms to address many of this risks. However, since these risks are unrelated to the size of asset managers, we believe regulation targeted at specific products and practices will be more effective than company-level regulation or just a few firms. Looking ahead, BlackRock will continue to see the benefits of our investments we've made in our performance, in our brand, in our strategy and our relationships with our clients. The positive impact that these investments have delivered make me more confident that we're on the right path. As Gary noted, investing in our business where we see opportunities for our organic growth is a key objective, and I see substantial growth opportunity for BlackRock on the horizon. When I talk to clients, I see them looking at BlackRock differently they have in the past. They see us as a partner, as a firm that can deliver solutions unlike anyone else in the industry. Our ability to combine active and passive solutions on a single platform, backed by risk management and analytical capabilities or our BlackRock Solutions business, position us to take our client dialogue to a higher level. And this is a higher level, both in institutional and now in the retail side. We're seeing those conversations drive an acceleration in our business and I expect to see that acceleration continue. Finally, we'd like to thank all of our employees for the hard work and contribution to BlackRock. We look forward to the continuing to partner with our clients around the world to deliver them all that BlackRock has to offer. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you mentioned modeled portfolio. I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper there because that's something we've heard a lot about on our end. So can you help us size this in your mind and how important building modeled portfolios with advisories are in terms of getting increased penetration for iShares in the channel?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I have Rob Kapito here. Rob, you want to come over and answer? Rob is spending a great deal of time working with these channels, especially with the Morgan Stanley channel, related to models and how that impacts our active and our iShares.
Robert S. Kapito: So clients are now looking for a more holistic solution to their clients' portfolios, and they're looking for more asset allocation. And we are finding that clients have both active and passive in their portfolios. And what they're requiring now is for us to build model portfolios that they could use our products in them or use other products in them. So iShares is certainly a significant part of that asset allocation. So we think by providing these models to the advisors that, that will stimulate our -- their use of our products in their portfolios and that should help the growth of iShares, as well as our other passive and active portfolios.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Matt, one of the thing that we're trying to do, and we're not there yet, is making sure that we can use some of the Aladdin capabilities on the retail side, too. So that's something we are studying, we are in dialogue with many different distribution platforms. And so the first component of really adding value to our -- to the retail side is these model portfolios, which we're developing, but also can there be some analytical support in addition.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe this one is a little bit more for Gary, but you mentioned the fee rates in some of the iShares products and how there's a little bit of a tailwind now that your back in what we have see in the fourth quarter, there's been a lot of focus from investors on EEM. So I'm hoping you can give us a little bit of -- maybe help us size a little bit better both the impact on fee rate and sec lending fees from the shift that you saw during the third quarter and now into the fourth quarter, if there's anything incrementally you can give us?
Gary S. Shedlin: Well, Matt, I would make the following observations. I mean, I think, as we enter the third quarter, we saw really 3 different dynamics that basically created a little bit of headwinds for us since we came into the quarter. One, obviously, as I mentioned was that our spot assets under management at the end of the second quarter basically ended up being below the average for the second quarter. And that obviously was one element. Two, is we saw some clear outflows in iShares, particularly around EEM in the latter part of the second quarter, as we mentioned. And the third element was overall beta mix, which I think is very important, where we basically saw significantly worse beta performance in markets like the emerging markets, natural resources, the world index which, obviously, is relevant because we have some of our higher-fee products in those markets. As it relates to the third quarter, as we basically get through the third quarter, we basically saw all of those trends reverse. So we basically end up actually having a spot AUM at the end of the third quarter, as you can see in the tables, about 3% higher than our average for the quarter. We, obviously, benefited from strong inflows in iShares in September at the latter part of the quarter, as you know some of that was driven by EEM. And then finally, we actually saw beta improvement in those markets that are at higher fee products, completely opposite of what we saw in the second quarter. So that all sets us up well to basically enter the fourth quarter with a better run rate. On the other hand, on securities lending, as you mentioned, which as you know is part of our base fee line, we did see meaningful compression and spreads. And so while we saw our average on loan balances go up roughly by about 7% year-over-year, we did see significant spread compression primarily around the lability spreads where we saw those spread declined a little over 30%. And I would say that, that's obviously created the drag.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Can I just -- let me just add one more thing, Gary, on that. So sec lending is a result of a need for people to borrow stock, whether it's a hedge fund or our people were -- and generally you see a lot of activity around mergers and some type of corporate event. And we all know the merger market, corporate event market has been rather low compared to other years. And hedge fund behavior has predominantly been more of a derisking type of strategy this year, as evident of what our hedge fund results relative to the S&P. And so the sec lending liability spreads have come down quite a bit. And whether this is a seasonal issue or secular issue, we'll find out. But unquestionably, sec lending volumes are down quite a bit in terms of the fees.
Gary S. Shedlin: So Matt, just to finalize on that. I would just basically see that, as Larry said, that's driven primarily by the special collateral mark. And I would say that unless we see a meaningful change in the conviction of hedge funds around their trading activity, change in leverage or change in, basically, the M&A environment, I don't think we would expect to see a major change in that in the coming quarter.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then I'll just -- one quick follow-up for me, it's just on the OFR report. Larry, you mentioned, and I know there's a lot to still to be determined there, but just -- can you give us a sense for what your conversations have been with the regulators kind of coming into that, going out of that? Any steps you've already take to satisfy any requirements from them or anything else you can give us incremental will be helpful.
Laurence Douglas Fink: A, we had no conversation with any of the regulators prior to the publication. That would have been considered lobbying under Dodd-Frank, and so we did not have any dialogue. And we read the results, we read the results simultaneous with everyone else. We are now with the publication. We are in dialogue with the different regulators, the different participants in the FSOC. And all I could say is the conversations are good, they're robust. Our letter will most probably be public when we submit it in November 1, but it's just a process and we are very comfortable with the dialogue and the process that the regulators are putting forth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Worthington with JPMorgan.
Alex Kigel: This is actually Alex Kigel, in for Ken. Ken apologizes he's not able to join us today. We, basically, just wanted to know about your fixed income business. It seems like June was, in part, an inflection point for the fixed income investors. What are your thoughts about 3Q sales as an indication of fixed income investor behavior, as we continue to see rates potentially move higher at some point? Can we look at BlackRock solid fixed income sales for 3 -- for the third quarter as an indication of your resilience of the fixed income franchise? As we see it, potentially, rates start to rise?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, a, I think that activity in Washington is going to probably mute. The fixed income rate rise for some time, so I'm just going to -- I disagree with your proposition right off the bat. I think we're in a lower rate environment, a lot of people suggest today. And I do believe -- as I said, I do believe the behavior in Washington is dragging our economy down. And I actually believe the Federal Reserve is probably more reserved in terms of any movement related to tapering and there's going to be a lot more -- they're going to probably pause waiting to see if indeed the economy is impacted by Washington's behavior. It is our view that we are well positioned, as I said. We are very well positioned in fixed income because of performance. We are very well positioned because our position in unconstrained fixed income. And we are well positioned because of our solid performance in credit and high yield. So you put all those things together, if there is going to be flows, if there's rotation, I think we're very well positioned for that. And as we saw in the third quarter, we did see people look to us as -- in terms of adding fixed income exposures. And I would say, very clearly, the dialogues we're having with clients related to fixed income are more active than they have been in years for us. And so if the dialogue we're having with clients worldwide institutionally retail, if that's an indicator of forward growth, then I think we're going to be -- we're going to have consistent growth in the future.
Alex Kigel: Great. And just as a follow-up, can you please update on the progress you feel you're making in teaching fixed income ETFs to institutional investors, i.e., particularly banks and financial institutions, and as well as institutional investors and actively managed short-term fixed income products?
Laurence Douglas Fink: We continue to have -- as I said, when I've got a dialogue in fixed income, it does translate also to dialogue in iSharesBond. It's not just the active fixed income unconstrained side. It is, as I said in my prepared remarks, iSharesBonds, we have our first bank client, we have many conversations going on now and our new ETF product has been near, which is a low-duration type of product, for those who are frightened of the longer-duration products. So I think -- as I said, we have consonant whether they are in ETFs, ETF bonds and/or our active products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick question, maybe hoping you could give some color on how you guys positioned the money funds given everything going on, the potential U.S. default, and not only maybe avoiding technical issues that can arise, but also maybe some of the knock-on effects that could come about as well?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, let me just state overall. We have dozens of teams working on contingent plans throughout the organization. Our job is to be a fiduciary and our job is to focus on even the unanticipated risk associated with any default. So beyond our money market funds, I think it would be incorrect to think that that's all we're focusing on related to default, there are many municipal bond market to collateral management of swaps to working with the custodians. You'll have to understand, the rating agencies, even if only one treasury bond, this is a coupon payment, definitionally, the entire sector then is considered a defaulted security. And so we have to be prepared for all the contingencies, whether they're T-bills or any other bond, U.S. bond, instrument. And so, I think, we're doing a very good job without getting in, in any of the details to making sure that we're anticipating those unanticipated problems associated with this type of event. As we all know, when you think back about the Lehman Brothers result, everybody thought that Lehman Brothers was it. But then when the reserve fund had that Lehman Brothers exposure, that's when I believe that we really fell off a cliff 5 years ago. And so our job is having these task teams working towards all the unanticipated possibilities that would occur in terms of collateral management, in terms of clearing, in terms of what is considered good collateral and bad collateral. So in addition to our money market funds, where we're obviously very focused on, we're focused at across all different of our platforms.
Brennan Hawken - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then a question on the regulation, you had mentioned that you guys had started up a really active dialogue with the regulators here on the back of this OFR report. Just kind of curious, it's the one thing that I'm trying to struggle to get my head around is, if there is some kind of city designation for a large asset manager, what -- how does that manifest itself, like what does it mean? Does it just mean enhanced supervision? Does it mean capital? In your dialogues, do you have any sense of that or can you give us any color...
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. But let me just step backwards, I think you're aware we have capital set aside for operational risk, that was a condition we had with our U.K. and U.S. regulators. So unlike many other asset managers, we are already in that position. We are already regulated because of PNC's 20% ownership with us by the Federal Reserve. We are regulated by the control of the currency because of our bank trust division that we bought when we acquired -- when we bought BGI. So we have -- we're a firm that is very heavily regulated across region and across all the different regulators. So your question is a good question, but I can't answer it. But I can say we have -- we are -- we have regulatory oversight by many of those regulators that other firms, if they were a SIFI, do not at this present time. And it's a good question, what does that mean? Because the OFR did state, we are not a bank, we're a fiduciary, we're an agent. And OFR stated that these are not our assets, we're not levered, so I honestly don't know what it would mean if they designated a bunch of firms as SIFIs. And that's why my comment was very specific related to one of the ways that we've read into the OFR is that maybe they are going to regulate specific products like money market funds. But they may begin some type of supervision over, let's say, all types of products that have some x amount of leverage. So that would incorporate leverage type of hedge funds and other types of products like that. So we're not -- this is too early in the dialogue, too early, I believe, in the regulatory reviews of what they're going to do. But I think the OFR report was a very fair, in my mind, a very just report about what asset managers are and adjustly cited some risks associated with some of the types of businesses that asset managers are in. And so we are working alongside with regulators in responding to their questions as best we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Larry, maybe -- first on flows, you give a lot of detail and the teams like, maybe current quarter, there's been some different trends than what we've seen kind of year-to-date. If I look at just the disclosure you guys give, iShares retail, you've been gaining some momentum; institutional has been more subdued and you guys have talked about that being a little bit more mature. But when I look at iSharesBond and I look at the, say, $45 billion of flows year-to-date, if you segmented that into sort of the retail population or the retail channel versus the institutional, like where is that kind of breaking up? And particularly in terms of -- because if I look at your retail equity flows, they've been more subdued but that's more on the active side, but it seems like the momentum is still there. So I just wanted to get some color on the iShares penetration in the 2 channels and how that would shift to flows for retail versus institutional?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Let me give this to Rob because Rob is working very closely with the whole team.
Robert S. Kapito: Yes. So basically, we have been focused on a few areas of iShares penetration. The first is, is still in the education mode. So there are a lot of institutional clients that are first learning how to use iShares in their portfolios for liquidity reasons and for access to markets, before they actually find an active manager to manage those assets. They also are looking for asset allocation from the iShares, and that's primarily on the institutional side. And we have very good penetration in there, but it's a process that's really just at their early stages. So if you think that iShares is actually grown already, we think that it's just the early stages of the growth of iShares institutionally. On the retail side, again, it's a larger education process but a lot of the FAs, who managed these particular portfolios, are using iShares more and more in their asset allocation models that I talked about before. And we are very focused on what we call a Core Series, which goes directly at what we think retail clients are looking for. And already this year, we have raised $9 billion in the Core Series. And these are more of the buy-and-hold type of retail investors, which is a segment that we have begun to spend a lot of time focusing on. The other thing is that, since I mentioned to you that we believe that clients have both active and passive strategies in their portfolios, we have combined our sales forces and we will now have the largest sales force of any asset manager going out and educating both the institutional and the retail advisors on how to use iShares. And then last, we're building up our distribution because being in the iShares business or the ETF business, it's really capturing the flag and providing the largest funds that have the transparency and the liquidity. And of course, you recognize some of those -- the partnerships that we have established, one most recently being with Fidelity, and we're seeing really good results early on from that relationship, and we have several other relationships as well. So we are seeing continued growth in iShares, continued ideas for the use of iShares. And specifically, because we're going into markets where a lot of liquidity concerns are emerging, certainly, iShares will help in providing liquidity in the markets where there may not be as much liquidity as in the past.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Gary, you gave some helpful color just on the fee rate and the -- you know how to frame the outlook. If I combine that with AUM up around 6% in the quarter, just going into the fourth quarter, it seems like it's setting up from -- for some decent operating leverage. Anything on the expense side that's more seasonal that would offset that or it is just, seasonally, you're going to have more momentum heading into the fourth quarter, just want to make sure there is nothing else that we should be thinking about?
Gary S. Shedlin: Yes. I think, frankly, on -- well, I mean, before we talked a lot about compensation on the variable side and direct fund expense, which we've talked about, I think if you look at the, obviously, performance fees will drive relative changes in compensation levels. But beyond that, on the G&A spend, I would say that if you compare kind of the second and the third quarter sequentially and then you saw a little bit of a dip in the third quarter based on marketing spend going down, which is really all of the difference. And I think as we've been fairly consistent in our statements, that marketing spend is going to vary quarter-to-quarter. We would naturally see probably a lift up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. But beyond that, in SG&A, I think with the exception of that, I think the run rate is pretty well established.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In terms of my questions, on the Core Series having just phenomenal success that you highlight some very good organic growth. Just sort of curious, as that portfolio builds, would there be any natural internal pricing pressure for the remainder of the business to maybe reset pricing lower, just given will it likely be a pickup of liquidity in the Core Series?
Gary S. Shedlin: I don't think so. I think this is just another leg to stand on here, where there are specific clients and we're looking at a segment that's called the buy-and-hold segment. And that, typically, has lower fees than those that look for more trading. And we're seeing both, i mean, it's pretty much equity spread. So it's really different segments of the markets and this is actually a new segment for us, so I don't really think an impact the other fee segments in the iShares business.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Bill, I would add one more thing to that. If you think about the manner in which investors buy the buy-and-hold in the Core Series, these are much stickier assets, so you're going to have much greater dollar amount and still have a much lower amount of liquidity in transactions because of the nature of the investor. So unless we saw a mixed change of investors on the Core Series, which would then lead you to think maybe there would be some cannibalization of the other ones, I don't -- we're not seeing any evidence of a migration from that. I would say that the investors are looking for more liquidity into the Core Series.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then my follow-up. You didn't even talk about too much this quarter, I'm sort of curious, and maybe an update of demand in positioning in the scientific portfolio?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Our share performance is really good and it's -- we are having more dialogue, but we have not seen any real pickup in demand in that one area. But we do have, in one of the scientific areas, is our fixed income global opportunity fund, which we closed midyear, and there's a possibility we will reopen it. It's been a very, very successful fixed income hedge fund and we will probably think about opening it next year. And that had about a $400 million of this quarter in terms of growth. But it was a scientific equity where we saw that one outflow internationally. And that was just one client looking to move out of that asset category. So now I would -- I'm disappointed that we're not seeing more opportunities because we really do have a great track record in that area. And it's an asset category that is going to, really, just take more time to have the investors come back into the platform. And I -- and keep in mind, I think investors are now using more and more beta products instead of scientific, and they're using beta as alpha. And I think that's one of the outflow of interchanges in mix and the mix and style that, maybe 5, 6, 7 years ago, people are using quant strategies. And today, they're just -- and more and more of those investors are going to just be beta strategies, but actively managing their beta strategies.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Larry, on the fixed income active inflows, can you give just a little more color on -- do you think what saw this quarter was a function of more manager replacement and manager sort of rotation amongst the competition? Or is this sort of more of a rethinking going on given the sort of the outlook for rates from institutional investors?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So on the institutional side, I don't think it was -- I think it was -- I think some of it was just -- I don't know if it was a rotation out of all other fixed income managers. I think it was more just a -- the clients, these institutional clients were just generating more and more cash because of their operations. And we're winning these new assignments as they generate more balance sheet because of our performance and our long-term relationship. Some of these clients we won are existing clients with other products, so they did some form of RFPs. And because of our performance and our position, we won. On the retail side, I do believe some of it is rotation into BlackRock and so -- and I believe it's just the beginning, very strongly.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then maybe this is a question for Rob on the alternative business. I'm particularly interested on outside the U.S. just in terms of -- it looks like, this quarter, you saw an uptick in inflows and alternatives first quarter, and several that you've seen inflows there. Maybe you could give us an update on sort of the retail build out of alternatives and sort of what you expect for that business?
Robert S. Kapito: So we're very bullish on providing alternative investments to the retail investor. And it's all been about providing the appropriate wrapper in order for the retail investors to get involved in the -- in that area. So we have the alternative investments. And as you know, for a period of time, people have been separating alpha and beta, and getting their beta from passive and iShares, and their alpha from more alternative investments. And we've had those products and have been able to do that allocation for institutional clients. And what held us up on retail is providing the wrapper for them. Now within the 40 Act companies in the U.S. and also in outside the U.S., we have the wrappers and have been very successful in finding investors to go into those. Unfortunately, we have track records in those products, as well, that are long term. So it's pretty -- I think it's going to be pretty exciting to watch, especially in the long/short credit, where we have significant expertise and the track records. And in this particular environment, that gives people a lot more opportunity for yield, which is what they're looking for. So this will help us provide the retail investor with the same alpha/beta separation as we're doing the institutional, and I would look for significant increased sales in those particular areas because it make sense for the client.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would add one other thing, Marc, our single strategy hedge fund have done quite well in terms of performance. And our objective, just like building our brand in retail, we are aggressively trying to build our brand in alternative space, too. And that's going to be an important component of our future growth that we identified, not just as a passive manager in an active equity and fixed income, but we're identified as a strong solution for alternative needs. And importantly, we have a very big forward calendar in terms of commitments in our illiquid products. So we are -- we're seeing more and more dialogue with our investors in the alternative space. Rob talked about the retail side, but the institutional side is quite robust, too.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I was just going to ask along those lines. I know the pipeline is something you guys don't necessarily disclose much, but could you give some -- maybe some color on sort of what the composition of the pipeline would look like across the firm?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I just got kicked by my General Counsel. We've determined that it's just -- we don't talk about that forward, or about our forward calendar anymore or forward commitment, but we're fine. But on the -- I'll leave it at that, I'm being kicked again.
Operator: This concludes our teleconference, Mr. Fink, do you have any final remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I just want to thank everybody for the commitment they have. This was a truly differentiated quarter for us. I'm very happy with the results, especially with all the debates that are going on in Washington. And as I said in my formal comments, I think we're very well positioned due to the platform that is unparalleled in terms of active, passive platforms with our overlay of risk management, and that continue to drive these unique dialogues that we have with our clients. And I look forward to talking to everybody after the fourth quarter. And hopefully, everyone has a very good end of the year.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Gary S. Shedlin - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Mark K. Wiedman - Global Head of Ishares and Managing Director
Analysts: Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Susan, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary Shedlin; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow, and I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me point out that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements, and we call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you all are aware, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today on the call. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I will get out of the way and let the call begin. Gary?
Gary S. Shedlin: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to be here to present our second quarter results for the first time as CFO of BlackRock. Today, I'll provide some opening comments on our financial performance and also reference selected pages from our earnings supplement, which has been posted on the BlackRock Investor Relations website. I'll be discussing primarily as-adjusted results. These results exclude, among other items, the financial impact of a significant Charitable Contribution in the second quarter, which I will review in more detail shortly. Finally, I'll outline some changes we've made to our earnings release to improve transparency and facilitate a better understanding of the drivers of our business. As I discussed at Investor Day a few weeks ago, we're focused on 3 key drivers of shareholder value: organic growth, operating leverage and capital management. Despite some market volatility over the last 6 weeks of the quarter, we delivered on each of these drivers, resulting in a strong quarter and continued earnings growth. We generated second quarter earnings per share of $4.15, up 34% compared to 2012. Operating income was $982 million, 18% higher than a year ago, reflecting record base fees in the quarter and continued margin improvement. Non-operating results reflected a $22 million increase in the market value of our seed and co-investments, as well as a $39 million noncash pretax gain relating to the PennyMac IPO, which we disclosed in our first quarter 10-Q. The second quarter as-adjusted tax rate was 27.3%. During the quarter, we benefited from a number of discrete tax items totaling approximately $29 million, which were primarily attributable to the realization of loss carryforwards. For planning purposes, we continue to believe that 31% is an appropriate run rate based on what we know today. Underpinning our results was continued organic growth, which we achieved despite a challenging market. In the second quarter, we generated approximately $12 billion of net new long-term flows. As Larry will discuss in more detail, these flows continued to demonstrate the diversity of our multi-client platform as our retail and institutional channels drove our organic growth this quarter, offsetting the outflows experienced in our iShares business during the month of June. Despite the fact that organic growth for the quarter was below our stated target, we've generated approximately $130 billion of adjusted net new long-term business over the past 12 months, representing a 4% organic growth rate. Because 83% of these net flows were generated by our retail and iShares channels, our organic revenue growth was even higher, as these channels have higher effective fee rates compared to the firm's overall average fee rate. As you can see on Page 10 in the supplement, second quarter revenues were $2.48 billion, up $253 million or 11% from a year ago. Base fees reached record levels on the back of historically strong markets and organic growth. We experienced year-over-year base fee growth across all traditional long-dated asset classes. In the second quarter, we continued to experience strong performance across a number of our single strategy hedge funds, contributing to a significant year-over-year increase in performance fees. Lower performance fees versus the first quarter were a result of seasonal factors. Given recent market volatility and the majority of funds that lock in the second half of the year, we will continue to update you on performance throughout the year. Our BlackRock Solutions franchise continued to benefit from robust activity. Revenues in the second quarter were $138 million, up $7 million compared to 2012. Our Aladdin business benefited from continued trends favoring global investment platform consolidation and clients seeking multi-asset risk solutions, while our FMA business saw momentum from ongoing regulatory change, especially in Europe. The Aladdin pipeline remains strong, especially driven by demand from asset managers. And while year-over-year results were impacted by the timing and recognition of certain fees, we continue to expect mid-teens growth rates for the business. Securities lending revenue grew 21% versus the first quarter led by seasonal demand, but declined on a year-over-year basis as a result of spread compression. Turning to Page 12 of the supplement. Expenses were up $103 million year-over-year driven primarily by revenue-related items, including direct fund expense and compensation. This was a 7% increase from a year ago compared to an 11% increase in revenue over the same period, and resulted in an operating margin of 41.3%, 210 basis points higher from a year ago. We continue to believe that scale is a critically -- is critically important to our business, and we see scale advantages in a number of areas: growing our passive business, leveraging our brand spend, offsetting technology cost to our Aladdin business and absorbing the increased cost of regulation and compliance. In particular, as we indicated last quarter, we'll continue to invest in our brand, especially when there is an opportunity to deliver important messages at a time when messages will have the most meaningful impact. As such, we increased our brand spend in the second quarter to levels more consistent with the year-ago quarter. We still expect our full-year brand investment to be in line with 2012 levels. Our margin has recently benefited from positive mix shift and rising global market levels. However, in the last 6 weeks of the quarter, we witnessed outflows in certain high-margin products and the decline in market levels. As we emphasized during Investor Day, we remain committed to dual objectives: running the firm as efficiently as possible, while also investing for future growth. While our margin will fluctuate as a function of mix shift and data, we remain confident that we can maintain minimum margins of 40% and stable market conditions. We remain committed to using our cash flow to optimize shareholder value with the first priority to invest in our business. In May, we announced the acquisition of MGPA, a private equity real estate investment advisory company. This deal will double the size of our real estate advisory business and extend its reach to Asia Pac and EMEA. The acquisition will not be material to earnings per share and is expected to close in the third quarter, subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions. Though not included in the current quarter, on July 1, we completed the acquisition of Crédit Suisse's ETF business with assets under management of $16 billion. This acquisition will extend our footprint in the Swiss market and bring a broader range of opportunities to Swiss investors through our iShares platforms, while also adding an array of complementary products to serve our clients across Europe. Our capital management policy remains consistent. We repurchased approximately $250 million of shares in the second quarter, matching the value of shares we repurchased in the first quarter. As we have previously stated in the current environment, we would expect to continue this level of repurchase for the remainder of the year. Before I turn it over to Larry, I want to address the impact of PennyMac on our quarter results and some changes to our earnings release. Between 2008 and 2012, BlackRock made a series of investment in PennyMac, a leading national mortgage lender and servicer. In May, PennyMac completed an initial public offering. BlackRock was not a seller in the IPO. However, as a result of the IPO, we recorded a noncash, non-operating pretax gain of $39 million related to the carrying value of our equity method investment, which is included in our as-adjusted results. As Larry will discuss more fully, subsequent to the IPO in June, BlackRock made a Charitable Contribution of approximately 6 million units of our PennyMac investment to a new Donor Advised Fund. The fair value of this contribution was $124 million and is included in G&A expense on our GAAP income statement. In connection with the Charitable Contribution, we also recognized an additional noncash, non-operating gain of $80 million, and recorded a net tax benefit of $57 million. Among other items, the financial impact of the entire Charitable Contribution has been excluded from as-adjusted results. Page 28 of the earnings supplement details the financial impact of both the PennyMac IPO and related Charitable Contribution. Going forward, BlackRock will continue to account for our remaining 20% PennyMac holding as an equity method investment. Finally, as some of you may have noticed, we have made some changes to our earnings release. Given the diverse nature of our multi-client platform, we feel that our AUM inflows are best viewed and analyzed through a comprehensive lense. With that in mind, we have added incremented AUM disclosures by client and product in order to provide greater transparency on our business drivers, including the addition of average AUM data based on relative month-end averages. Given this additional disclosure, we have also decided to discontinue the reporting of our net new business institutional pipeline. This decision is not meant to signal any change in the outlook for our institutional business. In fact, our pipeline at July 11 was $49.3 billion, up $13.9 billion from April 11, with a mix of business largely in line with prior quarters. We trust these changes will facilitate a better understanding of our overall business. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Gary, and thanks for joining, everyone -- us today on this call. But before we start, I'd like to reiterate how excited I am to have Gary on board. He's been a close partner of mine and adviser to BlackRock for many years, and it's great to have him as a full-time member of our team. Let me begin with a little market context. What started out as a relatively steady first 2 months of the quarter for markets took a turn in late May following a series of global events, all within a concentrated period of time. The Fed's comments on May 22, suggesting a change in narrative, a change in the idea of tapering their bond purchasing program led to markets aggressively selling off to the long end of the curve. What we witnessed to see also is a rapid sell-off from leveraged investment products. The same time, growing uncertainty surrounding Japanese policy makers going all-in on our stimulus efforts, triggered approximately a 20% 3-week sell-off in the Nikkei after a very large run-up. And finally, continuing market worries about Chinese growth and emerging market capital flows sparked a downturn in emerging markets. These events drove a material uptick in market volatility, and we saw different types of investor react in different ways, highlighting the stability of BlackRock's multi-client platform. In fact, we saw very little in the ways of changes from our largest institutional clients as we remain committed to their long-term investment objectives. We did see a market change in trading-oriented investor behavior, particularly with respect to long-duration fixed income and emerging market equity exposure, as those clients used liquidity in our iShares products to reposition their portfolios. Many of these macro and policy concerns that attracted attention in the markets remain, along with the ongoing political uncertainty of the Middle East, are likely to continue to drive global capital market volatility. However, I remain just as constructive on a long-term upside of the U.S. equities as I have been over the last 2 years. We've spoken frequently about the benefits of our diversified business model at BlackRock, and we saw strong evidence of that again this quarter. Generated record long-term base fees of $2.1 billion and long-term net inflows of approximately $12 billion, taking our flows to $51.4 billion year-to-date. We benefited from the diversity of the client segments we serve, the diversity of our product set and the diversity of the geographies in which we operate. During the quarter, we had 11 funds across retail, and iShares generated more than $1 billion in flows. These funds did not include our traditional growth engines, Global Al and Equity Dividend, which I believe showcases BlackRock's highly scalable product breadth, which -- with representation across all major classes, client segments and importantly, geographies. In recent quarters, iShares delivered a substantial portion of BlackRock's overall organic growth. This quarter, it was our Retail and Institutional businesses driving growth and offsetting iShares' outflows. Positive net flows in the quarter were led by multi-asset products, unconstrained fixed income and retail alternatives, 3 key areas of focus where we've been investing to building market-leading position. Our flows also reflect the benefit of our broad platform and BlackRock's global reach, with positive contributions from both our active and passive franchises and strong flows in our EMEA and Asia Pacific regions. Before I walk through the results, I'd like to take a minute to discuss the macro trend that has been a key driver of flows at BlackRock, and I think will continue to drive BlackRock's upcoming quarters. This is about the growth -- Great Rotation. The Great Rotation in equities has been much discussed. We are seeing a rotation at BlackRock, but it's not from fixed income into equities, it's a rotation within fixed income. Over the past several quarters, we've been warning our clients about the asymmetric risk in their fixed income portfolios. The 30-year bull market, which I was witnessing through my career, in fixed income products has meant that more than a generation of investors had never seen the losses in their fixed income portfolios. In the past few months, obviously, that's started to change. 10-year yield spiked more than 100 basis points from the lows of early May through the first week of July, and the Barclays Aggregate Bond Index fell nearly 5% during the same period. There is a Great Rotation. We believe, it's going to be out of core Barclays Aggregate-type products, the types of products that have been benefiting from duration extension in the past but are now sources of increased risk. We expect to see flows moving into more flexible, nontraditional fixed income products. Industry flows into flexible bond products across the industry has increased sevenfold year-to-date versus the same period last year, while flows in more traditional bond categories has fallen as great as 80%. We built BlackRock on our reputation in fixed income. We let that performance get away from us in 2008. And we spent a great deal of time on rebuilding that -- the performance platform at BlackRock. And we fixed the business over the past few years, and I'm proud to say that we're well positioned today in fixed income space, more than we've ever been, and we're now ahead of most of our competitors. As of the end of June, we're outperforming in a number of key fixed income areas. We've seen strong recent outperformance in our Total Return Fund, which is a top decile for the 1-year period, and should prove to have a better defensive position relative to our peers. Our Low Duration Bond Fund is a top quartile for a 3-year period of time is in the sweet spot for yield-starved investors searching for some strong performance with minimum duration risk. And perhaps, most importantly, our unconstrained Strategic Income Opportunity fund, or SIO, is in the top quartile for 1- and 3-year period. SIO is designed to provide yield, capital return and downside protection in diverse interest rate environments. They took in more than $1.6 billion in the quarter, now has -- for $6 billion in assets. We're very encouraged by the retail adoption of this product. As we introduced the fund outside the U.S. and to institutional investors, SIO is well positioned to be one of BlackRock's largest and most important products in the coming years. So across the board, we're well positioned to benefit from the changes in fixed income. We've developed strong offerings across unconstrained, across floating rate, alternatives and multi-asset categories. For example, this quarter, we launched the Asia Floating Rate Income Fund, which is designed to protect against rising rates, and we saw more than $300 million inflows. In the alternative space, we saw $1.1 billion of U.S. retail flows in our Global Long/Short Credit Mutual Fund, a product designed to eliminate interest rate risk and provide credit-driven solutions. Our Multi-Asset Income Fund, or MIA -- MAI, has been a strong fixed income substitute. It's 5-star, go-anywhere income solution that continues to see strong momentum, taking in more than $1 billion for the second consecutive quarter. As investors begin to more fully appreciate the risk in their fixed income portfolios, we have the solutions our clients need, we're well positioned to reap the benefits of the rotation within fixed income. The types of outcome-oriented solutions I just discussed have been a key driver in our retail and institutional client businesses, which generated healthy flows despite the challenging investment landscape. In retail, our diversified platform continues to deliver result. This quarter, we generated $5.1 billion in net inflows, with key themes of income, alternatives and outcome-oriented solutions, driving positive results across all geographies. U.S. retail and high net worth had long-term net inflows in the second quarter of $3.5 billion. I just mentioned SIO, MAI and our Global Long/Short Credit Fund, all which netted north of $1 billion in net flows in the quarter. Alternatives are rapidly moving into the mainstream as the funds we launched in the past 2 years have more than $2.5 billion in AUM, having raised $1.1 billion in our second quarter. During the quarter, we also launched the Emerging Market Allocation Fund, an innovative actively managed product, leveraging our 12 separate emerging market teams that create product breadth that few, if any, of our competitors can match. International retail, we saw long-term net inflows of $1.6 billion, reflecting global consistency in targeted growth areas, including strong multi-asset, fixed income and alternative flows. Multi-asset net inflows demonstrated increasing interest in our Global Allocation, Managed Volatility and Dynamic Asset Allocation offerings, as retail investors look for us, at BlackRock, to provide them solutions to address the market volatility. Let me turn to fundamental equities. It still is a mixed story. However, we're pleased with the strong start we're starting to -- we're seeing in some of our new managers in U.S., fundamental equities and across the board. And our Basic Value Fund, a great example of the turnaround, over 275 basis points of outperformance in the past 6 months. Our European equities continue to strengthen, led by our top-decile performing -- performance across a number of our funds, including our euro market fund, offset by outflows and our natural resources where we had a dominant position and remain to be dominant, but where we're seeing outflows in commodity-like type products. And we saw outflows in our U.K. equities. What I'm particularly pleased -- being set up when we see a refreshed inflows, and that is in our Emerging Market equities. One of our new managers, has been with us close to 2 years now, is Andrew Swan, who continues to outperform, beating his benchmark by more than 300 basis points year-to-date. Our Global Allocation fund, which has performed very, very well while managing risk exposure, for the last rolling 12 months, it earned over a 12% return to our investors. Let me turn to institutional, where we generated $7.8 billion in long-term net new business. Flows are driven largely by a combination of continued shift to passive and demand for multi-asset solutions. The tone of our conversation with institutional clients remained positive, as evidenced by clients adding to positions amidst all this market volatility. This also speaks very loudly how our clients are looking for BlackRock for helping them to provide solutions. And in that sense, we are seeing bar belling that continues to be a dominant theme, with large, strategic clients investing in both equity and fixed income index mandates alongside alternative solutions to achieve uncorrelated returns. Institutional active products saw positive flows for the first time in 8 quarters, with $1.3 billion in net inflows. Strong multi-asset flows offset fundamental equities and active currency challenges. We benefited from our proactive plan dialogue around regulatory changes, as implementation of RDR-like regulation in Europe drove a large, highly customized multi-asset strategy, an advisory win for the quarter. We expect to see more types of opportunity working alongside our distribution partners as they try to respond to RDR, and we believe we will see more sub-advisory type of relationships as that continues. Once again, our key growth subsegments, specifically defined contributions and official institutions, continue to be strong contributors. We generated $4 billion in our target date LifePath product in the quarter, with now nets over $7 billion in new flows. We also saw more than $6 billion of flows from official institutions, primarily into path of equity mandates. We continue to evaluate ways to connect our products and clients for the overlay of risk management through BlackRock Solutions at our Aladdin platform. Our Aladdin business continues to grow with multiple successful implementations and an expanding client base, much of which is in global in nature. As Gary mentioned, we continue to expect mid-teen revenue growth in our Aladdin business. We signed a record number of advisory assignments in Q2, and we continue to see opportunities to have clients use Aladdin, especially now with the new regulatory environment we're all living in. We also announced that during the quarter, the alliance with MarketAxess, which will allow our clients to tap into a deeper liquidity pool for U.S. credit from the Aladdin platform. We remain well positioned across BlackRock Solutions and our financial advisory business continues to showcase the differentiated and strong multi-client platform. We were recently retained in 2 new assignments that speak to our unique analytical capabilities. The first is the assignment on behalf of Her Majesty's Treasury to provide advice on Royal Bank of Scotland; and the second is a significant country-wide banking diagnostics. We are proud to be a trusted adviser for global leaders when they face -- faced with issues involving significant financial complexities. And we also work very closely with all the regulators related to the implementation in terms of new focuses on risk management leverage ratios. And we believe with this greater and greater scrutiny, more and more clients are going to be looking for Aladdin as a source of risk management tools. Now let me turn to iShares. As what Mark Wiedman, who runs our iShares business, told you at Investor Day, iShares are used in both as an investment vehicle, but also it's used as an exposure tool by our clients. Amidst market volatility in June, we saw clients again turn to iShares to express their views, in this case, on emerging markets and long-duration fixed income. In the 3 weeks following May 22, clients redeemed nearly $15 billion in iShares. The ability to exit quickly, the ability to exit efficiently and in bulk, is part and parcel of our value proposition to an important client segment, a trading-oriented investors. These investors prefer iShares as the broadest, most liquid suite of ETFs. They use iShares when they want to take on fresh risk, as they did earlier in the year and the fourth quarter of 2012, and when they want to exit, as they did following the Fed comments on tapering. The consequences is that our quarterly flows and our flow market share will be volatile. Since quarter end, the flows have reversed, with more than $6 billion of inflows through yesterday and more than $30 billion of net flows year-to-date. In fact, despite the volatility we saw in June, we are running at the same rate of growth as we did last year, as last year, we saw a summer swoon in our ETF market. So we love our position in our business and we expect this as the same type of future. But importantly, we look to longer horizons. Over quarters and years, our market share of assets have been stable, and in 2012, for instance, we grew in line with a global industry with 27% AUM growth and a 14% organic growth. The flows in the second quarter reflect the fact that iShares delivered the liquid market exposure that our clients' expect. This is true even in the products that experienced the most selling pressure, including emerging market equities and fixed income ETFs. EEM, our flagship emerging market fund, traded a record $5 billion in a day, all in the secondary market without any creations or redemptions. Similarly, for the first time, we saw a $1 billion plus trading [ph] day in our leading U.S. corporate ETF like HYG and LQD. So overall, our product performed in a challenging period, but we welcome continued dialogue around the mechanics of ETFs. We are constantly working with market makers and exchanges to ensure that ETFs are working appropriately. As the market leader in the industry, we believe we have a responsibility to lead the charge on market practices and investor education, not just with respect to iShares but in the ETF market globally at large. Turning to the business results for global iShares, we ended the quarter with $1 billion in net inflows. We've seen a healthy start in the third quarter with $6.2 billion in net inflows through July 16. iShares base fees of $723 million represents a 21% year-over-year increase. Fixed income outflows was $1.5 billion, driven a rotation out of the long-duration fixed income. We also experienced outflows in our commodity-like products of $2.2 billion, in line with the macro pressures in that segment. Equity net inflows in our ETF products was $2.7 billion, showcasing the breadth of our offerings, as outflows in emerging market products were offset across the franchise. A key driver in our new flows was our minimum volatility equity suite where we saw -- launched a new marketing campaign during the quarter. This set of products offers investors equity exposure with flatter peaks and valleys. It's an innovative solution that we developed in-house, and we raised more than $7.6 billion since the launch of this product only 2 years ago. Let me just also add, regionally, iShares results were supported by strength in Europe and Latin America, offsetting the weakness I talked about in the United States. EMEA iShares retained its leading position with $2.5 billion in net inflows. Flows were led by equities with $2.2 billion in net inflows. We actually had our 25th consecutive month of positive ETF fixed income flows in India. Overall, we remain very pleased with the direction of our iShares business. However, we must remain aggressive in pursuing new opportunities through both product innovation and tapping into new market segments. Let me give you 3 examples. First, we launched -- we recently launched our fixed income iSharesBonds series targeted towards traditional fixed income investors. Second, we launched our Core Series products, which we designed for the buy and hold segment, and we delivered $3.6 billion of net positive flows in the quarter. And third, last quarter, we announced our long-term strategic alliance with Fidelity to provide access to iShares in the self-directed segment. And that partnership is off to a great, great start. In summary, iShares provide solutions both for investors focused on liquidity and those looking to build long-term portfolios using beta products. We believe that we continue to be in a secular bull market for ETFs, and that as a market leader, we will both drive the growth and benefit from the growth of the market. I'll wrap up my comments with a few other significant events that occurred during the quarter. Our brand campaign continues to drive increased awareness and recognition, and we backed that up with targeted marketing towards our key investor segments and products. We're helping our clients to answer the question to what to do with their money, and we're focusing their attention on the solutions they need to be successful in the current investing environment. We're also trying to remind our clients that their objectives is, in most cases, about retirement. And the noise we saw in the last 6 weeks truly has little consequences in terms of their long-term objective needs. And as I said earlier, we have not seen investor behavior change by what I call our traditional long-term clients. And I think our ad campaign is helping our clients understand that we need to be focused not on the noise of the day but on the objectives over a long cycle. As Gary discussed, during the quarter, we used a portion of our ownership stake in PennyMac to fund a philanthropic entity by seeding the Donor Advised Fund. As a leader in our community, as a leader in the industry, we're committed to be -- to the well-being of our communities where we live and work. This new charitable initiative will deepen our commitment to public responsibility that has always been fundamental to our business. We expect the fund to be operational in early 2014 and it will be a cornerstone of BlackRock's philanthropic efforts, including, among other things, helping to promote financial education for low-income families and individuals. I'd like to personally congratulate and thank Stan Kurland and the entire PennyMac team for the work they've done in building that business and creating value that will benefit BlackRock shareholders for the years to come. Finally, in June, we hosted our Inaugural Investor Day. Our goal was to provide more exposure to the depth and talent of our team and provide a deeper dive into the growth prospects for the firm. I've been fortunate to be surrounded by a talented and dedicated global team for many years, and that team is a key driver of our performance and growth. As a result, as this quarter shows, even in periods of volatility, we have a platform designed to deliver for both clients and shareholders. We are well positioned to benefit from long-term market trends, including the rotation within fixed income space with our unconstrained alternatives and multi-asset offerings, as well as a continued shift to passive in the use of beta products to generate alpha with our iShares business. We will continue to strive to stay ahead of secular changes and put our clients in a position to meet their investment goals. We have an exciting opportunity in front of us to execute on the growth plan we laid out a few weeks ago. I believe that growth plan is intact, and I believe we will continue to drive the types of rates we discussed in much more detail during Investor Day. I would like to thank everybody in all the hard work for all the employees. And with that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Larry, just one question on the fixed income business. You gave a lot of detail. Just in terms of BlackRock, how you guys are setup from a fixed income product mix, what's your offering when you look at the mix of, say, like the core products versus the -- what you characterize as either the alternative or the flex products? And then also just from like a fee perspective. If we continue to see more of that shift over time, what tends to be the fee rate in those products versus some of the more core products?
Laurence Douglas Fink: On the unconstrained type of product, the margins are -- or the fees are higher than our core products, but I won't say dramatically higher. And as we see more and more growth in that, obviously, we'll look to change that. But right now, the fees are higher than our core products. And as I said for the -- our 1- and 3-year period of time after fees, we've outperformed our peers in that. So that's one positive thing. We're going to have a lot of clients who are not going to be able to move out of core. And we still -- we have great performance in our core offerings also. It is my view that more clients should be moving more towards more the unconstrained type of products, and I do believe you're going to see more and more investors move in that. Let me just also add, 2/3 of our fixed income assets are held by institutional clients, and they're generally slower in terms of movement. But I do believe that the dialogues we're having, more and more institutional clients are asking the question, how should they be looking at their fixed income portfolio. As I said in my prepared speeches, we had a 30-year bull market, people were very accustomed and very convinced that having their assets in a core product was a foundational component of their fixed income allocation. I think that is being -- that will change over time. I think we'll be a big beneficiary of that change. But as I said, institutions are slow to adapt. They have to work with the consultants, and I don't mean that in a negative way. They take -- they have to act as a fiduciary, making sure they're -- they need to make sure they're meeting the needs as a fiduciary. But importantly also, many of our fixed income investors, whether they're insurance companies or other types of organization, they are looking to match their assets to their liabilities. And so a lot of fixed income investing is liability-based investing. And those types of investors, you're not -- they're going to be -- they're not unhappy with rising rates if their liabilities are moving alongside with that. So that's why we're here to say there's going to be a rotation, but it -- and it could be large in some segments of fixed income owners and in some segments, it is going to be much less.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned some of the volatility in May and June and how the ETFs performed. Just on the fixed income side, you mentioned the relationship with MarketAxess, you guys announced something with TradeWeb. Just during that same period of time in May and June, just given the regulations, dealers holding less inventory, any insight in terms of, as a big fixed income player, how the markets performed? And based on those relationships, what you guys are trying to do longer term?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Sure. That's not related to iShares. I mean, but one thing is very clear, that people are using -- I think one of the big trends that I think even surprise me, many investors use iShares in fixed income for beta exposure. Sometimes some investors used to use some form of derivatives and swaps and other forms of options, now they're using ETFs. So that's one of the things that was designed. There was no question during, I guess, those few moments during late June. There were periods of pretty poor liquidity in the fixed income markets, especially in credit. I'm not particularly alarmed about this. I think the Street has done a very good job to try to manage their balance sheet issues, managing their leverage ratio issues, managing their capital issues. We, as long-term investors, are going to have to deal with this. This is why, I believe, more and more fixed income will be traded on electronic platforms in the coming years, and I think we'll find a new source of liquidity. But in the short run, there are bouts of illiquidity, that's the entire market. And I just want to underscore the cash part of the market, the ETF component of the market, I mean, we saw periods of time of illiquidity. But as I reflect now in less -- in more calm periods today, what I'm particularly surprised at how well the exchanges and the market participants of fixed income ETFs performed. As I said, we saw $1 billion of flows in one day, the creates and redeems worked very well. There was periods of time during the day where there were appearances of discounts, but all that was, was a indication of where the cash market was going. And obviously, there is many cases in which, in global bonds, where markets were closed overseas and the ETF market from that close looked like a discount, but it was really telegraphing where the markets were going to go the next morning. And so we were -- I mean, we were very pleased with how they performed. Nevertheless, as the market leader, we are doing whatever we can to assure as great a market liquidity as possible. It is our responsibility to educate and to inform to making sure that we have a more liquid market. But the overall fixed income market is going through this evolutionary change now as Wall Street is relying less on balance sheet, spending much more time on flow. They're dealing -- they're developing their own electronic trading platforms, MarketAxess is another one. And as long-term investors, this is something we're all going to have to live with and adapt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just following up on fixed income allocations from institutions, just in terms of going from maybe core to non-core products, how are fixed income ETFs playing into those discussions? And just following on, on some of the discussions around the -- what sounds like sort of market dislocations, if you will, that were temporary versus sort of tracking our long-term for fixed income. Maybe you could talk about sort of the market share opportunity?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Mark Wiedman's here, and he's going to be able to answer that question in a lot more granularity than I can. So Mark, why don't you answer that?
Mark K. Wiedman: Marc, there are 2 things, I think, implicit in your question. Let me address them separately. The first is about growing adoption by what I would call fixed income specialists of fixed income ETFs. So historically, the users of fixed income ETFs have been wealth managers and asset allocators. I call them generalist investors. And that's where the bulk even today of our fixed income ETF holdings are. What's the big transformation that's occurring is we're seeing fixed income specialists who control, I don't know, 98%, 99% of the global fixed income assets, actually starting to use fixed income ETFs in their portfolios. For liquidity purposes, they're using them for tactical positioning. It's our aspiration with the iSharesBond launch that we actually penetrate beyond the tactical position into longer buy-and-hold segments, whether they'd be an insurance, or bank, or corporate balance sheet, or individuals around the world. So that's the broad trend, and we see it every day. It gets a bit masked when you see people flowing out of an asset class because it looks like they're exiting the ETF. What they're doing is using the ETF, and again, those tactical traders, for the exact purpose for which they bought it, which is the ability to get out quickly when they want to. The second question you're addressing is the -- I think, Larry used the appearance, I think that's the right word of a gap between the underlying and the ETF price. And I think the issue here is volatility you can see versus volatility you can't. What ETFs do is they shine a light on intraday volatility in the underlying asset class, the cash market, the underlying securities. And so an optical gap can open up in the short term versus net asset value, which is the industry convention by which, for example, even ETFs report the value. But it's important to understand that's because the NAV depends on historical pricing. It's a disciplined conservative tool for valuing securities at the last known transaction price. The problem is in fast-moving markets, those prices go stale. So if you're talking about, let's take the example of overnight equities, emerging market equities or Japanese equities, for example. The ETFs will keep repricing based on news during the day. And we've seen this historically in 2011 after the nuclear disaster in Japan, we saw it recently with the sell-off in Japan, that our leading ETFs for Japan, EWJ, keeps trading as if it's a continuous market with the Nikkei in Tokyo. So that's the first part. The second thing is on the bonds, is understand that the prices in the NAV are recorded at historical last transaction. What that means is that, for example, in our high-yield ETF, the leading one, HYG, 30% of the underlying securities are priced at a security -- at NAVs 3 months or more old, 30% of those prices are 3 months or more old. That's the industry convention, it's how we price our ETFs for disciplined conservative valuation practices. But it creates optical illusions versus the underlying cash markets, because there are securities in which there actually just haven't been transactions. So that's the basic issue. We believe our securities have performed -- actually, our ETFs in particularly high-yield and emerging market performed better than they ever have. And that's why our clients are actually happy to be using them and that's why we're happy to be -- that's our key takeaway.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if you can just give some color on your EM -- on active EM business both in equity and debt. Obviously, we saw -- we've seen a pretty good bout of volatility here. Are you sensing or seeing from your clients any change in thinking about being active in EM versus passive in their allocations toward EM?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No, I think that those are who are -- a core group of our investors believe that active management EM is part of their core philosophy, and this is why we've been so aggressive in building our EM fixed income team and our EM equity team. And EM and also, as I suggested, our EM alternatives. What we did, we have a $500 million win in our EM fixed income team. This is on the active side. As I talked about Andrew Swan in terms of his outperformance in a component of that. But there are another core group of investors, and some of them, official institutions. They're investing in EM principally through a beta product. And so our job, as I've said for many quarters, is to provide an active solution and a beta solution. But Marc, I have not seen any dramatic shift out of beta into active or vice versa. I think those who are -- who believe in active will continue to invest in active, and those who believe in -- who want exposure and they're not as concerned about excess performance they're going to go into beta.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just, Larry, on the active equity business, the flow trends, they look like they decelerate or improved sequentially a little bit. How much of the improvement is sort of redemptions slowing versus wins in active equity? Are you seeing sort of the end of the bout of redemptions, or is it gross sales are picking up or...
Laurence Douglas Fink: I think a lot of the redemptions are the component of when we transition our managers, we expect large outflows. And so some of -- so obviously, that's behind us. Our investors are starting to see the positive turnaround. We have probably more dialogue than ever before. Some of our trends, we are seeing continued flows in European equities where we have a 5-, 3- and 1-year track record that's in top quartile. And so we're -- so some of it is a combination of both. But the other thing that we're seeing -- we continue to see more and more interest in multi-assets where clients are looking for equity exposure but in a more of a multi-asset type of strategy where you could navigate around. So -- and the other thing is it's undeniable, our scientific active equity team has had great results. I expected to start seeing more inflows, but we're not seeing any outflows as you suggested. So I think it's fair to say our -- the outflow drag is probably behind us, and now it's opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Quick question, just going back to the capital management, really on the debt side. I'm just curious, how are you thinking about managing kind of the debt side of the ledger? I mean, I think you had around $750 million of some notes that matured. I mean, should we expect that the objective is to kind of chip away at outstanding debt over time as part of the capital management strategy?
Gary S. Shedlin: Rob, it's Gary. So our next maturity is in December, so we're basically a little more than a year away from that, and that's about $1 billion. So we're obviously monitoring. There's the constant tradeoff -- I'd say there's 2 trade-offs. One is basically trying to basically get a feel for, obviously, where we think rates are going to go and spreads over the next 16 months, so we're going to be very mindful of that. But we're also mindful of the negative carry. So we're going to try and balance base -- both of those items in terms of trying to have an outlook and understand the negative carry. But we're certainly not going to play that too cute. So whether it's next month or it's 6 to 8 months from now, that remains to be seen based on our continued analysis, but we're very mindful of it.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I know you don't -- you guys didn't provide the balance sheet, but -- and I could be mistaken. I guess, I thought you may have some floating rate notes that matured back in April or May, and I'm just kind of curious how you...
Gary S. Shedlin: Those were pre-refinanced last year at the time of the Barclays buyback.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Another follow-up question on Aladdin. Just want to make sure I understand how some of the new business flows. You talked about having pretty strong pipeline and expecting double-digit growth there. Am I right in assuming that there's some upfront costs as you bring on those mandates so that maybe it takes a while for profitability on the new mandates to flow through in that. With that, and given the strong growth you've had there in the last couple of years, should we really be expecting maybe some acceleration over the coming year or so in the Aladdin's growth?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, as we said, both Gary and I said, we expect double-digit revenue growth. Obviously, it's lumpier. So over course of the year, we expect that. We've signed 5 new mandates in the first quarter and 5 new mandates in the second quarter. We have never seen this type of volume. And we are about to sign one of the largest mandates we've ever had. As I said, more and more institutions are looking to take on Aladdin as their risk management solution. And this is asset managers, this is official institutions, insurance companies, and so we continue to see huge upside and opportunity to build Aladdin. We crossed about another $14 trillion mark in terms of assets that we are now analyzing risk on behalf of our clients. It continues to be an industry leader. And I believe as an industry leader, because of the increased regulatory issues that we all have to face, having a risk system that is across product, that encapsulates regional issues, regional differences, compliance issues, it allows investors, especially the more regulated investors, to deal with the regulatory compliance in a far better way that they would have otherwise. Especially in Europe, as you have each country now adapting regulatory issues a little differently. And so the regulatory issues that we are all facing, BlackRock included, is enormous. And if we did not have at BlackRock -- I'm going to speak for ourselves for a second, if we did not have a monoline platform of risk management, risk understanding, a monoline platform of -- in terms of trade entry, trade discovery, inventory management, we would have far more difficulties. And I think one of the reasons why we continue to have better than industry average in margins has been because of having this technology in face of all the regulatory added needs that we have to face. Our competitors who are asset managers, obviously, have the same issues. They are now becoming our clients. They are faced the same issues, and they're trying to achieve the same type of simplicity and operating structure that we have at BlackRock, and we're happy to make them our clients.
Gary S. Shedlin: And Rob, I would just add, just specifically that the year-over-year comparison in terms of it being up 5%, I think was your question, is definitely the result of timing and recognition of renewals and implementation fees. So there's no question there's some timing issues in there. And to Larry's point on the pipeline, I'd say the one really very good piece of news is while we're adding -- we added 5 clients in the first quarter and 5 new clients in the second quarter, the run rate of revenues for that group of clients is increasing fairly dramatically. And in fact, in the pipeline, as Larry mentioned, the run rate of those new clients is even greater than the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In terms of the money market forum [ph], you didn't really talk -- you touched on it. I know you covered it at the Analyst Day recently, but there's been a little bit more movement maybe by the IRS, and I'm just curious, what's been the feedback from your client base as they've had a chance to ruminate a little bit on some of the proposed change by the SEC, and what might be the behavior around any of these changes?
Laurence Douglas Fink: As I said during the Investor Day, I don't think we're going to see that much change. I think this has been so well telegraphed. If we get the IRS changes as you suggested, we need to deal well with [ph] changes. That's something that's going to be very important. So if we get these changes, which I think are coming forth, we have been working very closely with the regulators. As they finalize this, they've asked for our input as they've asked for other people's input. We've been -- we're providing input to the regulators from input that we have had from our clients. As I said, this is so well telegraphed. We're going to have some clients who are going to have to move probably close -- more to the government-oriented funds because they require some form of guarantee, some sort of backstop, or they -- and they have to have a constant NAV. Some clients are going to be able to adapt to have a floating NAV. And the reality is, Bill, because we publish every day, now, what our NAV is, it really has almost like a implied floating NAV even today. And as our clients are watching, all the clients that are in money market funds are saying how the NAV is staying much more constant. The industry has done a very good job of self-policing itself. And so I think much of this is already in the marketplace. One last thing, we have the final comment letter is due in September. And as I've said, we're getting feedback and we're providing that feedback to the regulators from our clients. But as I said Investor Day, I'm very calm about this.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. And then a quick question for Gary. I heard you on the $250 million is a good run rate in terms of repurchased. But with the stock trading where it's at right now and your earnings building, how are you thinking about that on a go-forward basis? And I guess the real question is, as you think about the share count, should we expect that to continue to migrate lower, or will that start to stabilize at this point?
Gary S. Shedlin: I think we're obviously going to continue to try and be as consistent and predictable in terms of our capital management policy, Bill, as we possibly can. As I said, the run rate for the moment, I think we feel very comfortable with the $250 million a quarter. We're going to try and be really systematic about that as opposed to overwhelmingly opportunistic. And so with that, I would expect for, basically, the second, the third and fourth quarter, you'll expect the share count to come down and obviously, generally kind of gets offset in the first quarter of the year based on employee comp issuance. But overall, you're going to see that count continue to come down.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. I -- we have not discussed this with our board. This is a discussion that we would have probably in our later board meetings. But it's very clear that as long as we generate the free cash flow that we are generating, Bill, which obviously will grow as we grow earnings, it would be my expectation the board would authorize us to continue with the process of reducing our share count. But I mean, obviously, that's subject to conversation. And we do have board authorization for, what? 7 million, 8 million more shares outstanding right now. But right now, our board has agreed to the current rate that we are purchasing right now. But just pay attention to our free cash flow, and we don't need to discuss anymore.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Just one point of clarification. The $6 billion that you've got on iShares quarter-to-date, did you provide dynamics to where that's coming into in terms of products? I'm sorry, I might have missed that.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No, we did not. I mean, it's all public data. Mark, why don't you just quickly answer that.
Mark K. Wiedman: It's broadly distributed, I can -- I don't have off-hand the numbers for Core Series by assets. The -- into where they come, but we see -- I give you one example of how the Core Series is achieving its purpose relative to more high velocity trading vehicles. We launched IEMG, which is our low-cost broad EM exposure vehicle. Lower liquidity doesn't have the derivatives ecology of its big sister EEM. IEMG launched in October. It's nearing $2 billion. That money kept flowing in even during massive outflows out of EEM. And what that shows is, there's 2 different segments: there are consistent buyers coming in a trickle, and then you see other buyers or -- and sellers who are moving in and out much faster. So I would say, look at the Core Series for a long-term investment trend, so we can get you that data, it's out there, public. And then for -- you look for more fast money as products like EEM and HYG.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line with Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones for me. So I'd just be curious to get your comments on the demand for allocation funds from -- segmented into institutional and retail demand. So as you think about financial advisers and you think about institutions, where is kind of the increase or decrease at the margin and pickup in demand? And how your EM allocation fund is fitting in within that so far as well?
Laurence Douglas Fink: You mean the EM [ph] allocation fund part that we announced -- that we discussed? So where we see clients looking for BlackRock to do the allocation, these are generally fiduciary mandates where we are working alongside with them and we are working with them, and we're seeing a rise in fiduciary types of businesses. But I mean, principally, these allocation types of products are retail-oriented products. That's what they're designed for, or that's where we're seeing, in the RIA channel and other channels where clients are looking to have these types of products. In Global Al, obviously, that's a very large scale retail product and it's expanding now in their RIA channel in itself. And so one should not expect large-scale institutional monies moving into these type of products. But for those clients who are looking for investor decisions as a fiduciary, that will be -- continue to be a larger business of ours. In fact, in this week's P&I, there's a whole article about fiduciary business, talking about how that's a growth area in the investment management business. So that's where we're going to continue to see that. And the other area where we see it, Matt, is in our Defined contribution and our LifePath business, where, as I said earlier, we had another $4 billion of growth, $7 billion over the quarter. And this is where we are taking that investment decision or allocation process.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then as a follow-up, I saw some news out that BlackRock's considering the launch of a Swiss fund range. So I'm just -- I'm curious and I know that's something you guys touched on in the Swiss market at your Investor Day. So when you think about that, how have you -- what have you set up and what do you still need to set up? Are all the pieces in place, now it's just about kind of execution and distribution?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Mark, I mean...
Mark K. Wiedman: I think what you're referring to is we acquired the Crédit Suisse ETF platform. That gave us a platform in Switzerland. The primary rationale for that was they're offering Swiss ETFs to Swiss buyers who, for tax reasons, can't by UCITS funds. But it's important to understand that gives us a foundation which we will be building on for offering a broader Swiss complement beyond just ETFs in Switzerland.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just to follow up on that. I was actually referring to the broader launch. I'm not sure if that's something you guys can kind of comment on.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, in Switzerland, we continue -- we're a big believer in Switzerland. We believe whether it's in Swiss francs, whether it's specifically the investment management platform that we have in Switzerland, our -- I think you're referring to, our Swiss country manager spoke about launching of some Swiss-oriented product, Swiss-based, and that's just a continuation of our desire to build a stronger presence in Switzerland.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First on sort of Barclays AGG versus unconstrained, how much capacity do you think there is in this unconstrained market? It seems very intuitive that you'd see the switch from core to alternative. But I guess, is there enough supply to absorb this meaningful potential demand?
Laurence Douglas Fink: From my perspective, the investment process is no different than managing an Agg. Obviously, it requires more flexibility, a lot more technology, making sure you're managing to the level of risk that you want to take. But there are many competitors in this product. JPMorgan has a great product. PIMCO has a product, our product, so I believe the capacity in the industry is in the trillions. I think this is going to be a very large component of the future bond market, and I look to the key participants to be a big player in it. We just -- we happened, as you've noted in your research report, we have really great 1- and 3-year performance, and we continue to drive great performance in this area and we're continuing to see accelerated flows in these products.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then 2Q, I think you opened your prepared remarks, saw 2 very to different markets. April and May was very different than June. And I think it was mentioned that the tone with many clients has not changed. But I assume with some clients, it has changed. I'd say, maybe first, with which clients have the conversation or the tone changed, and what actions do you expect them to take because of the change in rates, particularly on the unintuitive side? You mentioned like Barclays AGG to unconstrained. But I guess, are there other areas where you're seeing leading indicators for change, whether it'd be like dividend stocks or real estate or FX products by retail or institutional. So any other things worth highlighting there outside of the unconstrained versus Barclays Agg?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, I think when we see these shifts in attitude, when you see 100-basis-point movements in rates, you certainly have an accelerated dialogue with your clients. So even our most deliberative clients who are looking at long-term solutions, they require a lot of hand holding also, and they ask many questions. But overall, as I've said, institutionally, we did not see much behavior change. As I've said and reiterated, the dialogue we're having related to movement out of core products into unconstrained is one consistent dialogue. But I would say 2 or 3 more trends that we had with our clients. One is, we continue to see more questions related to bar belling. The volatility remind clients -- it frightens clients, that markets can move very rapidly, very violently. So bar belling becomes a bigger component of what the clients are asking. They're looking -- as a result of that, we have not seen any slowdown in the use of index products or beta products. We are also seeing more and more clients looking for more uncorrelated type of products, equity, fixed income and other types of products. So some of our alternative products, we have a lot dialogue in that. But the key there, I think, is every time you have these bouts, clients have to relook at how much illiquidity they can afford. And so one of the key things that I think clients -- why they're moving towards more beta products is these bouts of illiquidity frighten them, and you just have more structural liquidity in index-based products. And that trend has not changed. The other thing that -- but on the same side, as the indication of the bar belling, we have more than $3 billion of illiquid commitments in our pipeline. So we continue to see the same type of behavior. But the need for hand holding, the need to talk about long-term solutions became more and more apparent during these bouts of illiquidity and during the great change in rates and the psychology of rates. But we have not seen much behavior change in dividend stocks. I think globally, you still continue to see -- you didn't see any real outflows in dividend stocks as the industry. I think there are great example of showing less beta. They certainly show less beta on the upside and they showed less beta downside during the market setback, and now we're back to almost close to the highs again. Ken, the key for us is to provide consistency in our messaging to our clients. And as I said, our hand holding has to be consistent and we have to -- we have to talk to our clients above the noise. Now in ETFs, I think Mark and his team had -- because Mark and his team deals with a lot of clients who are more in a component of the iShares, it's more of the fast-trading people. His team had to have very different dialogues. So it really -- once again, it speaks loudly of the diversity of our clients at BlackRock, but the core institutional clients' behavior didn't change. Obviously, we saw a lot of hand-holding need in retail. And probably, the greatest hand-holding needs were in the iShares area where we saw the extreme volatility, where people were using these products for beta exposure. And in the case of June, it was negative beta exposure, not positive beta exposure. That's okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Sanford Bernstein.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: You've touched a lot of already on the ongoing debate about whether ETFs help or hurt liquidity during times stress. I think particularly with an asset class like fixed income where underlying OTC liquidity is thin and getting thinner. If I could ask you to be as objective as possible, to what extent would you acknowledge that we're in unchartered territory? This is an open question. And do you think that naysayers make any good points, and what could go wrong here that would damage the reputation of ETF vehicle in the mind of investors, and what keeps you up at night?
Laurence Douglas Fink: This is a great question. I'm going to listen to Mark first and I'll give my response after.
Mark K. Wiedman: I think that I would say the first thing is we have learned we have a lot more work to do in educating clients and other stakeholders about how these vehicles behave, what does the current market price actually represent versus, as I mentioned, the asset values and the like. So a lot of work in educating people how the tools work. The good news is the clients who use the tools are very happy with how they actually perform. So that's the good news. But there's a lot of work in educating a very broad group of people, including clients, about how the actual vehicles work. I think one of the things that I think is underlying is that expectations of market liquidity and ETFs require a little bit of clarification. The minimum liquidity of an ETF is the underlying liquidity of the asset class less arbitrage cost. That's the minimum liquidity. So if the underlying is illiquid, the ETF itself also might be illiquid. But some ETFs create additional secondary liquidity, which Larry mentioned, aggregate [ph] EEM, for example, $5 billion. We see it everyday with our Russell 2000 product, IWM, which trades huge sums every day, which you can never trade in the underlying. So there's additional liquidity creation. Those are the kinds of -- that distinction there, I think it's important for people to understand, so if you're trading in a obscure asset class like some Yemeni securities, you should expect that the ETF will also be illiquid.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We don't trade in those.
Matthew J. Mallow: We don't trade in those. Not yet. Basically that ETF will also be illiquid. It doesn't, by just becoming an ETF, have magical liquidity. I think that key distinction is the number one thing we need to get out there in the marketplace for people to properly understand how these vehicles are supposed to perform.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would just add, the markets -- there's heightened scrutiny of ETFs right now, which I actually believe is a good thing. There is no question during the moments of stress, there was heightened inquiry related to the flows and the quality of the markets of ETFs. We welcome this type of scrutiny. It's this type of scrutiny that, in my mind, helps us strengthen the market for the future. I am not here to suggest I don't lose sleep over our commitments in the ETF market. It is a large commitment. We have a lot of responsibility for the fluidity of this market, for the success of this market. And I don't take that responsibility lightly, and I know Mark and his team does not take that responsibility lightly. We believe the potential ETFs, as we stated in some of BlackRock research, would be greater than $2 trillion. We believe this will continue to grow. And so that responsibility is only greater to assure that this market performs as we describe. And as Mark suggested, it requires a lot of education. And that -- and education can go only so far. But we need to make sure that our regulators are updated continuously, we have to make sure that all our competitors are taking that fiduciary responsibility as importantly as we do, we need to make sure that the quality of the products can withstand the test of time, the test of bouts of illiquidity and the test of time of variances of the markets. If we can achieve that, the trends that we see by investor behavior, the ETF market will be more than $2 trillion, which is a great opportunity for the entire market. Mark is now telling me $5 trillion.
Mark K. Wiedman: Yes, we're at $2 trillion now globally. We're going to $5 trillion.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Excuse me, I knew where the $2 trillion came from, but up to $5 trillion. And so there's a great opportunity to continue to build that. And as I've said, from our viewpoint, despite the noise, the ETF market performed very well, especially when you consider the underlying illiquidity. And it's so important to note, and I have to reiterate it, because I think that point was not understood. The fact that we were able to trade $5 billion at EEM without creating or redeeming, adds $5 billion of market liquidity. So you didn't have to put $5 billion of stocks into the marketplace. And I think that's a very important component of these products. And I should also remind people, when you have, at the end of the day, big inflows or outflows of mutual funds, you don't have that recreate and redeem, that then results, if there's redeems, that then creates outflows and stock pressure. So let's not think of iShares or ETFs as something very different. It's just flowing 24/7 or during the market time opening, whereas in the mutual fund side, it's at the end of the day. I'm just trying to say, the markets are very similar, one's just more transparent. But having the ability to do that creates and redeem through the market makers is a very powerful differentiating feature. I think that's the last of the questions, operator, is that correct?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. As I've said repeatedly, what makes me very proud in leading this firm is the diversification of our platform, our multi-client platform having multi-products, global distribution, risk management. In times where we saw big outflows in one business, we saw big inflows in another business, really illuminates how this platform has been built and really allows us to be a very differentiated player in the world of investing. Thank you, everyone. Thank you for your patience. Thank you for all the time you've given us today. Have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Ann Marie Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Global Executive Committee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. First Quarter 2013 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow, General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me point out that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which list some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, let's let the call begin.
Ann Marie Petach: Okay, thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Just a very brief comment, a number of our shareholders, clients and employees are in Boston, so our thoughts are with all of you in Boston. But moving on to BlackRock, I'm happy to say that Gary Shedlin is joining us for today's call and will be assuming the CFO title and responsibilities after this quarter's 10-Q. I'm also pleased to be turning over the reins at a time when the business is doing well and when there is terrific momentum with our clients, our performance and markets. Gary has been a key adviser to the firm and, given his knowledge of the firm and the industry, has stepped in running. I'll provide some opening comments, point out a few highlights in the earnings supplement. And as usual, we'll be discussing primarily as-adjusted results. As I said on our January call, we began 2013 with great momentum. That has continued and is reflected in the first quarter results. We generated first quarter EPS of $3.65. That's up 16% compared to 2012, reflecting a 12% increase in operating income and a 9% increase in revenue compared to a year ago. The first quarter operating margin was 40%. That's up 1.4 points from a year ago, and this is our strongest first quarter margin since the acquisition of MLIM. We are demonstrating the leverage in the business while investing for top line growth and also investing to assure compliance with evolving regulatory requirement. These results are especially strong when you consider that the first quarter included $18 million of fund launch costs and $33 million of costs associated with about a 3% reduction in staff. The staff change is associated with an initiative to align our organization to present priorities and opportunities. We're hiring to support growth and expect to end the year with meaningfully more people than we began the year, though, of course, it does take time to make sure we're bringing in the right talent. To be clear, this was not a cost-savings exercise. It is an action to align talent and capability to what we believe are the most important opportunities for our clients. As the environment, needs and opportunities change, we will continue to change, evolve and innovate. Most importantly, first quarter earnings reflected organic revenue growth and positive momentum in net new business, as well as the benefits of strong performance. The themes for which we positioned ourselves last year continue to play out. Investors are seeking income and in the present low interest rate environment, are using lower volatility, higher-yielding equity investments to achieve these objectives. Investors are also using rotation across equity beta segments to produce alpha. Once again, index products, that's both ETFs and institutional, are the go-to tools for investors to achieve their objectives. Multi-asset class and income products continued to appeal to clients' needs for solutions, and barbelling strategies are driving flows into single-strategy hedge fund. Our capital policy remains consistent. The foundation of our strong dividend is supplemented by our ability and intention to repurchase shares consistently. We repurchased approximately $250 million worth of shares in the quarter. Our core quarterly repurchases have increased over the last 5 quarters as the secondary sales of our 2 large shareholders are now behind us. The strong cash generation of our business allows us to continue to invest in both organic opportunities and tactical accretive acquisitions. In the current environment, we expect to continue regularly with this repurchase activity. I'm going to move to the earnings supplement, which you can find on our website. I'm going to skip a number of slides and focus on just 6 slides that tell most of the story. I'm going to start out on Slide 8. As I mentioned previously, we produced a 16% increase in earnings per share compared to first quarter of 2012, driven by 17% growth in operating EPS, which I'll come back to in a minute. Nonoperating results reflected a $51 million increase in the market value of our co- and seed investment that was driven largely by positive marks on our co-investments both in private equity and distressed credit products. The first quarter as-adjusted tax rate was 31%. This is a little lower than I had estimated on the last call but is a rate that we now think is a good planning level for 2013 that's based on what we know as of today. The improvement from the prior estimate was driven largely by our geographic mix of earnings. Moving to Slide 10, first quarter revenues were $2.4 billion. That's up $200 million or 9% from a year ago and really about 3 quarters of that came from improvements in base fees. Exceptionally strong performance on a number of our single-strategy hedge funds contributed to our strongest first quarter performance fees since 2006. And I'd point out, 2006 was a bit of an anomaly because it was just a single real estate fund driving this, where this is solid performance across a number of hedge funds. The third and fourth quarters remain our peak performance measurement periods, and the second quarter has historically been our lowest quarter. We'll continue to update you on performance throughout the year. We delivered 11% growth in core Aladdin revenues, offset partially by a decline in the advisory revenues associated with the successfully managed wind-down in the Maiden Lane portfolio. The appetite for Aladdin remains strong. We had 5 successful implementations in the quarter. And Larry is going to talk more about our robust pipeline here and the ongoing client appetite for these tools and services. It is clear that our clients and the opportunities are increasingly diverse, including insurance companies, pension funds and other asset managers. Base fees, as seen on Slide 11, were up $152 million or 8% with growth across almost every asset class. In the first quarter, we generated about a 5% annualized organic growth in long dated assets, and that's both if you look at it including and excluding the lower fee institutional index assets. The strong flows in equity ETFs and retail really means that the organic revenue growth was well in excess of the AUM growth. The flows reflect a terrific response from our clients to the focus areas which we discussed earlier. We also entered 2012 with the benefit of our -- 2013 with the benefit of our 2012 flows and 2012 market improvements, both of which were positive contributors to the first quarter 9% revenue growth. We are not surprised by the year-over-year decline in active equity revenues. We are committed to improving performance in this area, and this is something we've been talking about. We made investments in new teams and talent in 2012, and we do have some great areas of success in European equities and the performance now on our quant equities. While we're not satisfied with the present results, particularly on U.S. equities, we are very confident in these new teams and pleased with some of their early successes. It's just going to take some time. Excluding fund launch costs -- and now moving on to expenses on Page 12 -- and also excluding the reorg costs, expenses were up $53 million or 4%. That 4% is compared to the 9% increase in revenue, again, reflecting leverage in the business. The expenses that went up were primarily driven by revenue-related compensation. The first quarter comp-to-revenue ratio was 36.5%. This is broadly in line with a year ago. The first quarter ratio for comps revenue generally runs higher than the full year. This is due to the seasonality of payroll taxes. And this year, also due to the reorg expenses, which affected the first quarter ratio. I'll talk a little more about expenses when I talk about sequential results. Broadly speaking, the majority of the themes we have discussed are playing out in our sequential results in a similar manner as in the year-over-year results but there are a couple of unique items I want to call to your attention. Beginning with revenues on Slide 16, and as we've already discussed, we're seeing the benefits of both flows and markets contributing to base fee growth. At the same time, we see the natural decline in performance fees associated with the seasonality of blocks. The small decline in BRS revenues was associated with the timing of recognition of revenues on those onetime advisory-type assignments in the fourth quarter of 2012 and not at all reflective of the momentum in the business or opportunity. With respect to expenses, on Slide 18, the $56 million decrease in G&A, that's excluding fund launch costs, was driven primarily, really, the big bulk, by the timing of our marketing spend. As I said last quarter, we will continue to invest in our brand. We've seen positive client reaction to the campaigns. We work very carefully to really spend the money when we think we've got important messages for our clients and when we think it will have the most meaningful impact. Thus, it may not be consistent from quarter-to-quarter but in aggregate, should remain broadly consistent with the full year 2012 spend. With respect to compensation, I've already mentioned the seasonality of payroll taxes. So to summarize. The first quarter, in many ways, is a continuation of the trends and results we saw in the fourth quarter of 2012. We delivered organic revenue growth driven by our strategic focus areas. We delivered performance, which drove performance fees. We delivered year-over-year margin improvement, and we continued to return cash to shareholders. Our success has been driven by our commitment to consistently run the business to serve our clients and deliver value to our shareholders. With that, I'm happy to be stepping into a role where I'm going to have a lot more time with our clients. Again, I think the timing of this transition is ideal given BlackRock's positioning relative to client needs and our ability and commitment to innovate and grow. I know that among Gary's priorities is to continue to raise the bar on the quality and depth of our conversation with our shareholders and analysts. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry, who will talk a lot more about what we're seeing with our clients, our continued investment in talent and some of the trends of accomplishments that we're excited and proud about.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. I just want to pause again and talk about the incident in Boston yesterday. We are constantly reminded as investors of global markets that we live in uncertain times. The terrorist acts in Boston deteriorate confidence for investors, which is one of the major causes of problems related to our financial markets. But at this time, we should just all pause, and our prayers and wishes go out to the families of -- who are harmed and those who even witnessed this tragedy. It's just another reminder of the type of world we live in and it's a reminder as investors of -- in global markets that we have to be always cautious related to our outlooks because we live in these uncertain times. As Ann Marie covered in her report, we delivered strong first quarter financial results, including a 9% revenue growth, 16% EPS growth and a 40% operating margin. Importantly, we generated another quarter of consistent organic growth. Long-term AUM grew 5% on an annualized basis while base fees grew at an even higher rate, highlighting the positive mix shift that continues in our business towards our retail and iShares channels, which are having higher revenue profiles. During the quarter, we continued to reach new corporate milestones. We're at the highest AUM ever, $3.936 trillion, including record AUM levels in each of our client channels. We delivered record first quarter revenues and operating income. iShares crossed over $800 billion of AUM this quarter. We saw our strongest quarter for equities net flows at nearly $34 billion. And we saw exceptionally strong Aladdin growth in the quarter, where we added 7 new Aladdin clients. And we've added close to $1.3 trillion of new assets being implemented on Aladdin. This was a very strong quarter for BlackRock. And looking back, following our 25th anniversary as a firm, these results clearly demonstrate the tremendous value we've built, including our unique mix of capabilities, scale and global reach. Yet it is the next 25 years and the enormous potential in front of us that excite me. Last week, we completed our leadership off-site, where our focus is squarely on growth, growth through innovation and growth through focused execution. I believe we have the strongest management team in the industry focused on delivering unique client solutions. Couple that with our growing brand recognition and global presence, I can assure you we continue to see a long path for growth in the future. We've talked about in past calls the diversity of our platform, which has allowed us to capture flows across market cycles, and this quarter is no different. I just want to step back and say this is a platform that is unique in its scale, in its breadth, in the balance between passive and active, and it is because of that platform, we're able to achieve these type of results. We witnessed cash coming off the sidelines and being put to work largely in equities and multi-asset products. And while I don't believe this means we're seeing a great rotation out of fixed income -- in fact, we saw a strong growth in fixed income in different regions of the world -- we're witnessing investors searching for yield in a variety of asset classes including equities and higher-yielding fixed income. Investors want fixed income that look like equities and equities that look like fixed income. Even as investors move back into equities, they are cautious, emphasizing low volatility and emphasizing income. This trend will likely to continue for the foreseeable future for at least 2 reasons. Global demographics are evolving, and aging global populations continue to grow. We are living longer. As I mentioned before, longevity and the lack of preparedness for longer retirement is a significant global issue. And this issue is going to be with us for years to come. Global quantitative easing programs have reduced rates to its historic lows. Long-dated fixed income securities traditionally used to fund retirement obligations now carry asymmetric risk for investors looking to match retirement assets and liabilities. So for the foreseeable future, investors will be forced to find yield in other asset classes such as equities, alternatives and higher alpha fixed income. Let's jump into some details on the business and then open it up for questions. In global retail, we generated $8.8 billion in new flows, our strongest quarter in over 2 years. Our key themes continue to drive positive momentum across geographies, led by income, outcome-oriented solutions and alternatives. Investors are continuing to look for a variety of products to satisfy their needs for income in the current low-yield environment, and so -- and to do so in a way that protects them from this asymmetry in interest rates. Our SIO, strategic income opportunity, product and actively managed fixed income fund, designed to perform well in diverse interest rate environments, took in more than $1 billion in the quarter and crossed the $5 billion threshold. In the U.S., we launched a multi-sector fixed income closed-end fund generating more than $700 million in new assets. This fund will grow to over $1 billion once leverage is added. Internationally, we saw strong flows in our Euro Short Duration, our high-yield and global opportunity bond funds demonstrated the continued evolution and diversification of our global platform. On the Solutions fronts, we saw investor appetite for absolute return products, particularly in Asia and in Japan. We met this demand by raising over $1 billion in our Global Allocation product. Retail alternative strategies had a strong quarter globally with the strength of our 40 Act [ph] products in the U.S. and in single-strategy hedge funds in Europe. In the U.S., we saw flows of more than $700 million, driven by global long/short credit and emerging market long/short equity. The alternative mutual funds we've launched in the past 2 years are now over $1.5 billion in AUM. And we recently launched 3 new funds in this space to capitalize on growing demand for our expertise in this category. This will increasingly be an important theme in our global retail franchise. Fundamental equities is a mixed story in the quarter. We saw flow -- outflows in our U.S. franchise, and this not a surprise as we changed 4 of our investment teams over the last few quarters. We saw positive equity inflows into EMEA close to a $1 billion, led by our strong European equity product as investors added incremental risk. With nearly $5 billion in flows in the United States and nearly $4 billion internationally, I continue to be excited about the diversity of flows and the continued global potential of our global retail. Global iShares led the market with $25.6 billion in net inflows, representing more than 1/3 of the first quarter's industry flows, approximately 35%, driven primarily by strength in equity products. iShares continue to be a barometer for risk appetite as clients increase their equity exposure. Early in the quarter, we maintained a leadership position in global equity flows with broadly diversified net equity inflows of $26.3 billion. IShares' first quarter flows were diversified across regional businesses. U.S. iShares showed strong equity inflows of $20.4 billion, which was slightly offset by a fixed income outflows of $3.2 billion. Also, our Core Series product suite, which we launched last year to penetrate the buy-and-hold segment, gathered more than $3 billion in net inflows during the quarter. International iShares new business was driven by equities inflows of $5.9 billion and in fixed income inflows of $2.2 billion. We saw particularly strength in our single-country funds such as Mexico, where investors are using these vehicles to put money to work in local markets without having to build the infrastructure to support the individual security purchases. We remain totally committed to growing and innovating our iShares capabilities, both organically and through acquisitions or a few partnerships. We will continue to be aggressive in evaluating transactions that provide unique capabilities for accessing new markets. Last month, we announced the long-term exclusive alliance with Fidelity that enables Fidelity's 10 million customers to access ETFs, with a smaller marketing -- to access ETFs provided by iShares. We started this relationship 3 years ago with a smaller marketing arrangement. And this is the next step in a longer-term relationship that aims to meet the needs of self-directed investors on a major scale. Fidelity was already an important relationship for BlackRock, and I'm very excited about working with them in the years to come. Our global institutional business produced $5.1 billion in long-term net new business driven largely by a combination of continued shifts to passive and demand for multi-asset class solutions. Institutional flows were led by passive equity net inflows of $13.6 billion. As we talked about in past calls, more and more institutions have shifted to passive as part of a barbell strategy for tactical allocation as part of a core holding. And we see these trends continuing, particularly for passive equity where we saw our largest flows in more than 2 years. We saw outflows in our institutional active business, primarily in the United States. While a portion of the outflows in our active equity franchise was due to the weak historical performance, the preponderance of outflow activity in fixed income was episodic events such as M&A activities and clients reallocating portfolios. We are committed to continue to drive top-tier performance, which we have been achieving in active fixed income and in some of our new active equity positions. Especially in emerging markets, we continue to see very, very positive alpha, which I'll talk about in a second. Retirement continues to be a theme for us and we remain very, very well positioned. Our defined contribution clients generated $7.4 billion in net inflows in the quarter. And our defined contribution franchise has now crossed over $440 billion in AUM, up 19% year-over-year. Our key component of our retirement solution is our Life Path target date suite. Our Life Path assets have grown 40% over the year. Finally, we are seeing good momentum in parts of our alternative platform, particularly single-strategy hedge funds and alternative solutions as clients are rerisking and looking for customized alternative programs as clients are rerisking. In the U.S., we have had more than 10 new institution client funds alternative mandates with us in the quarter. Clients are also responding to the breadth of offerings on our platform with interest in our illiquid offerings. Due to the nature of some of these products, we will not realize revenues for some of these commitments immediately, but we'll see as a -- see the results as the capital is drawn down. This strength is also overshadowed by outflows from a single large hedge fund with challenged performance over the past few quarters, which I'm pleased to say this year that fund is up over 5% and it's back over the high-water mark. BlackRock Solutions continues to have a very strong momentum. BRS revenues were up 2% since the first quarter of 2012. And our Aladdin business posted very strong year-over-year growth of 11% due to multiple successful implementations and growing client base. So far this year, we've added 7 new Aladdin clients and we are in the process of implementing close to $1.3 trillion in new assets on to Aladdin. Our momentum in BRS and Aladdin is as strong as ever. We're seeing existing clients adding new capabilities and new clients recognizing the advantage of the Aladdin network. I still believe we are just beginning to unlock the full capabilities of our Aladdin business. My last comment on institutional is our pipeline, which remains very solid with approximately $35 billion across index and active mandates. Importantly, a lot of these active mandates are in our high-performing single-strategy hedge funds. Let me move on to performance. As I mentioned on previous calls, last year we made a number of investments to enhance our portfolio management teams to improve performance and add capabilities. Now we are building a track record in those product areas. We are confident that these results will yield into flows over time, which we're already beginning to see some in some of the areas. Our fixed income performance has been very solid. Approximately 79% and 81% of our active fixed AUM exceed benchmarks for peer mediums for 1 and 3 years. This has helped drive net new business in our retail fixed income products up to $5.4 billion this quarter. Our scientific active equity performance has been in the top tier for the past several quarters. At the end of the first quarter, 77% and 92% of our AUM was above benchmark or peer medium for the 1- and 3-year period. Our U.S. fundamental equity franchise is a work in progress, which we discussed quite extensively last year. We have our teams in place. And in most cases, our teams are outperforming their benchmarks. And we'd still need more time to demonstrate that performance, but I believe we have the right teams in place. In EMEA and Asia, we are seeing very strong performance, and it shows in our flows. In multi-asset, performance has been strong. Our global allocation funds, which makes up a large portion of our assets in this category, is at a record asset level as of a few days ago and has delivered a 12% annualized return over the past 10 years with 1/3 of the risk of global equity markets. This is exactly what we told our clients we would deliver, and our team is delivering those results. Alternatives continue to be -- continue to build great momentum. This is an area where I've been most pleased over the last quarter and it shows in our performance fees. As a firm, we remain totally committed to continue to build out our alternative space. We believe this is an area -- as we discussed, barbelling -- we believe this is an area where more and more clients are going to be seeking out BlackRock for advice. As Ann Marie discussed, as a firm, we remain very strongly committed to driving increased shareholder value, and our capital management decisions reflect that commitment. In January, we announced an additional 12% increase in our annual dividend of $6.72. And during the quarter, we also completed repurchase of approximately $250 million of our stock. 2013 will be our 10th year paying a dividend. On a compounded annualized basis, we increased our dividend by 24% since 2003. Over the past 2 years, we've continued to enhance our talent with a combination of external hires and elevating high-performing talent from within. Our external hires include Mark McCombe, who runs EMEA -- Asia Pacific; Philipp Hildebrand at EMEA; Hsueh-ming Wang from -- who is our Chairman of China; David Blumer, our new head of EMEA; Gary Shedlin, our new CFO; Gerardo Rodriguez joining in April to focus on emerging markets strategy. But in addition, which does not get enough highlighting, is our continuing elevated of our high-performing individuals internally. Adding new members to our global executive committee to continue to push for new perspective. Mark Wiedman has been added as Head of our Global iShares; Rob Goldstein, Head of our Aladdin and Institutional Business; Patrick Olson as our Head of Global Strategy and Planning; Quintin Price to run our active portfolio management capabilities worldwide. We continue to be pushing our internal team for more opportunities and pushing them into greater and greater leadership roles as we build out our platform. We live in a world that is continually changing, and our clients facing increasingly complex challenges. BlackRock will always be willing to change and adapt to our clients' needs and I'm committed to serving our clients with the best talent in the industry. I'd like to just close by taking a minute to recognize and thank Ann Marie for her help. She's a friend and she's been a terrific CFO, building a world-class finance capability over the past 6 years. She's going to do equally well in our client-serving opportunities and helping us navigate our complex client relationships in the future. And I know Gary will be able to take over for Ann Marie in a very swift manner. So let me just restate what I mentioned at the beginning of the call. This was a strong quarter for BlackRock and our shareholders. We remain diligently focused on consistency and execution, and we are not going to become complacent. In many ways, we have just begun to see the power of this platform. And I believe we have ample opportunity to maintain this growth and possibly accelerate the growth. With that, I'm happy to open it up to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to dig a little deeper on the new alliance with Fidelity. I'm wondering if you guys know what the level of iShares' AUM was on the Fidelity platform as of quarter end. And then I'm wondering what are your longer-term penetration targets for this platform, and maybe if we can think about the speed that you expect to gain some share on this platform, too.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, that is not a public piece of information that I'm -- I can't be responsible for discussing that, so just bear with me on that. But our enthusiasm is quite great with the opportunity we have -- the opportunities we have with Fidelity. The first 3 years were a success and what our new announcement is to build from that success now by adding up to 65 ETFs, iShare ETFs onto the platform have given us much greater opportunity to build greater penetration with their clients and a deeper conversation with their client-serving team. I would also add though, Craig, this also enriches our relationship in a totality basis. Even as from their distribution side, it just gives us a better opportunity to sell our mutual funds and other products there. So we look at this as a comprehensive relationship. The working relationship with our teams is very strong. But importantly, I look at what we are doing with Fidelity to complement what we're doing on our core strategy ETFs. This is what we deemed as the most efficient way for us to target a buy-and-hold RIA channel. This is an area where we said over the last few quarters, we under-penetrated. When we announced our core strategy ETFs, we said this is the channel we're going to go after. But by enlarging our partnership and our relationship with Fidelity, it really enhances our ability to interact with the independent RIA channel.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then just one follow-up. You had $112 million of security lending fees in the first quarter. How should we think about the seasonal pickup in 2Q due to the timing of the European dividends? And I'm wondering will this be a similar year to 2012 when we think about the comparison, or are there some key differences?
Ann Marie Petach: Well, when I look at it, really the fourth quarter and the first quarter in sec lending both looked very similar to a year ago and look similar sequentially. And so I would continue to expect a seasonal pickup in the second quarter associated with the dividend fee sec.
Laurence Douglas Fink: But what we -- I would say in the first quarter, what we saw was greater -- we had more securities out on sec lending, and so the trend was good in terms of utilization. But because of the continued compression in rates, we saw less rates. So lending spreads was less. But more importantly, and this is an important characteristic -- we spend so much time, we have a huge team out there trying to look out across all the prime brokers and all the different organizations that are looking to barbell stock. We -- I look at not just at our, obviously, our -- the net interest spread. I think the most important characteristic in sec lending is the amount of securities out to borrow. And this is the one area that I'm pretty proud of our team in making sure that we have deeper penetration. And hopefully, that will continue. I'm not here to tell you the seasonals won't change, but we most certainly saw more demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: One quick one on the numbers. You mentioned 7 new clients for Aladdin, and I think it was $1.3 trillion in process of being brought on board. I don't -- I highly doubt that it's directional, but that would imply about a 10% bump to the current base fee run rate in Aladdin. Is that -- am I in the ballpark of new fees coming on board?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, it's certainly a 10% increase in possible assets in that, so that's what you're getting at. 10% -- no, it's less than that. It's -- I'm not going to get into the details, but it's -- one client is quite large, and has economies of scale and all that stuff. But it's -- you're in the range but not there without getting into much detail.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. I can live with that. Curious -- you've spoken in the past that the bond ETF penetration is literally about 1/10 the size of the penetration of the equity markets has enjoyed. Curious what you're seeing and expecting there. And then if you could talk towards what you spoken about recently in terms of the fixed income ETF and corporate bond lend, when we might expect that product to be coming out?
Laurence Douglas Fink: The iShare bond is going to be -- is momentarily, without getting into registration issues, we expect it soon. I'm getting kicked by my General Counsel. It is my view that this is a great opportunity for the market and for us. We've had many conversation with many potential investors in those products. The enthusiasm is great. But as we saw in most ETF products, it's a slow grind, and people are going to be looking for liquidity and opportunities. And if the liquidity and opportunities are there, then you start seeing a faster ramp-up. So it is momentarily when we're going to announce -- when we launch that. The overall view of ETFs and bonds is as robust as ever. We are very constructive on those products. And so my feelings haven't changed at all despite, obviously, a huge change in momentum from fixed income flows that we witnessed the first half of last year to 90% flows in equities. And so I guess it's a testimony to the products that these are efficient vehicles for investors when they are looking to rebalance, to restructure. And so we continue to be in front of clients with all types of ETF products, and we continue to be driving those flows on a global basis. You didn't ask this question, but if you look at ETF flows as an industry, some of the great flows as an industry are also when investors are under-invested. So you see great flows in Japan because of the changes in the economic future of Japan or the hope of the change of economic future. And so you're seeing it across the industry, larger flows in Japanese-oriented DK-oriented [ph] ETFs. And as I said, what we saw also at BlackRock, because a renewed interest in Mexico, we were -- we saw larger-than-historical flows into Mexico. And so this is exactly how we're trying to position ourself, having a suite of products that are global in nature and respond to it. This is one of the big reasons why we are so excited about our inclusion of the Crédit Suisse ETF platform. This will give us a great Swiss franc product as clients are going to look to diversify in currency and in asset categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Bernstein.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A quick question on the margin. You have unparalleled scale, a number of product categories that arguably have incremental margins in the 70% range or more. So without dismissing the progress you've been making on the margin, which is really encouraging, if you were pressed to explain why your margin isn't higher, can you point to any structural explanation for that in terms of business lines, product mix, geographic presence? And what is really preventing you at this point from having an industry-leading margin or actually the industry leading?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm going to -- let me give you my view and I'll let Ann Marie talk about it. A, I think our 40% first quarter margins are pretty impressive. Two, we did great investing in our new equity teams. When we launch our -- when we do win these Aladdin assignments, they actually, in the first year, drag our margins down because they're basically cost-related types of assignments until they're fully implemented. We continue to build and reinvest in the company. So as I've always said, I'm going to continue to invest to build a better company in the future with a mind of having increased margins. If I wanted to play the margin games, I certainly could ramp up margins dramatically, as you suggested. But at this time, because of all the opportunities I think we have as a firm, I'd be harming the overall company for future growth. So -- and the other thing is, let's not underscore the amount of spend I have related to regulatory inquiries and regulatory compliance. We are spending a great deal of time now putting all the requests in terms of information flow on to our systems. This will actually benefit our Aladdin clients one day, too, as we put these types of refinements for BlackRock onto the Aladdin system. But these costs are large and I suggested that last year, and I will continue to suggest that now. One of the outcomes of increased regulatory uncertainty, there is always a need for more lawyers, and so as my General Counsel raises his hand. And so I actually believe we are being judicious in the way we're managing margin. I have always claimed I expect to see higher margins in the future as we continue to build. And I agree with you, we do have some very high-margin businesses, but I'm not going to -- I'm going to continue to build for a better future. Ann Marie?
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. I just wanted to chime in that to remind people that the pro forma margin in 2009 of the combined BlackRock-BGI was 36.8%. And first quarter, and especially this first quarter, with the reorganization costs in it, was a very strong margin. So there's been enormous progress, and that's leveraging the business that we're committed to continuing. It's always going to be balanced with making sure that we're growing that top line, which is where the real value comes.
Laurence Douglas Fink: If you strip out the onetime expense of the reorganization, that would add over a 1 margin point to the quarter. I'm not suggesting we're going to continue to be at 41. I don't know where we're going to come out. But we all -- as I said before, we have an eye to continuing to build and grow our margins.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. That was really helpful. Second one for me. I know there were some hope that ESMA would clarify its guidelines for sec lending in Europe. But it looks like the document that was released in late March left some of the key issues kind of vague. And there's still a question, at least in my mind, whether you're allowed to profit from this activity. So could you just help us understand how binding the ESMA rules are, who has the final say on all this, and what your outlook on the regulation is? And then along with that, you earned about $500 million from sec lending in 2012, so what is the split between Europe and the U.S.?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Matt, do you want to go into that?
Matthew J. Mallow: Yes, sure. The ESMA guidelines are still being reviewed and analyzed by all of us and haven't yet been finally determined. We know that everyone has these concerns about our ability to continue receiving sec lending fees. But let me just say that with the -- we do know that the guidelines have confirmed that we can charge fees and we're going to see where they wind up. But we support ESMA's efforts. And as fiduciaries, we already provide a high degree of transparency and disclosure, which is what some of this was about. And we're working with national regulators. National regulators have to implement a lot of this to preserve the benefits of securities lending for clients and the broader capital markets. So it's early days, and we'll be back and we'll see where this all goes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First question, Larry, you didn't really talk about it in your prepared marks, but there was one SEC commissioner came out suggesting that there could be a money market proposal in the next month or so. So wondering what are you hearing in terms of what it might be and how you might be prepared to react if it's onerous?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I expect it's going to be some form of floating NAV. I mean, I see no evidence to think it would be anything but a floating NAV on the prime type of funds. I don't believe it will be any form of floating related to the government type of funds. So I think -- I don't -- we don't expect any surprise. We had a whole team in Washington this week. It's still pretty -- it's not -- it's a pretty dynamic situation, but I do believe now with the commissioner of the SEC being -- and the chairperson being finalized, I think we're going to see some type of announcement from the SEC shortly.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So second question, so a two-part question. One is I want to verify, Ann Marie, did you say that G&A will be flat year-on-year despite some seasonal sort of quarterly trends? And then the second question is, part of that is, with the Fidelity arrangement, is that accretive to the overall margin of the company?
Ann Marie Petach: So the first question, what I said specifically was with respect to marketing, but that's a key component of our overall G&A. And absolutely on the second. I mean, we think this is going to be a real win-win.
Laurence Douglas Fink: On the -- we -- marketing is a variable expense. We will spend more money when we believe it's an -- there's a great opportunity. And if we believe that the business dynamics don't permit it, we will spend less. So it is something that we can adjust continuously, and so it is going to be fluid and we will continue to navigate around that. And I will affirm what Ann Marie said related to Fidelity; it is accretive immediately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Larry, just on the trends and flows this quarter. I'm curious if you can give us a sense of the -- maybe the more cyclical rotation that could happen. You mentioned that. I guess you don't really see this great rotation happening, but there's a search for yield. Do you -- did that sort of dynamic accelerate throughout the months this -- so far this year as sort of events unfolded in March? Did you see any change in sort of people maybe preparing to take on more risk? Just curious what clients are saying.
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question. We saw greater risk-taking worldwide, and so -- but that doesn't mean it's a great rotation. It just means people are looking to take risk in other forms. As I said, they're looking for equities that are more bond-like with high coupons, low vol. They're looking for fixed income that has higher yield that looks more like equity. I think those are the overall trends, and those trends continue. Obviously, we saw at the beginning of the first quarter, a huge rerisking. But the rerisking came from cash, not from bonds. Secondarily, as we've witnessed about a 40 basis point rally -- rates went down in late March and now April -- we saw probably a slowdown in some flows but in the last week, we've began to see a resurgence in flows again. But I would say, overall, Marc, clients are looking to add more risk. Clients are looking for that market setback to buy. I don't sense a market setback is going to have people running back into more bonds, but I think if we had a market setback, I think we would actually see more equity investments.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then on the active equity business, I guess, there was some bigger -- an uptick in outflows. It looks like institutionally driven from fundamental equity. Do you have any sense of where we are maybe in the cycle of...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Recognize that, that's almost over. That was just a reaction in -- 2 clients, actually, did predominantly because we changed the portfolio managers. It is something we were not surprised at. We were disappointed. We were trying to have them stay in those -- with the new managers because we believe it's an improvement, but they had some -- they have these formulas of changing -- of moving on if there are some big changes. And this is -- these are the costs, and this is why so many firms are afraid of changing managers even with mediocre performance. And we made a conclusion mid-last year that we are going to rebuild for the future. We're going to spend the money in recruiting great teams, and we're going to take the short-term hits in terms of the potential outflows. But in the areas where we are seeing performance, some of our emerging market equity teams that have been here now 1.5 years with great performance, we have many dialogues worldwide. We continue to see some very strong flows, as I said in my prepared talks about -- in European equities where we have a world-class team. We continue to see flows in our dividend equity side. So I would say, the best way I can talk about the first quarter for me was a mixed picture. It wasn't as robust as we -- I would have liked to have seen it, but it certainly wasn't terribly bad and unexpected. But we're -- I think in terms of seasonality, in terms of those clients' decisions, that's behind us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So you've talked at length about the growing interest by investors, both retail investors and institutions, in risk. But what about the choice of active versus passive? It's sort of hard to tell from the data, quite frankly, whether this surge into equities paired with continued strength in fixed income points to a resurgence in interest in active investing. Or whether the multi-decade trend that we've seen toward passive investing, both indexing and ETFs, continues unabated. What's going on?
Laurence Douglas Fink: That's a very good question. There's no question from our vantage point we saw more barbelling than ever, more interest in beta products, both ETFs and index products, across the board. We're actually witnessing some of the largest global institutions who were heavily, 5 years ago were 100% in active, they are now navigating the majority, their reinvestments and their new investments in beta. So there's no question, as you said, there is a very dominant trend towards greater and greater participation in beta. As I also said, one of the uniquenesses of ETFs and iShares, we are seeing more and more investors are driving ETF flows because they're using beta as alpha. And so I think that trend will continue. I am making a large, long-term bet, though, that there will be a time when investor behavior will move back into fundamental equities. I can tell you as in our case where we have really good performance, we've seen flows. I'm sure by looking at industry flows, other firms that had strong, consistent returns that beat the index after fees are still -- are seeing flows. And so I think what you're seeing is you're not seeing overall trends in active fundamental equities, but you're seeing it where there is good fundamental performance after fees. This is another reason why in our prepared conversation, I talked about why we continue to build our alternative strategies, whether it is the SIO and CIO types of products and fixed income and our single-strategy hedge funds. We continue to see very large momentum there as clients are looking to use beta and then barbelling by other types of strategy. So we are making a fundamental view that equity -- fundamental equities will be a place where investors want to go but overwhelmingly, the flows continue to be driven in the beta products.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: My second and therefore my final question relates to your relationship with Fidelity. I'm very curious about the following. It seems to me that there are a handful of organizations in your industry, T. Rowe Price, the Capital Group and Fidelity, that literally stand for active management. This is their heritage, and this is what they grew up with. So I'm very curious to know when you were talking to Fidelity about why it's in Fidelity's interest, and presumably you had that conversation -- I'm not going to ask you to tell me what Fidelity was thinking. I want to know as the head of BlackRock what you were thinking and saying. When you were having that conversation with Fidelity about why it's in their interest for those guys to clone their active, industry-specific funds, for example, how did that conversation go?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, a, I think Fidelity is a tremendous firm. I think their fiduciary as strong as any firm that I know of. I think they believe in active management, as you suggested, and I think they understand that their clients are not only looking for active products, they're looking for passive products. And I believe that they have come to terms that if they are going to be as strong a fiduciary and looking out for their clients' interests that being in partnership with BlackRock iShares allows them to penetrate and continue to have that dialogue on the beta side, but also continue to be a fiduciary and drive also flows for their active products. So I think it's very consistent with a long-standing position of Fidelity of having fiduciary responsibility, first and foremost. And I would say all my conversations with the leadership of Fidelity has always been, they want to be known as a key long-term fiduciary for their clients. And I think this achieves that objective, and it also allows them to continue to build and drive their active flows.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First on maybe Solutions outside of Aladdin. To what extent are you seeing more pension and sovereign wealth funds stepping up their interest in outsourcing asset allocation to BlackRock? And does a risk-on world weaken demand to outsource or does a low interest rate environment sustain that interest? And ultimately what gets these big entities to pull the trigger?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we asked Craig Phillips, who is driving our FMA business, to drive that solution-based business. Ann Marie, in a few weeks, will be a leader of that business. So I'm going to let Ann Marie talk about that a little bit and I'll add, so...
Ann Marie Petach: What I would say is there's a lot of different types of opportunities there. And it's not just a pure outsourcing of asset allocation, which is part of it, but it can be thinking about asset allocation for a portion of your portfolio. It's modeling assets next to liabilities and planning your asset strategy next to your liability strategy as you're thinking of that including your cap contribution strategy. I think that asset allocation in the present environment has been a key contributor to beta. And I mentioned that in my remarks because we are seeing people using ETFs as a tool to asset allocate. And we can help people to use these tools to get there, combined with the risk pools to actually understanding what they're doing, where the returns are coming from and where the risks are coming from. What's interesting, when you look at a number of clients, including very big sophisticated clients, they don't actually understand that combination of risk analysis with return analysis.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So, Ken, I don't believe -- we're having more dialogues with more large clients than ever before on the solution fiduciary type of businesses. So the dialogue, whether it's a low rate environment or risk-on or a combination of both, we're seeing more and more clients interested in it.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And what gets them to pull the trigger? When do we start to see more of these conversations actually turn into mandates?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we won -- we just won a $1.5 billion mandate this past week. And it was a multi-asset category with many alternatives. It was a great team-wide win. We are -- we had another dialogue with another client about a $10 billion possible assignment. I would like them to pull the trigger on this $10 billion one as soon as possible, but we are in dialogue with many different clients right now on this. What I have witnessed in these types of conversations, though, there are long gestation period to get the clients comfortable on these type of assignments. But when they pull the trigger, it's generally a big event here at BlackRock.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of investment, you really backed income products and that was really the right decision. As we think about alternatives, what are the alternative solutions that you want to emphasize over the next 5 years? And is there an analogous situation in the income products like in the alternative world, is there something that is really just going to be a hit that you want to scale up and build and...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Probably the biggest area that I can think of is, and I talked about this in my prepared remarks, I believe more and more investors are very worried about the asymmetry in long-duration fixed income. And so they are looking for alternative products that have -- doesn't have a duration benchmark and it's trying to navigate around that. So our SIO product, which I suggested, raised another $1 billion. And I believe with our performance, we should be at $15 billion, $20 billion. This is in the top quartile product. It is beating our 2 largest competitors by a significant amount in this product, and we should be growing this dramatically. The other area that I believe over, as you suggested, a 5-year period, 10-year period of time, it is going to have to be -- continue investing in the emerging world, whether it's Mexico or Southeast Asia, in different categories, whether it's going to be in debt products or in equity-like products. So it's going to be a combination of multi-asset strategy and a continue to investing in the emerging world, where we're making equally large investments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones, actually. First, I just wanted to ask about the success thus far in merging the iShares and retail sales forces, how you're seeing that play out and success on non-Merrill platforms?
Laurence Douglas Fink: It's too early to making some grandiose comment. I could tell you my teams are telling me it's quite successful. There is great enthusiasm there. But we -- whether we are seeing any short-term milestones, I think what's important, what we're -- and our messaging to all our clients by doing this -- and this gets back to some other questions we had earlier. And this is related to -- we have to be in front of our clients providing them information both on beta and alpha products. If we cannot do that, then nobody can. We should be the organization that's getting in front of the FAs, the RIAs in a open form of talking about the attributes of alpha and beta. And they should not be -- it should not be inconsistent or it should not be communication through 2 different voices. Our whole idea was because we believe if we are truly a fiduciary to our clients is providing a wholesome conversation on the attributes of beta and alpha, the combination of passive products and active products and how can they fit in a portfolio. And so we needed to re-engineer our own firm to making sure that we are -- we're telling the story in a proper way. So I believe in the long run, it's going to generate increased penetration. It may mean continue investing in our teams, it may mean more investing in our technology to provide better information for our teams to sell those products in a holistic way, but I am truly committed on the idea of providing a wholesome client relationship on beta and alpha.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just one -- a little bit more kind of granular housekeeping question is just in terms of comp. There are a number of moving pieces. You have the seasonality in the first quarter. You have the $33 million severance and you have the fact that you guys are saying you're going to end the year with higher headcounts. So I'm just wondering, first of all, with the new hires you have, is there a full run rate in the first quarter? And the incremental heads that you're adding over the course of the year, should we be thinking about that as lower cost per head than you have right now or in line, or how should we be thinking about that?
Ann Marie Petach: As you recall, we're not going to add a lot of costs in base comp. And I think our key comp driver is going to continue to be our variable comp, which is going to be dependent on the performance of our portfolio managers, as well as the performance of the firm overall. While we've added people, we have also made significant moves in our footprint over the last 2 years that has dampened the fact relative to the number of people that have been added to the firm.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We'll be very aggressive in managing those expenses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on the iShares, in the past, there's been some seasonality. I know last quarter, you mentioned that you're not seeing it as much or some of the structural growth is offsetting that. So just wanted to get your view on that. And then one topic that sometimes will pop up is when you look at the 2 series that you have with iShares and the 1 on the kind of the old series, there's different fee rates and you've always mentioned that part of that is because of the liquidity. Just wondering, over time, if you're really successful on the new series and if those new assets get to a certain level, is there anything that stops clients from moving within the different products? I mean, are there any nuances among the different series that would prohibit that?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. I mean, if we have great success in our core strategy and the assets grow dramatically there and liquidity grows there, you would see some form of arbitrage over the long run. But I would also add, though, when you talk about total costs, and one of the reasons why we were very successful in some of our higher management fee products has been our great success in providing higher and more efficient tracking than our competitors. And so once again, I have to remind all investors who -- and I wish our -- I wish the agencies that we viewed alternative -- all ETF products look at not just management fees but they look at tracking error and look at bid-ask spread. So you calculate those 3 characteristics of the total experience of an ETF. In some of our higher fee products that you were talking about, actually, because of positive tracking, we actually outperformed. And so you have to look at it in a total cost experience, and that's an -- that's an important characteristic to look at it. This is one of the reasons why I don't expect to see the arbitrage anytime soon. You have to look at it on the total client experience. And that's important to understand why you're not seeing massive changes in clients' demand in different products.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And then just maybe on the seasonality and then probably just bigger picture. When you look at the iShares opportunity and when you look at the amount that you guys, when you see it, the different distribution channels and where you're at versus where you could be over the next 3 to 5 years, like what inning are you in that build-out or in that penetration and that could be both on the equity and obviously on the fixed income it's much, much earlier?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I actually believe we're in the third inning. I actually believe there's huge upside opportunities. I think people are miscalculating the continued growth, both institutionally and somewhat retail on utilizing ETFs as beta as alpha. We're seeing even the traditional index players, clients who were looking to add ETFs to provide a little greater liquidity in their index portfolios. We're at the first inning, second inning, and fixed income as ETFs will continue to play a bigger role. But I can't -- I think the first quarter, when you think about where the industry flows are, it would really, in my mind, really shows how dynamic ETFs are. When you see the huge increase in equities because clients were underweighted in equities, they're overweighted in cash and so you saw large purchasing of equity ETFs. In addition, just by the growth of ETFs in Japan and Mexico, it really highlights that this is not just a domestic U.S. phenomenon. It's a global phenomenon that clients are using ETFs not just to get beta exposure but to also get exposure in region and exposure in categories. And this is the whole story of what we're trying to do with iShares that we can provide beta exposure across regions, across countries, across products. And if we can provide that consistently, more and more clients will come to iShares.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jeffries.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess just to follow up on the fixed income, I think you mentioned some outflows that were specific to certain clients in the active segment this quarter. If you could rehash that, please. And then the other -- the opportunity within the ETF category for fixed income, you said there's been dialogue and demand, is that coming from your core base of active customers or is that from a new -- is that incremental to what you guys -- who you're already touching?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So in terms of outflow, and this is a merger-related client that had large sums of money in short-duration products that took the money out and bought a company. And one of them was just a restructuring from fixed income to another asset category. That was -- those are the 2 dominant themes in the fundamental fixed income side. In terms of our forthcoming announcement, we believe it will be new classes of investors in bond ETFs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So 2 questions real quick. On ETFs, I realize, we're kind of slicing and dicing. But the most recent trends seem to be a little bit of movement away from the biggest plain vanilla product into really slicing and dicing, whether that's the Japan hedged products, whatever. You think that's just a short-term trend, number one? And depending on your answer, does that make you need to slice and dice even more? And then on margins, so the improvement year-over-year in the quarter was 140 basis points and there's some extra costs. So is there any reason why if the market gains hold that you couldn't show a 150, 250 basis point improvement in adjusted margins on a year-over-year basis?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So in terms of the rotation of ETFs and the slicing -- I think you're talking about the slicing and dicing. I think, as I said earlier, I'm repeating myself, but I really do believe if you look at the overall trends, we saw huge investing in the U.S. equities as the world started believing in the U.S. economic story. And we saw a huge investing in Mexico and Japan. As to Japan was obviously a country in which, historically, investors underweighted for years. And I think people were under -- we needed to get equity beta-ed in Japan. And Mexico was just the continuation of a great economic story. I think -- I don't think there's any grand story about mixing and matching. It just illuminates how people are adapting to use more and more ETFs as beta as alpha. And I think that's a very important component. I don't believe -- this does not lead me to believe that we have to mix and match and create more smaller and more divisible types of products. I think clients are looking for big macro-theme products. I don't believe investing in Japan alone is a macro -- is a mix and match or investing in Mexico is a mix and match. What we are seeing is sometimes, some clients don't want to invest in a global index like an MSCI. Some investors want to say, "I want to highlight by owning 7 countries in that index," and they could do that with ETFs and iShares. So you have some clients who are saying, "I would like to just invest in North America," so they could buy a Canadian and a U.S. and a Mexican ETF. So we're seeing various different ways that you could use ETFs and the simplicity of that. And I think that's the major story. It's not a story that we have to divide them up into many more categories. Lastly, in terms of margins, there is no question, as I said earlier, if you take out the onetime charge, our margins would be 100 to 140 basis points higher than it was -- than we announced. I don't like showing -- giving too much granularity on margin. I've always said we expect to see higher margins consistently year after year. Obviously, margins are beta dependent. They're performance or fee dependent. But we will continue to navigate and monitor our expenses. I can control expenses, and that's my commitment to you. I can't control beta. I do believe we'll have higher markets over the course of this coming year. So we will be very disciplined in terms of managing those expenses related to what goes on in performance fees and beta. So what I'm suggesting, you should assume pricing margins predicated on beta. But this is something that we are committed on, and we believe we have great opportunities to expand the margin without harming the future growth of the company. And that's how I'm trying to manage it. We will continue to make sure we are making investments. We will continue to make sure that we have the best investment teams. I will be relentless in making sure we have a firm that is based on performance, and that's my commitment to all of you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. Great quarter. I want to thank all the employees. Once again, our hearts and wishes are out to all those who experienced this -- the problems associated with the Boston terrorist act. We live in these uncertain times. We live in times of -- that are really tough to reconcile at times. And it is our job to provide some consistency to our investors to overcome, once again, a lack of confidence that terrorist acts like this presents to us and our entire country. So with that, let's continue to hope for a great second quarter, and I will be talking to you shortly. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Ann Marie Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert Steven Kapito - President, Member of The Board of Directors, Chairman of Operations Committee, Chairman of Other Committee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, as I do with each of these calls, let me point out to you that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that our actual results may differ from these statements. As you all know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors which may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what's said today. Finally BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll get out of the way and turn it over to Ann Marie.
Ann Marie Petach: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide some brief comments. I'll point out a few highlights in the earnings supplement and, as usual, I'm going to be discussing primarily as-adjusted results. Overall, 2012 was a very good year for BlackRock's clients, shareholders and employees and we're entering 2013 with great momentum. We generated record full year EPS of $13.68, that's up 15% compared to 2011, reflecting a 5% increase in operating earnings and a 3% increase in revenue compared to a year ago. Record quarterly earnings per share of $3.96 were up 29% compared to a year ago, and that's supported by a 24% increase in operating income, and up 14% compared to the third quarter, and that's supported by a 19% increase in operating earnings. The fourth quarter operating margin was 42.6% and the full year margin was 40.4%. This reflects cost discipline, strong investment performance and a trend of continuous improvement. The full year margin was up 0.7 point from 2011 and up 2.2 percentage points since 2009 when we acquired BGI and even more than that, when you compare it to the pro forma combined margin. All that data is on Slide 4 of the supplement. Most importantly, fourth quarter earnings reflected strong revenue growth and positive momentum in net new business across each of our channels. Improved investment performance and positive market. These are important trends as we begin 2013. In the fourth quarter, clients continued to re-risk with particularly strong flows into equities. We saw $31.2 billion into equities, primarily into ETFs and institutional index product. We also saw $12.4 billion of demand for fixed income products, driven in part by retail investors, who maintained their preference for income-oriented products. Defined contribution plan growth drove flows into multi-asset class products. We also saw a demand for single-strategy hedge funds and private equity fund of funds while returning significant capital as we liquidated our PPIP fund after generating a 23.5% return. We believe our strong and consistent cash flow model differentiates us within the financial services industry and allows us first to continue to invest in both organic growth and tactical acquisitions such as the recently announced acquisition of the Crédit Suisse ETF platform that really expands our presence in Switzerland; secondly, it allows us to pay dividends, which we have consistently increased with earnings growth over time; and thirdly, to repurchase shares in the open market. In 2012, we generated $3.1 billion of operating cash flow and our -- and continued our discipline of returning that cash to shareholders. We announced today a 12% increase in our dividend to an annual level of $6.72 per share. This is our fourth consecutive year of a dividend increase with 3 of the 4 increases at a double-digit growth rate compared to the prior year. And to put this into perspective, our dividend is now higher than our 2008 EPS. We've repurchased about 870,000 shares in the quarter for $166 million, and our board approved a 7.5 million share increase in our repurchase authority. This gives us authority to repurchase 10.2 million shares, including the 2.7 million shares remaining under our prior program. And just to review 2012, we repurchased 9.1 million shares for $1.5 billion. And when you combine that with the $1.1 billion we paid in dividends, we returned $2.6 billion of cash to shareholders or 104% of our net income. I'm going to move to the earnings supplement, which you can find on our website. I'm going to skip a number of slides and focus on just 4 slides that tell most of the story. Let's start with Slide 8. As I mentioned previously, we produced a 29% increase in earnings per share compared to the fourth quarter driven by growth in operating EPS. The as-adjusted results reported here did exclude a $30 million onetime expense. In order to ensure compliance with new OCC guidelines regarding short-term investment funds or STIFs, BlackRock chose to sell certain legacy securities at a loss. And to make a onetime $30 million contribution to the STIF funds to maintain the dollar NAV of the funds, while also complying with the new rules. All of the securities affected by the new OCC guidelines have been purchased in BGI funds prior to BlackRock's acquisition to BGI, and were supported by Barclays under our $2.2 billion capital support agreement. Last quarter, we had successfully negotiated a partial release of Barclays' coverage in return for a onetime payment into the funds in excess of what we had expected them to receive under the agreements. Prior to the publication, the new OCC guidelines, BlackRock had been really successfully pursuing a hold to maturity or orderly sale of the securities. Importantly, all the securities added to the portfolio since the BGI acquisition have been at much lower risk. The funds are now fully compliant with OCC guidelines that don't go into effect until July. Also on this page, you can see our nonoperating results. Nonoperating results reflect a $21 million increase in the market value of the co- and seed investment portfolio. And just to mention, the fourth quarter as-adjusted tax rate was 31.4%. 31.5% is likely a good modeling for 2013 -- good rate for modeling 2013 based on what we know as of today. Moving to Slide 10. Fourth quarter revenues were $2.5 billion, that's up $312 million or 14% from a year ago. I already mentioned the strong performance on the disposition-related portfolio and a number of our single-strategy hedge funds with December locks, which both contributed to growth in performance fees of 63% compared to a year ago. We enter 2013 better positioned than we entered 2012, as we do not face the same performance headwinds we faced coming into 2012. So the performance fee related to the disposition portfolio will not repeat in 2013. And just as a reminder, fourth quarter is our peak performance measurement period, with that just eliminated number of funds actually have performance measurement periods in the first quarter, so you always see some seasonality there. We delivered full year growth in BlackRock Solutions and advisory revenues. That's despite the fact that we successfully managed a $75 billion reduction in advisory assets. Those revenues were replaced with core 11 revenues, revenues which are recurring and provide a solid foundation on which to deliver revenue growth in 2013, as the appetite for both Aladdin and advisory opportunities remains strong. Base fees, as you can see on Slide 11, were up $218 million with growth across almost every asset class. In the fourth quarter, we generated a 6.4% annualized organic growth in long-dated assets when you exclude the institutional index, which are lower fee and a bit more volatile in the flow basis. The full year organic growth rate on the same basis was about 4.2%. So when you combine this with market improvements, this was a key driver to the 11.7% growth in base fees in the quarter compared to a year ago. We entered 2013 with the benefit of our 2012 flows -- the 2012 market of improvements and positive flow and organic growth trends. You can see that in the pickup in the growth rate in the second half of 2012. This is all positive [ph] momentum for 2013 revenue growth. As we look forward to 2013, we've made real progress. Outflows and scientific, equity in the fourth quarter were down to $2 billion. And our outstanding performance track record leaves us very confident in this product. Our fixed income performance is also strong in attracting institutional and retail investors. And in fundamental equities, we've made a series of changes throughout 2012 that are beginning to positively impact performance. A number of trends from 2012 are expected to continue into 2013, such as the growth of ETFs retirement themes, including growth in defined contribution assets and growth in appetite for income, solutions and alternative products. In addition, we've positioned ourselves well through organic investments to meet investor appetite for emerging market product, as well as to take advantage of more opportunities with clients in Asia and Latin America. On Slide 12, you can see expenses were up 8%. That compares to the 14% growth in revenue, primarily driven by revenue-related factors, including performance fee-related revenue sharing. The full year comp-to-revenue ratio was 34.9%. This is right in line with our 35% trend, which has been totally consistent over the past 6 years. G&A expense increase is up $30 million were more than explained by our investment in marketing and branding, including the relaunch of our iShares brand. As we look forward, we will continue to invest in our brands. I would expect 2013 marketing expense to be roughly in line with 2012 for the full year, though we do plan to begin the year with very strong messaging. Given the positive client reaction to the campaign, we remain highly confident that this is a critical, long-term investment in the business. So to summarize, in 2012, we delivered organic revenue growth driven by our strategic focus areas, healthy margins and strong operating cash flow which we returned to shareholders. We've consistently run the business to serve our clients and deliver value to our shareholders. Year end is a good time to reflect on a few metrics, which put our consistency and our long-term track record into perspective. Our 2009 dividend was $3.12. Our 2013 dividend of $6.72 is more than double that level. Our pro forma 2009 operating margin for the BlackRock BGI combination was 36.8%. Our 2012 margin of 40.4% has reflected steady year-over-year improvement and has contributed 2 percentage points of operating earnings growth, that's beyond the revenue-related growth in each of the last 2 years and even more than that, in the year of integration. We're particularly proud of this result in light of the investments we've made to grow the business and to serve our clients in an increasingly complex and demanding regulatory environment. Most importantly, our platform, investments and client relations have generated revenue growth, which has been the core foundation to our overall growth in operating income which, when combined with our share repurchases, has accumulated to an 11% 5-year CAGR in EPS. Looking ahead, our focus on performance and the strategic needs of our clients and our ability to generate cash flow and reward shareholders leave us well positioned to deliver in 2013 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thank you, Ann Marie. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. As you can see from the earnings release, our quarterly and year-end financial results were very strong, 14% increase in revenues, 29% increase in diluted EPS compared to the fourth quarter 2011, with accelerating organic AUM growth approaching 7% annualized in the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, we generated $47 billion of long-term net new assets. In total, we generated $60.8 billion when you include cash and advisory. For the year, we generated over $107 billion of long-term net inflows. When you exclude the 2 index products that we previously announced in terms of our outflows, the big, large, fixed-income index product that we lost because we chose because of the fee compression that the client demanded. And also, we should keep in mind during the year, we reduced our advisory assets by $75 billion through the distribution to back to the New York Fed on Maiden Lane and paid a nice profit to the American taxpayers related to our success in navigating those portfolios. So at year end, we ended up with the highest AUM ever at $3.8 trillion. But more importantly, this was not just in one product area. Our AUM levels reached the highest levels in institutional, retail and iShares. Another testimony to the broad-based platform that we've created here at BlackRock. Our equity and multi-asset product classes are each at the highest AUM levels in history. This quarter, we crossed over $1 trillion in institutional index products. In EMEA, we saw client AUM, also at its highest level, now making up over 30% of our total AUM, another point above the diversification of our business model on a geographic base result. So these results clearly demonstrate the tremendous value and the still enormous potential we have in our diversification, our scale and our global reach. We are seeing proof that the investments we have made in people, products, technology over the past 3 years are paying off. And I think it's the consistency that we've been discussing with you that we are going to invest in people and technology. We're going to invest in brand and that is beginning to pay off in the financial results. This quarter, we saw positive asset flows across every client channel in every geographic region. At the heart of our diversification strategy has been a strategic emphasis, a combining act of passive [ph] capacity and capabilities to offer clients a holistic investment solution. To me, it is particularly gratifying that our people have shown quite dramatically that active and passive not only can live together, but indeed flourish to the benefit of our entire organization, but more importantly, to our clients. Our clients are coming to us, not just on one strategy, but a holistic approach. And the fact that we can provide them a beta, a alpha with risk management overlay, no other organization in the world can do that. We also continue to maintain a relentless focus on investment performance and we are seeing continued strong momentum in our fixed income performance and our scientific active equity products, where we have a number of top quartile performers. And we're seeing signs of improvement now in our fundamental equity product sets. And I mentioned last quarter, we have replaced a number of underperforming equity teams over the last 18 months, and I'm pleased to say that most of the changes are behind us. And in each of these new teams, they're performing above their respective benchmarks since they have taken over. These are the investments that we have made, these are the investments that in the short run are very costly, but we are beginning to see the results of those investments. And I feel very confident that we will see those benefits continue in the quarters to come. Our diversification gives us a powerful competitive edge as we move into 2013. In fact, BlackRock, more than any other organization is equipped to meet these client needs in an environment of unprecedented complexity and uncertainty that will differentiate us and help us ensure that we continue to track clients and nurture increasingly deep, hopefully productive, relationships with them. And that is why I'm as passionate as I have ever been about the future of BlackRock. Let me turn to the fourth quarter and the full year results. We have been living in a strange investment environment for some time. Economic and political uncertainty persist. Unfortunately, it will -- they will continue to persist. Lower rebate -- rates remain. A tax on savers remains a problem in terms of the underfunding of pension funds -- plans that are getting worse. And demographic because they're changing with more people entering retirement and living much longer in retirement and are not prepared to meet the needs of elongated longevity of life. So we are seeing with these big macro challenges, we're seeing several megatrends in investment behavior. The secular shift to passive investing in ETFs, a focus on income and retirement, clients are barbelling risk using passive and high alpha product strategies including alternatives. Importantly, these themes represent strategic growth areas for BlackRock with ETFs, income and retirement products, index and alternative strategies, which have accounted for over 50% of our flows in the fourth quarter and 75% of our flows of the year. So these are the themes we discussed over the last few years with consistency. These are the themes that we discussed in our branding initiative to helping our clients understand their issues. And I believe the results of those flows are speaking loudly with selecting the right themes and understanding the macro themes that are impacting the investment environment. Over the last several years, we've invested heavily in our businesses and businesses and teams to position ourself for these megatrends. In addition, in 2012, we began marketing the BlackRock and iShares brand far more aggressively than ever before. Our marketing communication efforts are designed to raise awareness about the investment challenges facing our clients and the breadth of solutions that BlackRock and iShares offer to help navigate these very challenging environments. These efforts have been extraordinarily positive, even more than I and all of us have expected. As measured by increased awareness of our brands, more traffic to BlackRock directly and through intermediaries, and most importantly, in growth in our market share and assets, which is particularly evident in our ETF flows.  With ETFs, we continue to witness broad-based adoption among both retail and institutional clients. We finished the fourth quarter with the #1 share globally with -- in ETFs with $35.7 billion of new assets, our highest net new business in a quarter since the merger of BGI in 2009. In addition, iShares finished in 2012 with net new business over $85 billion or a 33% market share. Again, our best year since 2008, representing a 14% organic growth for the year. I am very pleased to tell you that our iShares AUM ended the year at $753 billion. Clients certainly appear to be re-risking in the fourth quarter. I am not sure I will call it re-risking going forward because when you look at the duration of treasuries, a 15-basis-point movement means you lose your entire coupon or your performance for the year. So what we are seeing is clients understanding the embedded risk that these low interest rates or bonds and are now migrating into equities, not necessarily in re-risking, but looking at the relative values of the income that equities can provide, and importantly, the upside potential in a modestly growing environment in our world. And so this is a huge benefit for us. And I know many people talk about this, a re-risking, and I think we should stop talking about a re-risking because of the nature and the nature of fixed income relative to equities. Our iShares equity in fixed income AUM is up approximately 27% and 25%, respectively. Our Core Series, the new products we debated in October, had about $4.6 billion in net new business, representing about 17% of our U.S. flows. And all our regions posted positive flows in almost every asset class in ETFs. In the coming year, we will do -- we will expect to see a pickup and actively manage ETFs with a change in the SEC rules on derivative use. But I'm very impressed with the statement from Barron's magazine that came out this weekend. And I state, "Actively managed ETFs maybe the biggest story that never quite happened." And so there was a lot of noise about actively ETFs. We believe in them, but we don't expect them to become anything large to the extent of what core type of ETFs will produce. I remain very committed to our -- growing our iShares franchise both organically and through acquisitions. Consistently, we announced last week that we entered into agreement with Crédit Suisse to acquire their ETF business. This is our second ETF acquisition in the past 12 months. Claymore, a Canadian ETF platform, was done in January of 2012, another good example of adding unique product capability and unique markets consistent with what we were saying for the last few years, doing fill-in acquisitions where we believe we have great opportunities. And the Crédit Suisse deal also represents a major new commitment for BlackRock in the Swiss market where we see significant opportunity to build out a full suite of investment offerings in Swiss dollars. And this is as evident by our acquisition or -- the Swiss Re Private Equity funds of funds business, which we closed this past September. Overall, a standout quarter for the year for iShares and we have begun 2013 with an incredible momentum as you could see in the public data of the flows and ETFs in our dominant position. Let me talk about our other strategic initiatives, and the first one is income, which continues to be a focus for all investors. It remains a key market theme and driver of inflows for us. In a low rate and volatile environment, investors are seeking products that can move consistently with the markets, that could withstand changes in our environment. And those are the products with high dividends and high-yield products that provide enough income to warrant the risks. This is leading to strong demand in our income-oriented products which, last year, we generated over $18 billion in flows. We saw this trend manifest up in our retail channels, where we generated long-term net inflows about $4.1 billion, dominated by fixed income and income-oriented products. Both U.S. international retail generated about $2 billion in net new long flows respectively. For the full year, we saw $11.6 billion of long-term net flows, and for the end of the year long-term retail, about $403 billion in this area. In 2012, consistent with what we talked about the barbelling of risk, we launched 3 alternative retail products to bring higher alpha institutional quality hedge funds to retail. We experienced one of our strongest quarters to date in the retail alternative flows about $275 million. We now have nearly $10 billion in retail alternative products. Let me turn to the second strategic initiative and that was retirement, which continues to be a theme about longevity, aging population, changing demographics worldwide which are driving new investment decisions. The market landscape is shifting from defined benefit to defined contribution which is driving strong flows for us. We, in our channel, we generated $29 billion in net flows for the quarter, which represents a 9% organic growth. There's no other DC manager that had a 9% organic growth and of that, $2.4 billion and that's inflows in the fourth quarter. Our LifePath target date suite is a key component of our retirement solutions, generating $3.3 billion of new business in the quarter and $14 billion of flows during the entire year. 2013 will mark the 20th year since we introduced this product, the first target date product in the industry. Another example of the innovation of our platform and anticipating needs for our clients. As we anticipated -- let me go into institutional products first. The institutional products produced about $7.2 billion in net long-term flows, driven largely by barbelling and continued to shift in the multi-asset and passive. For the year, we saw about $11 billion in net long-term flows, once again, excluding those 2 outflows that we proactively removed. And long-term institutional AUM at the end of 2012 ended at about $2.3 trillion. And as we anticipated, the shift to passive has proven to be a significant and long-term trend in the industry, one in which we are very well positioned to benefit. Globally, we added about $15.2 billion in net new business in our institutional index business in the fourth quarter and crossed the $1 trillion threshold of institutional index products. We saw outflows in our institutional active equity and some outflows in our fixed income products. The equity outflows was largely due to rotation out of a large cap equity style box and additional withdrawal from our scientific equity one. Some of this, we would expect it as we changed our managers. Some people buy by contract will change their -- they will pull out assets if we change their managers. This is something we anticipated. This is something that we expected. However, our new teams in these products have already shown a healthy change in our performance, and we expect to see that change over the long period of time as we continue to build out positive alpha in those product areas. And in the fixed income product areas, we are seeing clients trying to navigate, some moving out of core fixed income, into other products whether it is alpha products, like hedge funds, or in some cases reallocating back into equities. We still believe there is a lot of opportunity in fixed income, so I don't want to sound harsh about it. I think many of the income products of fixed income, we have great products. I am very pleased to say, which I'll get into a minute, about our performance. Our performance has been extraordinary in some of these products that we've already emphasized. Let me touch on -- before I talk about performance, let me talk about BlackRock Solutions. Revenues were up 2% for the year and 8% since the last quarter. Our Aladdin business posted a very strong yearly and quarterly growth of about 16% for the year and 10% for the quarter. We added $3.5 trillion in new assets on to our Aladdin platform, with the addition of 16 clients and expanding into 10 existing client mandates. I am very pleased to say that we now have 51 Aladdin clients, and we are analyzing on behalf of our clients' assets now close to $14 trillion of assets that Aladdin now helps our clients in terms of analyzing their risk. We see, at this moment, more opportunity for Aladdin and the use of Aladdin than we've ever seen in the history of our outsourcing of Aladdin products to our clients. The pipeline is extremely robust. The dialogues we're having for utilization of our Aladdin products has never been as strong. Let me now touch on performance, which I'm very pleased to talk about. We have, over the last year, talked about how we have this relentless focus on performance, making sure we fill the needs and the expectations of our clients. Our fixed income platform reap benefits from the past changes with strong 2012 performance. 84% of our fixed income AUM exceeds its benchmarks for 1- and 3-year period of time. We have -- our 3-year performance is better than the majority of our large competitors. And I'm very pleased to say not just in our core products, but we are top decile in our high-yield products. And importantly, our strategic income opportunity product, which is a go-anywhere fund, we are in the top quartile in that product for 1- and 3-year period, beating most of our large peers. In our scientific active equity area, we are going to make a very large push in 2013 because our results are terrific, with 84% of our products exceeding their benchmarks for 1 year and 90% for 3 years. A tremendous turnaround for the team. This product has better alpha than about 95% of all large cap series products in the world. And so we talk about this as a quant product. This product should be sold to the non-quant players. We hope to be showing this to clients who have large core holdings and large cap products because we have a very, very competitive story to-date. It's no mystery, we made some large changes in our fundamental equities because of mixed performance, with less than 50% of our AUM above our benchmark. We're not satisfied with it. We made some very large changes with the knowledge that in some of those changes, we're going to lose assets. This is a fundamental belief that we needed to upgrade our teams, build stronger and more robust teams, and I am very pleased with a short-term results of our new teams. Our emerging equity team that came on board early last year, they were over 700 basis points above the benchmark, exceeding almost everybody in terms of performance. And we are in dialogue with clients about these products. Our European equity, where quite frankly, there's just not much flows into European equities in the last year, but we grew by about $3 billion in European equities. Our 1, our 3- and 5-year track record is in the top quartile. So we have these pockets that have done well. We have had pockets of area that have done poorly, and we replaced those teams and are building those teams up to be much more respectable. In our multi-asset product area, we were about at the 49 percentile for some of the core products, not acceptable, right at the middle essentially. And we are working it very heavily in making sure our teams continue to build performance that hopefully approaches the top quartile. I am very confident in our teams though. Last year, despite being around the 50th percentile, we still produced 11% returns for our clients in that product. And I should say, it is now the 10th year in a row we earned and generated 11% returns. So on an absolute basis, these products have done fabulously well. On a relative basis, we were right in the middle of the pack. And we hope with the investments of -- in our teams to augment our existing great team that we have, that will -- this will benefit in terms even a better performance. And in alternative, we continue to build momentum, and we've had solid, solid performance in some of our products. One of our fixed income products had a 39% return. Other fixed income products had close to 15% returns. It's certainly -- we talked about the PPIP was a huge success we had for the American taxpayers and our clients in terms of 23.5% net performance. That's after fees, by the way, to our clients. Let me look ahead in 2013. I am very thrilled, excited about the coming year, probably more excited than I have in many years. We are seeing tangible results from the changes in the firm's architecture that we announced last summer to better align the needs of our clients. We're seeing a strong response in the investments that we built in terms of investments in brand and other things like that. And importantly, we continue to focus on execution to achieve consistent organic growth and momentum. We're starting to see the results of that in the last 2 quarters. Since the start of a year, we've generated over $14 billion in new fundings, and we're also looking at about a $49 billion largely institutional pipeline. So the funding at the beginning of the year has been large, larger than any year to have $14 billion of fundings in the first 2 weeks and still -- and having a $49 billion pipeline. So growth is coming from an increasingly global set of clients, with the AUM manage for international clients approaching about 50%. And we recognize the importance of reaching clients through the depths of our products, our technology and our global reach. Our focus areas over the past year have all shown good traction and will remain our focus in 2013. We continue to be heavily focused on ETFs. We'll be focused on retirement and income, alternatives, and risk management solutions will remain the growth areas for 2013. In particular, we are putting even a greater emphasis on emerging markets and, particularly, China represents a key opportunity for BlackRock as both the destination and source for investments. China's market development has been marked by a long periods of status quo, punctuated by regulatory driven and often unanticipated changes. To succeed, we realized we need to be engaged in the key discussions and decisions, particularly helping create options to be in the position to execute successfully when there's opportunities emerging in China. And to best position BlackRock in this market, we're developing key relationships by expanding our investments and identifying senior leaders as demonstrated by our recent announcement this week that Hsueh-ming Wang will be joining us as our Chairman of BlackRock China, which is a fantastic hire for us. We have a true noted leader who will be helping us and me guide our position in China. We already have nearly $200 billion in emerging market assets with the majority of those AUM passive products. We believe there's a tremendous opportunity to grow our active franchise. While it takes time, with strong managers, with performance that will attract clients' attention. For example, we hired a top-tier portfolio manager for Asian equities last winter and already his strong results are gaining traction with our clients. So looking forward, we are going to embrace the changing investment landscape and evolve our organization to maintain superior performance and to meet the changing needs of our clients. The drive for performance and excellence is implicit in everything we do, every moment, every day, every time we intersect with our clients. Our business is a fiduciary-based business. And as a fiduciary, investment performance remains our top priority. We are also focused on managing ourself efficiently and working smarter to ensure strong returns to our shareholders. As Ann Marie discussed, we remain committed to returning value to our shareholders. In 2012, we returned over $2.5 billion to shareholders with our dividend and continued strong repurchase activity, buying a total of 9.1 million shares for the year. This will continue to be a priority in 2013. I am very pleased to say that our board approved that 12% increase in our annual dividend and has given us the discretion to purchase additional 7.5 million shares, which is bringing up our capacity now to 10.2 million shares. The things that we have spent -- in the last few years preparing for and positioning our firms are now happening. I've discussed margins in every one of these calls. I said when there's beta, we will scale appropriately. Our business is scaling appropriately. And in the fourth quarter, we posted a 42.6% operating margin, which is a result of strong organic growth, beta, market discipline. And remember, this is a 40%-plus margin in a year where we absorbed a substantial new investment in our brand, investment in our teams and unprecedented levels of regulatory costs. I've always said that we could easily break through the 40% margin in strong markets, and we did. I continue to believe a full year margin of greater than 40% is appropriate, so we will continue to drive efficiencies to making sure that we continue to build our platform and to build the most efficient asset management firm in the world. So in closing, the key takeaways for me are this: One, after 3 years of continuous evolution and focus in investing in our people, our products, our technology and, more recently, our brand, our clients and partners are understanding our business model more than ever before and the results are validating the benefits of the diverse business model we have built. Secondarily, we've continued to differentiate ourselves from our peers, which uniquely positions us to continue to be driving momentum in 2013. And three, we are relentlessly focused on executing against our strategic growth priorities. Let me just state one thing because, obviously, there's always -- there was some uncertainty about leadership at BlackRock. Let me be very clear about my views of the BlackRock leadership. We have what I believe the best, the deepest management team in the industry. Myself and my team will be leading the business for years to come with skill and innovation. I can't tell you how proud I am in working with my team and how much I enjoy having a leadership team that helps me and the entire firm navigate a better future for our clients, a better future for our shareholders. Once again, I need to just thank our employees for really delivering a great year for our clients in terms of performance and what I would say, a great year for our shareholders in delivering the financial results that are expected from us. With that, thank you, everyone. And we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I've got 2 questions; they're kind of related. One, there's widespread belief that investors will reengage in equities and you said in your prepared remarks about re-risking. I'd love to hear -- and we think of re-risking as more tactical in short term -- but would love to hear your latest thoughts on reengagement, which we think is more longer term and strategic. So when accounting for the fiscal cliff, are there indications of reengagement in either the retail or institutional investors? And maybe if so, what are you seeing differently in the beginning of this year or even the end of last year, that may have been different than what we saw in either early 2011 or even early 2010?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Ken, I was trying to talk about that. I agree with you, re-risking is a tactical trade. Obviously, in some areas, that may be happening. But the flows that we're seeing institutionally through iShares and mutual funds, it appears to me that people -- the Federal Reserve's actions in terms of persistent low rates and now making, in my mind, fixed income much riskier, it's hard for me to say moving from fixed income products to equities is a re-risking trade. It's more of a diversification of risk trade maybe. And we are seeing very -- beginning to see some large scale, what I'll call, systematic changes in behavior. Since the beginning of the year, we have one large institutional client heavily oriented towards fixed income. They awarded us about $6.5 billion entirely in equities, mostly in index. But in our conversation with the client, it is a reorientation of risk, how they think about it. And as I said, this investor has predominantly been a fixed income investor, and they're diversifying their portfolios accordingly. And so I think these are -- the movements we're beginning to see is -- it's not tactical anymore. It is much more of a secular movement. And I think that will -- even in the ETF flows, you're seeing a consistent flow. If you look at the flows year-to-date, and I'm talking about the first 15, 16 days in ETF, the flows, I think, as an industry are more than 80% in fixed income. This doesn't feel to me that it's a risk on tactical movement. It's people are looking for exposure in more equity-like products.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I have a quick question, maybe following up to Ken's a little bit just on this topic. I mean, you gave that example where that one institutional client is looking at shifting its allocation towards equities. In your view, I mean how -- if we see that more broadly or if you've seen them more broadly, do you -- outside of maybe dividend strategies, I mean, how do you think -- do you think most of that will actually flow to beta strategies, like your index products, or more to ETFs? And to what extent do you think or the fact that tax rates have gone up at least on individuals and tax flow accounts that, that may even accelerate demand for ETFs and the index products at least in the retail world?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I mean, this one client is a non-U.S. client so tax rates had nothing to do with this one client. It was a global client. I think everyone are looking at different strategies. As you said, I think there is a strong movement towards dividend-oriented products. There is strong movement into beta products, as you barbell, for those clients who are barbelling risk or going into beta products and may be at 20% allocation in the higher alpha products. But it's our view, and this is why we're making these large investments, there's going to be great opportunities in the alpha products. And so I think what you're going to see over the course of a secular trend, which may take 1 to 3 years, maybe longer, you're going to see people, as they get comfortable in equities, maybe through beta products, they're going to start navigating and seeing opportunities in alpha products as long as the risk reward, total return after expenses are greater than the beta products. And so to me, we believe that will be the trend. We're betting on it. We're investing in it. And quite frankly, I'm happy we're not seeing this today because we're building our track record with a lot of our fundamental teams right now. And if the re-risking was going on or the secular change in the active equities today, I'd miss a lot of it because I don't have the duration of time and performance with the new teams. We benefit in some of our teams but not all our teams. So we are pretty pleased with the reorientation into equities chiefly going into beta products. And as we build those relationship with our clients, and this is -- when we did the BGI transaction, I said from the very beginning to a lot of people's skepticism, that having beta and alpha side-by-side is a very strong position. Most people never thought they could be side-by-side. We believe by working with our clients, we're agnostic whether they go into beta or alpha. We want to have a relationship. By having our clients right now going into beta, we know what their emphasis are doing. We know what they're thinking about. And then we now have time as they think to relook at alpha products, that we could have that dialogue. So this is playing totally into our strategy.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: All right, great. And maybe just a follow-up on the money fund business, just kind of curious. I mean, yourselves and a bunch of your peers have announced just in the past week or so about reporting daily NAVs. And in general, at least my general sense is, I guess, the industry is kind of, yourselves including, maybe come to the conclusion that at this point it may not be perfect but maybe floating NAVs is the best solution for some products at least. Can you maybe talk a little bit about your client reaction to that to the extent you've had interactions about it or...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Sure, sure. Let me just be precise with it. We have always had a constructive positioning in this. We always believe that we needed to change the money market industry to make it much safer with less systemic risks. We always believe that we need to create a sounder product for our clients and users of the product. So I've always believed that we needed to have a constructive dialogue with the regulators in Europe and in the United States, so we have taken a much more constructive approach than some of our peers over the years on this point. I am very pleased with the movement that we made in this industry. This was led by Goldman Sachs. But I do believe daily NAV is a good step in -- by providing more transparency, which we've always said at BlackRock, we're prepared to do this. And we may disagree with the outcomes and how they -- what ultimately comes and how do we navigate risk, but we're having a constructive dialogue. I do believe that net result will be a safer money market fund industry, and I believe the product will be sound for investors. I'm not here to suggest that we're 100% supporting floating rate NAV. We believe there's other approaches that could probably achieve the same results without a float, but I'm not -- we're going to be constructive on this. But the key element is to make this a product in which our investors see opportunities to invest to make excess returns. At the same time, making sure as an industry, we don't represent real risk for the industry and for society.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You mentioned, Larry, maybe the last call, last couple of calls, the opportunity to grow the ETF business and the fixed income platform. I'm just a little bit curious if you could maybe update your thoughts on that and where you see the greatest growth from, either geographic or product-wise as well?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Rob Kapito is here as President. He's spending a great deal of time on this. He is the BlackRock board member on our ETF iShares platform. Rob, why don't you just come here and answer that question.
Robert Steven Kapito: So Bill, we see -- we still see a lot of demand in the emerging market sector because clients are still a bit confused as to how to take advantage of the individual areas in the emerging markets, and this gives clients great diversification very quickly with liquidity in that market. So we think that is an area that's going to continue to grow. We also see a significant amount of people that are looking for buy and hold, and that's why we created the new Core Series. And we're starting to see a lot of interest in that Core Series, especially from the individual investor. And that's very exciting and that's why we created that, so we'll continue to be talking about that. And then, of course, we have some innovations that we're going to introduce into the marketplace. One is an ETF that's going to look a bit like a bond but have all the benefits of an equity and the attributes of a bond. And with all people struggling right now to find diversification in the bond market, we think this will be a very liquid and transparent way to get into that market. So we're bringing the BlackRock innovation into the ETF market. And we hope in the next several months to make several introductions into this market with products that we think are very, very much in demand from our clients, both in fixed income and in equities. And I would say the other 2 areas that we're very excited about, of course, is the high-yield area. As people look for more income and diversification, the HYG product that we have continues to grow, and we have top decile managers in that area in the active space. And then we also have the ETF space to offer them product as well. And lastly, with the continued demand for income, our dividend income ETFs are also seeing a lot of interest. So we're very bullish on the products that we currently have. But we're going to bring the BlackRock innovation to bear very, very shortly, and we'll be introducing those into the market. You'll hear a lot about them.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just, Larry, coming back to margins and your commentary about at least 40% margin is notable. Throughout 2012, I think it was a very big year for expenses that you highlighted a few things. As you looked out to this year notwithstanding the marketing spend you mentioned this first quarter about messaging, but are you at a point where the investment spend can't keep up with the revenue growth, that could allow for the margins to be even structurally a bit higher. I mean, all I keep hearing is scale and flow leverage. And so I'm wondering, can you actually plow the money back fast enough not to let the margins go a bit higher?
Laurence Douglas Fink: As you know, Bill, we do manage our investments very accordingly to where we see the -- very specifically related to where we believe our margins should be. We made a lot of investments. I don't believe we have to make as large of investments in terms of portfolio teams. Now we need to start beginning to see the revenues there. But we are going to innovate. As Rob discussed, we'll be -- we are investing a lot of money in technology. We are actually investing a lot of money right now in terms of making sure we're compliant with all of the regulatory issues, which I think is going to be a burden, a much greater burden for our competitors because I don't think they have the technology to do that because I think all of us are going to be facing much greater scrutiny in terms of regulation. And this is not just a U.S. phenomenon, it's a global phenomenon. It's true in Japan and Europe and everywhere else. So it is -- it's broad-based, and we're spending a lot of time on that. But no, if we have a stable to upwardly moving markets, there is no reason not to think that our margins can increase and, therefore, we're not going to need to invest as much going forward as you would continue to see margin increases. But look it, I've come a long ways in the last few years. By talking about baseline around 40% margins, and we've been able to deliver -- some of you think I'm a little too pessimistic on how I try to manage margins, but I really do believe -- if I had to think about what we've done the last 3 years in terms of investing and now we're starting to see those benefits of investing, at the same time, very big increases in our margins. So we are -- we will continue to invest where we see appropriate. I will continue to buy fill-in companies in terms of capital management, buying companies that we see -- the opportunities like we saw with Claymore or the Crédit Suisse ETF platform. So it's going to be a mixture of investing and passing through higher margins to our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, just given your focus on organic revenue growth really versus organic AUM growth, can you provide some perspective here on the mix shift that we're seeing away from active equities and alternatives and maybe look at it a different way? And I also know lower industry demand for C assets [ph] is kind of impacting this. But what do you really expect management fee accretion from growth from higher fee products? Is this something you're still looking for?
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. I mean, we still -- in our trends, we are still seeing the fact that revenue growth, from what we see in our own data, is exceeding AUM growth. And that's founded on -- some of the growth we're experiencing is in channels and opportunities where those fee relationships inherently are higher. And if you just think about within, for example, the fixed income world, what's more appealing now is a more specialized product compared to a more core product. So we have been seeing that trend within our 2012 data, and we do expect that again in 2013.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just a follow up on the Solutions revenue, which had a really nice sequential pickup here. Can you help us think about any seasonality or unusual items that may have impacted the fourth quarter results? And also, can you provide us an update on the revenue mix here? I believe there's kind of 3 main segments, one is sort of risk management Aladdin, two is long-term AUM and three is really short-term assignments.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. Oh...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Oh, go ahead -- I'll talk about the -- you talk about...
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. So first of all, with respect to the quarter, it was a very clean quarter. A year ago, we had a onetime large completion. So when you look at it compared to a year ago, that's the difference you are seeing. But if you look at this fourth quarter, it was a pretty clean quarter. And as I've said before, the mix of those core Aladdin revenues are 65% to 70% of those overall revenues. So you're down to what I would call the non-repetitive. We've got to earn them again, or a vast minority of the assignments. So, so much of our BRS assignment revenues are now coming from the core repeatable revenues.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would say what you're also seeing is a number of completions in the setting up of the Aladdin assignments. As you know, the setup of Aladdin, the implementation phase, very low fee, very highly cost in terms of manpower -- of the implementation. And when you begin to now go from implementation to having the full Aladdin setup working for our clients, then the overall fees kick in. And that's also what you're starting to see on the revenue line of Aladdin revenues. And as I always used to say, sometimes we got to balance it out because when you are doing the initiation and the setup of Aladdin, it's -- they're very low fees and very high expenses, harmful for our overall margins. But once that kicks in, obviously it's a net positive in the margins. And so you're seeing the completion of implementations and the beginning in some of these clients of the full Aladdin setup. And as I said, we have an extraordinary pipeline in 2013 in terms of the Aladdin utilization.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe a question on the cash flow. You guys increased the dividend and increased the authorization. I think if we look over the past 2 years just on the buyback side, you had some ongoing buybacks and then you had some, I don't know, unusual or the big tranches. So when we start thinking about going forward, your strategy on the dividend seems very clear. But when you look at the remaining, say, roughly $2 billion of cash flow that you generate, do you have like a sense of like priority of like 50% of that will be used for ongoing buybacks and 50% maybe for small acquisitions, investments, seed, regulatory? Just trying to get a sense if we can somewhat predict...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, it's hard for me to -- first of all, we do have a strong consistent dividend policy. Then the rest of the capital management I look at are the opportunities we're investing. If I see opportunities in investing that are more creative than share repurchase, I will do more of that. If I don't see as many opportunities -- or we have many opportunities that don't require that much money. Our commitment is to be really robust in our capital management after, as you said, regulatory stuff and all that other stuff. So there could be a moment in which the ratios move quite extraordinary to all share repurchase of our cash to a period of time when we see opportunities, a smaller repurchase program because of opportunities in the inorganic acquisition area. But you should assume, if we believe -- if we are going to do an acquisition -- in every acquisition, it has to be accretive to share repurchase.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned in the past that the ETFs, sometimes you experience some seasonality as the year goes on and fourth quarter is strong. But it also feels like the structural growth in the adoption of the ETF product is underlying, driving a lot of the strength. So I just want to get a sense, like 2012 was a strong year overall, the fourth quarter was strong. Do you still tend to see some seasonality in the first half of the year? Or do you feel like, given the marketing spend, given the structural growth that you're seeing, that's enough to offset some of that seasonality?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, last year, we didn't see that seasonality that we saw all the years before. So we always used to see a huge fourth quarter and outflows in the first quarter. And last year, that did not happen. And so far, this year, we're seeing strong inflows after a strong fourth quarter, which, if this persists, I think it is fair to say there's structural growth in the industry itself. And it certainly feels like there's structural growth in the industry. And as the largest participant in this, we're a beneficiary of that. So I'm not going to make one claim at the moment. I don't think I have enough information. But if we're -- in our conversations with our clients, more and more clients are adopting a utilization of ETFs. In fact, clients today that have heavily used lower fee index funds, they're now saying, "Okay, I want a percent of my index funds to have even greater liquidity." And so they're seeing -- so they're seeing some now investing in higher cost ETFs relative to their index fund, but that allows them with much more flexibility and portability for them in terms of navigating their asset allocations. So you are seeing more utilization, more adaptation of ETFs, I think, worldwide.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A question on the alternative business. You mentioned that you're growing your alternative retail AUM. You had some good flows there. But I guess if you look at the overall dollars in the alternative buckets, still relatively small, I guess, versus the totality of the business and maybe the opportunity. Can you talk a little bit about this convergence, which I think might be a bit of a buzzword? But I mean, the alternative retail opportunity for you guys, what that means and what sort of the outlook is to grow alternative product in the retail channel?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, let me let Rob answer that.
Robert Steven Kapito: So like institutional investors that are trying to get some more yield and better returns in a low rate environment, the retail investor has also now started to look for alternative investments. Previous -- in previous years, you had to be an accredited investor, and there wasn't a wrapper that was sufficient to be able to sell to the individual investors. And over the last several years, we've cracked that code and have been able to create mutual funds that have alternative type investments in them. We have launched a series of these mutual funds now that have alternative type investments in them in the various sectors, whether they be anything from commodities, real estate and almost quasi hedge fund-like products that we are already seeing some very strong demand and have interest from all of the wire house systems to be the manufacturer of that particular product for their distribution. So we expect that to continue. The second area that I would put in alternatives would be model-based investing where a lot of the individual investors are also clamoring for more yield. And that is going to be distributed through models that we are going to provide to the distribution houses where they will either execute the trades based upon our models, or we will execute the trades, and a good portion of that is going to be in alternative investments. So today, there is much better wrappers and much better products that are going to allow the individuals to invest. And we expect to play a very big role in the manufacturing of that product for the individual investor.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just in the multi-asset class segment, if you will. Can you talk a little bit about how those products are being used in the channel? I mean, obviously, performance, is there sort of, I guess, more of a risk-management approach when you think about those products versus maybe more sort of upmarket capture vehicles? Or you could just discuss what's happening in multi-asset class a bit.
Robert Steven Kapito: So there are both sides to that. There are those that want to take more risk in those, and there are those -- there are probably more people that want a risk-managed approach to the multi-asset product. And there, again, we're doing the same thing for the individual investor that we're doing for the retail investor. I would just say that the space has become very crowded because a lot of the smaller hedge funds are crowding into spaces such as the distressed areas such as the credit area. But the biggest piece of that is going to be what we're going to call "outcome type" products where people are looking for a specific outcome and -- or you can describe that as target date. And we're putting together those type of products in the multi-asset area that I don't think a lot of our competitors are really thinking about. And that takes a lot of technology and risk management in order to provide the appropriate outcome to the type of investor that's there. So in the generic hedge fund, distressed type multi-asset, there we're seeing a lot of competition. But in the multi-asset where it's more risk managed, target date, outcome oriented, that's where we're really going to be able to grow. One area that we have that you'll notice, we're working on the performances, our global allocation product. It's a flagship product. Over any 10-year period you want to look at, it's had stellar performance. Last year, our performance was not as good as some of our other competitors, and that's because we had a little less risk on it. But the long-term performance is very good, and it's a go anywhere-type of product, global-type product that clients will continue to look for, and we have a good long-term record in that. And we hope to continue to raise more assets in it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I just wanted to come back to the ETF business and maybe a little bit more detail. You just talked about the strength in the fourth quarter and year-to-date, but I think one of the things we would point out is clearly, that you've benefited from the whole index shift between, well -- that Vanguard announced. And when we talk to some investors in that space, clearly, some people switched right away back to your product. So just wondering, when you talk to institutional investors in this space, do you think there's still a big pipeline of folks that are evaluating and might shift back to -- or want to be in the MSCI products and will be in your iShares products? Or do you think that's basically behind us and it's now a battle for new flows?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, first of all, Vanguard is a tremendous firm, a great competitor. They're a big client of ours. We have never done anything in -- as something that we are -- a fight between BlackRock and Vanguard, that's a topical myth by the media. We are just trying to execute our strategy and provide what we think are great outcomes. We are still in conversation with a number of large-based clients right now on our emerging market product to go into our emerging market ETF. And so specifically, to your question, there are still more flows to come, we think. But let me just cite one other reason. Our tracking error on that product was better than our competitors. And so when -- once again, people just talk about management fees, and we have kept on telling everyone, "You're not looking at the total way how they should be looked at." Especially for institutions who are cognizant of tracking error bid/ask spread among the issues around management fees. And so when we look at our positioning and our -- even in our emerging market product area, we had a very competitive product last year. So it's not just because of a change of index. It is also because, if you look at our success in navigating that portfolio in 2012, we had better tracking error, and we have a very tight bid/ask spread. So you add tracking error bid/ask spread plus the fees, they're very competitive to each other. And that's how we look at everything. And I think the marketplace is starting to recognize it in terms of efficiency for after-tax. No firm can claim better than us. We spend a lot more time in making sure our clients get a complete product, whether that is tracking error, whether that's tax efficiency. So we think about all these things. We just don't think about one dimension. And I do believe it is that consistency of looking at it on behalf of our clients, whether this is the appropriate index, whether we have the right tracking error, whether we are managing to an after-tax return, I think it all comes together that we have a very compelling product.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's very fair. But just to stay on the index side just for one more minute, or one more question here, I think in the past, when you've talked about the whole pricing competition and so forth, you've also said that maybe in the process, you might be able to reduce some of the index fees you pay to save some of the expenses. So does this whole index selection now show that there's actually a lot of power in the index and we'll not see abilities to reduce pricing there? And then on the flip side, does it actually give you more appetite to be in that index business yourself, if regulators allow it, either by buying somebody or building something out organically, which I think you've talked about before?
Laurence Douglas Fink: So as a fiduciary, we have to be relentless in terms of our expenses. We have constant dialogue with our service providers, whether they're index providers or custodial banks, to get the lowest fees possible. At this moment, we have no true desire in buying an index provider. They do a very fine job, but their -- our job is to be a fiduciary, making sure we get the lowest fees, but also helping -- being partners with the index providers. And quite frankly, we believe MSCI provides a great index product. They've done a very good job, in my mind, navigating global index products. And we will continue to work with them, but we will continue to be a fiduciary on behalf of our clients, making sure we have the lowest fees.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just wanted to come back to the institutional client that you mentioned who is predominantly fixed income switching back to equities or in discussions to do so.
Laurence Douglas Fink: They have done it.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So it's done. So curious to get -- I've seen you talk about it in the past increased allocations to alternatives, now we have this whole debate of fixed income to equity. So that particular client, what sort of allocation strategy did they have before in percentages by asset bucket, if you will? And how are they shifting that now?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I don't -- that's -- I've never -- I don't know that. That's not terribly transparent to me. We -- but it's fair to say this client is heavily dominated by fixed income products by the nature of its liabilities, the nature of what it historically looked at risk. And what they're saying today, that because of low interest rates -- and keep in mind, this is not a dollar-based institution. It's not a U.S. institution. They believe you're going to be able to get higher returns with the appropriate risk. So it was an extraordinary amount of reallocation into equities and we are a benefit of that. We having dialogues with many global institutions now about this whole idea of relooking at equities, and I think this is going to be one of the major themes of 2013. And as I said, I don't know if this is -- we should call this a re-risking strategy anymore. That's my new view. It's looking at, on a risk-adjusted basis, where -- on a relative value, where you can have the most appropriate returns. And so I think you're going to see movement -- more movement into equities, and this has been my overall theme personally for the last 2 years, and it's now starting to manifest in behavior with our clients.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. So along the same lines, and then I'll -- just one last one from me after that is, is there an intermediate step in terms of -- do you think that balance funds, hybrid funds take more inflows than equities in the near term instead of just a larger shift from one asset class to the other?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No question. There are going to be some -- especially on the retail side, you're going to see people looking for more -- a global allocation-type of product, giving the management of a fund the responsibility of allocating across sector and product and region. So it really depends. So a lot of clients believe they could do that themselves. They have their own CIO, and they're using our products as vehicles in doing so. And other ones are going to say, "Why don't you guys do that on top of what we already asked you to do?" So I don't view it as one trend in that. It really depends on the specificity of a client. Does the client have their own CIO? Do they not? How do the clients think about it? Do the clients have consultants -- if a client has a consultant, they may think a little differently because a consultant will do the allocation, working alongside with the client. So I don't think there's one prescribed behavior. I am pleased to say that we are in dialogue with many clients working alongside with their consultants, working directly with the clients in terms of talking about risk exposures in a low rate environment.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then one last one for me, and sorry to make you sort of repeat yourself on the operating margin, but we've talked a lot about the marketing spend and where you are on that, but you also made a comment that a lot of the hiring on the equity side, the active side of the business, is kind of behind you. So given that, if we continue to see a bigger portion of your assets and revenues in the passive side of the business, is it fair to assume that the comp ratio should go down? So that should be an incremental benefit to the margin as well, right?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I hope our barbelling at BlackRock continues and we have just as great a performance fees, if not greater. I am very pleased to pay a lot of comp when our teams pay -- provide the returns that they did. So I'm not going to make a judgment on that, but if -- there's no question, if more and more money goes into beta products, then you would see changes in the comp line in terms of that behavior. But our success will be -- if a lot of money goes into beta, there is going to be money going into the alternative strategies that we get a component of that, too.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Daniel Fannon with Jefferies & Company.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess just a follow up on a comment you made about some of the outflows you have been seeing on the active equity side as a result of the personnel turnover. I guess, where are you in that process? And do you think we should see more of that over the next kind of 6, 12 months?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Actually, with -- one of our recent teams that we brought on we're actually in the process of potentially having a big block of assets moving to BlackRock. So -- but if we have the performance with our new teams where -- we will not see the outflow. So I don't -- I think we're chiefly behind. I know of one area where we -- I think in the first quarter we're going to see some outflows, but it's very modest. But in all the other cases, I think those outflows are chiefly behind us. And as I said, we're now seeing -- we're now in dialogue of a big block going into one of our new team's products.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then I guess on the regulatory front, you've already addressed the money markets side. But I guess, if you could maybe update us on the sec lending potential changes in Europe and then any other issues out there that you are either monitoring or thinking might be impactful to the business over the next kind of [indiscernible]...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, there's no regulatory changes for sec lending. There was a non -- there was a group that's talking about sec lending, but it was -- there's nothing -- that was not a regulatory statement. It was just a group that's saying there should be issues. So that's not -- we're going to have more supervision. We're going to have to be more buttoned down. We're prepared to be working with all our regulators and providing more data, more research. To me, that's going to be -- we're going to see a lot more scrutiny and much more need for information to our regulators worldwide. So it's not -- it's something we're living with. We're not fighting. It's just part of our business. But I don't -- we're going to see in Europe the whole changes in retrocessions, so the -- that is going to be probably the biggest change. How do you reward your distributors? How do distributors make money in an area where there's no retrocessions? That's going to be the big change in 2013 in Europe. And quite frankly, I think, worldwide, that question is being asked. How transparent are the costs of execution? How transparent are the costs of information to the retail clients going to be? And how does that impact manufacturers like BlackRock and everyone else? But we're in front of it. We believe we are navigating this quite successfully. As you know, part of our investment in teams, we have teams in Brussels and we have teams in Washington working with our regulators. And so we're involved in that. That was part of our investment, making sure we are considered a constructive information provider to our regulators that we're helping them think about risks and thinking about how they should navigate going forward. So it is just part of our business, and we're not fighting it. And we're building the functionality to provide the information that our clients -- that our regulators are going to ask of us. And I would underscore -- they're going to ask us for that information. They're going to ask every one of our competitors. Maybe that's one of the reasons why Aladdin is picking up more an accelerated type of request for Aladdin because we're going to be in a pretty good position by having our Aladdin position, by providing the transparency of information to regulators. I can't say that about a lot of other firms, and that could be why we're seeing more inquiry.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Hopefully, everybody enjoys 2013. And let's hope Washington gets its act together and that we could have a sensible solution in terms of our deficits. And if we have that, we can have a very productive year in our markets. That is, in my mind, the biggest drag to our economy. The economy is not dragging by itself, but Washington is dragging our economy by inaction and importantly, confusion. So I'll leave it at that. Thanks, everyone. Thanks to all the employees. I look forward to talking to everybody after the first quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Ann Marie Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert Steven Kapito - President
Analysts: Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Matthew J. Mallow: Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow. I'm the General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me remind you, as we do at the beginning of each of these calls, that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements, and we call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements, and we assume no duty to and we don't undertake to update any of the forward-looking statements that may be made during the course of the call. So with that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie.
Ann Marie Petach: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. We have a lot to cover today. I'll provide some brief comments then move to the earnings supplement. We generated a record EPS of $3.47 per share this quarter, reflecting increases in both operating income and revenues of between 3% and 5%. That's compared to both a year ago and to the second quarter. Results were also supported by an increase to 40.7% operating margin that reflects strong cost discipline and performance. Our earnings growth this quarter reflected the diversity and strength of the BlackRock platform across products, styles and regions; our focus on clients and performance, and Larry is going to talk a lot more about both of those, and building our brand, which I'm going to talk a little more about; and an increase in investor confidence. The market tone improved materially in the third quarter. Average world markets improved more than 3% sequentially and almost 5% compared to 2011. This led to -- led clients to seek the tools to move quickly back into equities and generated overall positive business momentum. We had $22 billion of inflows into BlackRock equity products. The preference for equities represents a major shift in sentiment from the fixed-income bias we were seeing across the platform in prior quarters. We saw strong interest in equities across our iShares franchise as well as in our institutional business. Retail investors, however, still favored fixed income, where we generated over $6 billion in net inflows into Retail fixed-income products, again reflecting our ability to use the diversity of our platform to meet client needs across asset classes and styles. Larry is going to discuss how our focus on revenue and profitability led to an outflow of $74 billion of fixed-income index assets with very minimal revenue consequences. We continued our discipline of returning cash to shareholders by repurchasing 960,000 shares in the quarter for about $170 million. Year-to-date, we bought back 8.2 million shares, which we repurchased for $1.3 billion. We've paid out $800 million in dividends this year. That's already returning in aggregate over $2 billion of cash to shareholders supported by strong operating cash flow. And to put the 8.2 million share repurchase into perspective, this year, we granted 2.5 million new shares for compensation, and our outstanding share base eligible for repurchase about 172 million shares. I'm going to move to the earnings supplement, which you can find on our website. I'm going to skip a number of slides and just hit the highlights. As usual, I'll be discussing primarily as-adjusted results . So I'm going to move us right ahead and actually begin on Slide 8. We produced a 23% increase in earnings per share compared to third quarter 2011. Operating EPS benefited from revenue growth, expense discipline and share repurchases. Nonoperating results reflected an increase in market value of the co-investment portfolio, particularly in private equity and in distressed credits, offset partially by higher interest expense. The year-to-date as-adjusted tax rate was 30.8%. 31% continues to be a good modeling level for the full year based on what we know as of today. The compensation-to-revenue ratio was 35.2%, and this is right in line with our long-term trends. Operating income of $876 million was up $27 million from a year ago, supported by strong revenue growth, as shown on Slide 10. Third quarter revenues were $2.3 billion. That's up $95 million or 4% from a year ago. Strong performance on single-strategy hedge funds with September 30 blocks drove a year-over-year increase in performance fees. BlackRock Solutions and advisory revenues of $128 million were up 9%, driven by an 18% increase in our core line revenues, which more than offset the decline of revenues associated with the runoff in our disposition assets. Those dispositions have successfully returned money to our clients sooner than originally expected, including assets managed on behalf of the U.S. taxpayers. That appetite among clients for BRS remains exceptionally strong, allowing us to continue active dialogue across the globe regarding both Aladdin opportunities and advisory opportunities. Base fees, as seen on Slide 11, were up $75 million. Driven by asset inflows and market improvements, we saw growth across all asset classes with the exception of alternatives and active equities. We've offered the products to meet clients' preferences for income, indexing, liquid ETFs and multi-asset class products. Our active fixed-income revenues have benefited from our strong performance, and Larry is going to touch on that some more. Active equity revenues were negatively affected by outflows from scientific products. And by the way, these products now have excellent performance. 93% of these products are now above benchmark on a 3-year basis. So we do expect an eventual reversal to inflows. Flows were also affected by retail clients' continued preference for fixed income over equities. Larry's going to talk about focus on performance and positive recent trends where some of our active equity product performance has lagged. With respect to alternatives, returns of capital on distressed credit products and outflows in one of our largest macro hedge funds, and really, that's partially because of volatility of the fund and partially because it's been just a source of liquidity for certain clients, offset many areas of success, including we've had $600 million of new funds raised year-to-date with retail investors in alternatives. And that was really from nothing. We've got U.S. Retail now investing in alternatives. At the same time, European retail investors were pulling out of some of the alternative products. Alternatives do remain an important long-term growth area. Now turning to Slide 12. Expense increases in the quarter included $25 million associated with the launch of our $1.6 billion closed-end municipal bond fund. When you exclude this cost, expenses were up 3% compared to a 4% increase in revenues, primarily driven by revenue-related factors. G&A was down as we reduced occupancy costs associated with double rents in 2011 that was associated with both our Princeton and London moves. Marketing was stable because we actually paused our brand advertising in the summer months. We will see marketing expense step back up in the fourth quarter. Given the positive client reaction to the campaign so far, we remain highly confident that this is a critical long-term investment in the business. So we will be continuing this and, as you saw, we started with the iShares brand. On Slide 14, moving on to sequential quarter results, EPS was up 12%, or $0.37, supported by both operating and nonoperating improvements. $44 million of sequential improvements in operating income were driven by revenue, as seen on Slide 16. Performance fees improved by $62 million, driven by the third quarter locks and the strong hedge fund performance that I mentioned earlier. The fourth quarter is our peak performance measurement period. As we've suggested before, it's difficult to forecast performance fees. Returns on some of our larger hedge funds move up or down multiple percentage points in just a few days, leaving it uncertain exactly where the funds will be relative to high watermarks on the lock date. The situation at this point is not dissimilar to a year ago. So it looks comparable by -- really, in a good scenario, could have upside. Base fees were up $34 million. That's despite a $28 million seasonal decline in sec lending revenue. The decline in BRS revenues is attributed to the runoff I talked about earlier, and again, not indicative of where we are with clients. When you exclude the seasonal sec lending effects I mentioned a minute ago, base fees improved across almost all asset classes due to positive market movements and net asset inflows. Sequential expense increases were driven primarily by our closed-end launch and revenue-related factors. These were partially offset by a $33 million decrease in marketing due to that summer pause in advertising. I've already mentioned nonoperating. So a wrap-up on Slide 21. We delivered a healthy margin, generated strong operating cash flow and continued our share repurchases. We saw our focus areas resonating with clients, translating into organic AUM and revenue growth. Looking ahead, we're exceptionally well positioned to meet our clients' needs for liquidity in products, such as ETFs, for income, risk management, multi-asset class solutions and long-term active returns. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thank you, Ann Marie. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. I want to leave more time for Q&A today. At the last meeting, I think we had to abbreviate a lot of the questions and truncate them. So we're going to leave more time for them. So I'm going to try to incorporate by market views in my business commentary. Of course, if anyone has any questions related to our views or what we see going on, we're happy to answer that during the Q&A. Our third quarter demonstrated the benefits of our efforts over the past few years to position the firm to meet the needs of our clients in this rapidly changing environment. We built a platform with a strong belief that clients need solutions. We needed this platform with the idea that we're going to have extreme market volatility for the coming years. That doesn't mean we're going to be down. It may mean we're going to be substantially up with some down periods. But I do believe we're going to still be in an era of uncertainty, of volatility, and we're going to be in an era where politics will intersect with economics. And this is a very large change that we've witnessed in many other markets, and I think this is going to be a part of our markets in the coming years. So with that, our clients are looking for more solutions, our clients are looking for more answers. And I do believe how we position BlackRock, a diversified platform that combines both alpha and beta, is going to be allowing us to have a more complete, more robust dialogue with our clients. We are also a partner for our clients in terms of understanding the issues around risk and solutions. And we're helping them solve problems and achieving objectives, not just selling products. I do believe the role of asset managers worldwide is about solution providing, not about selling products. And this is one thing that we have attempted to reposition ourselves to be more thoughtful and to be more responsive to our clients' issues around this volatility, around this uncertainty, around the interchange between politics and economics. We also need to provide our clients with liquidity tools, which allow investors to respond on a cost-effective basis and quickly allowing them to rapidly deploy different pools of money in different parts of the region in these changing markets, and it's obviously the changing world. I believe most platforms in the asset management business cannot provide this unique -- this -- and this is one of the big reasons why we spent these last few years in repositioning the organization and moving this organization in a very aggressive manner to be into this position. Thanks to the work that we've done in the past few years, we are better positioned than any time in our history. This is -- I'm as constructive about our future as I've ever been in our history, and we believe that our model can deliver strong results for our shareholders, as evidenced by our record earnings for this quarter with diluted EPS around $3.47, up, as Ann Marie suggested, 23% year-over-year, with margins over 40%, which we've described over the last few quarters as a core objective for us to have rising margins. Let me talk about investment performance. We've made a number of investments to enhance our portfolio management teams to improve performance and add capabilities. I believe we've made as many changes in some of our portfolio management teams as any organization, as we promised our investors, "We are not going to let you down, we're going to continue to try to build. And if we have -- if we're not successful, we're going to attempt to rebuild." So on our fixed-income franchise, where we were particularly focused last year, we are now seeing really outstanding results. 76% and 78% of our active, taxable, fixed-income AUM exceeds this benchmark of peer medians for the 1- and 3-year periods, respectively. This is driving net new business in our retail fixed-income area, and we expect it to continue to drive more solution-based relationships. Remember, this is an area where I acknowledged that we had shortcomings, and I promised that we are going to focus on it and fix it. And we have done that. Let me turn to alternatives, which has also been an area where we described over the last few years we're going to put investments in there and we're going to continue to be -- build great momentum. And our performance throughout the alternative area speaks very loudly of what we have accomplished. We have delivered solid performance in many of our single-strategy hedge funds. Our market-neutral equity hedge fund has returned 20% over a 3-year annual return. Our model-driven, fixed-income hedge fund has a 12% 5-year annual return, outperforming its -- all its benchmarks. And more importantly, for those who are looking for more stability, we've had 15, I want to underscore 15, consecutive quarters of positive absolute performance. Our fundamental fixed-income diversified hedge fund is up over 13%. And despite its volatility, it is considered one of the real leaders in the hedge fund business. Overall, our net new business in the hedge fund this quarter was muted, though, by some of the outflows of our largest macro hedge fund due, as Ann Marie described, the volatility and partly because it was a source of liquidity for certain events. These outflows are overshadowing some incredibly strong momentum. We are seeing more growth and interest in many of our strategies than we've ever seen before. In fact, in the third quarter, we had over 30 new U.S. institutional assignment in our alternative space. So the breadth of our platform is changing. Importantly, our clients are starting to look at BlackRock not just in a barbell strategy, not just for beta types of strategy, but now beta and alpha strategies, especially in the alternative space. We expect this momentum to continue in the next few quarters as we are seeing more and more opportunities in our hedge fund space. In the third quarter, we also returned $690 million of money because we were successful in an opportunistic fund. The results were positive and, unfortunately, does show an outflow in our external reporting. We are also happy to announce in the third quarter that we've closed on the acquisition of Swiss Re Private Equity fund of funds, adding $6.2 billion of AUM to our existing platform. And we'd like to welcome all our new partners in that business. And importantly, we look forward to expanding our alternative presence in Europe and in Asia. Let me turn to the scientific active equity performance and to turn to the top tier results with 89% and 93% of its AUM benchmarks for the 1- and 3-year period. With performance back in our side, we are in a position to compete for the quant flows again. People are asking questions, now that for the last 1.5 years when we got back up to the higher watermarks and some clients did leave, that's why we have witnessed some persistent outflows. But we are beginning to see some real dialogue together in the United States and in Europe with our SAE performance. But I want to particularly highlight our Asian SAE, where we're seeing a strong flows because we've had an incredibly long and strong track record, which is significantly outperforming our benchmarks across-the-board. Our fundamental equity, I spoke about that in the last few quarters, and it has been a disappointment. I just want to be a little bit more specific now. We are focusing intently on performance and our teams. Our performance issues are concentrated in a handful of teams, mostly in the United States. Our European platform is doing quite well. However, we're just not seeing the equity flows in alpha products in Europe as we are seeing it in the beta flows in equities. But I want to just emphasize we made some very large changes in our teams. And over the last quarter, where we have made changes in our teams, such as our large-cap teams, the early results have been very positive. Our performance in the last quarter has been in the top quartile. So we are -- obviously, a quarter is not something we want to constantly talk about because it's not significant enough to start reversing flows and starting to see real inflows. But what it does tell us, we are selecting the right teams. We're bringing on more teams who can provide the excellent performance that we want, and we're integrating them. But so far, we have been very pleased with the change in performance over the last quarter. And so far this quarter, our performance in those -- with our new teams continues to be very good, obviously, in the first 16 days of the month. Despite the headwinds around these teams, we delivered exceptional performance in our largest fundamental equity products. Our Equity Dividend product, which added $4.7 billion in net new business this year, has done quite well. In addition, our European equity fund has had top decile performance. So when Europe re-risk, and I'm sure it will, we should be in a very good position. We're also very well positioned in Asia, where we made a large investment in our Asian equity teams. And we're -- we expect to have more and more dialogue there. What I'm trying to translate to you as we are making these investments, these investments are worldwide. We want to be in a real position when the markets do re-risk, that we're in a position not just in the U.S., but we're in a position in equities in Asia and Europe. In the multi-asset area, we've had a mixed year. 75% of our funds were above our benchmarks over the first year but only 33% in the last 3 years. And so obviously, we've had an improvement this year, but that's just not enough. We're aggressively in the market telling our story about the consistency of our multi-asset products, particularly our Global Allocation product, which has delivered 11% annual return over the last 10 years. Let me turn to our clients' needs and responding to the markets and our view in the markets in the future. This requires us to constantly look at ourselves and innovate and change and respond. We cannot stand still as to how we are positioned with our clients because our clients' issues are changing. And so this requires quite a bit of attention, making sure we're delivering all the types of ideas, that we're capable of doing it. So in today's investment environment, clients want a variety of tools to meet their investment objectives, not just passive product, but they want to see all forms of products. They want to see what we can provide in institutional index or ETFs, which is a growing part of our toolkit, which most firms cannot provide that balance of active and passive. This is why we did the BGI merger. We believe that there is a need for a firm to provide that completeness in product and a completeness in products worldwide. BlackRock, we believe, is -- has built the largest and most comprehensive suite of solutions in the industry. And we're combining this capability with the thought leadership that BlackRock is known for. Let me give you a few examples of that. Our variable annuity wrap product combined active products with ETFs and annuities to create the target date retirement products that mirror the benefits of a defined benefit plan. Our model portfolio for financial advisers allow us for asset allocation using both alpha and beta strategies in combination with BlackRock's technology and risk infrastructure, bringing really great tools to the financial adviser's toolkit. In one of our pension clients, we used our technology and our iShares ETFs to convert over 1,500 illiquid fixed-income securities into 4 ETF products to provide liquidity and transparency. This also reduced our clients' operational risk and operational fees that they're paying to custodians by eliminating 1,500 securities and going into 4 ETF products. I believe this is going to be a new trend in the fixed-income arena, and we believe this will have a much broader component of our business in the future. These new issues are what I'm talking about, client solutions. These are not cookie cutters. They require thoughtful analysis. It requires understanding of our clients' needs. And this is not driven by product pushing. This is the power of providing both active and beta strategies, along with our risk management capabilities. Let me talk about iShares. We had an incredibly good quarter, the best since we acquired the business in 2009. iShares has positioned itself for growth by developing the right products to meet client needs. As a result, we generated $25.2 billion of net new business this quarter. iShares was the industry leader in the third quarter and year-to-date market share of flows, capturing 31% of global flows for the third quarter and 26% flows for the year. iShares' third quarter 2012 flows were more than double our third quarter 2011 flows, and we captured the #1 of flows in all 3 months. In the third quarter, iShares' flows were up more than 300% from the second quarter of 2012, driven by a substantial increase in equity funds, which were up over $20 billion in the quarter. Earlier in the year, iShares saw strong growth in its fixed-income products. But as market momentum shifted this quarter from fixed income to higher-fee domestic and international equities, iShares was as well positioned as any ETF provider to benefit from that, again highlighting the benefits of a broad platform that thinks about solutions for our clients. In the third quarter, 82% of our $20.5 billion flow into equity ETFs, the remainder went into fixed-income and alternative strategies. U.S. and Canada iShares generated $19.7 billion of that net new flows with inflows across the entire equity suite, including U.S. large, mid, small cap, Pan-European and equity income flows. International iShares saw net flows of $5.5 billion, with money back off the sidelines as greater confidence returned to the European financial markets, truly great quarter from iShares. In retail, another key area of focus, we saw good progress through investors, though investors remained quite cautious. And fixed income remains the same. We generated net new business of $4.6 billion in our Retail business, of which $6.2 billion was in the fixed income flows. U.S. Retail, we have about $3.5 billion of long-term flows. In addition, we launched the largest closed-end fund in BlackRock's history, the BlackRock Municipal Target Term Trust, raising $1.6 billion in assets, which as Ann Marie discussed, we paid -- this was an expense in this quarter. However, obviously, this is a very good piece of business for BlackRock in terms of revenues in the coming years. With investors focusing on income, we delivered great results in our high-yield bond products with net flows over $1.4 billion and our multi-asset income fund with flows over $250 million. This fund now is approaching $1 billion. Our initiative towards building a leading retail alternative platform is gaining traction. In the quarter, we raised another $200 million into our alternative mutual funds. In our international retail, we had $1.1 billion of long-term net inflows gaining momentum in Europe. In Europe, these flows were dominated by $1.5 billion fixed income flow. We still are still seeing some outflows in equities in Europe as Europe is still under some stress as to how this sovereign credit issue is going to be resolved. A key enabler to our future and a key enabler in reaching and communicating with our Retail clients has been our investment in our brand. At the end of the quarter, we launched the next phase of our brand campaign. A message has caught the attention of our clients, our partners, some opinion leaders and certainly, our competitors because some of our competitors are already trying to emulate some of our theme messages. In building our reputation among individual investors, it is strengthening our relationships with our advisers, our distributing partners and sparking new conversations. We had more demand than ever before from our financial advisers for our material. We also are seeing increased traffic on our website, up 55% since the launching of our campaign earlier this year. And the campaign has opened doors for relationships BlackRock has never had before. All of this is our ultimate goal, to build a stronger presence in retail and a stronger presence in our ETF platform products. The firm is also better positioned than ever before with our larger institutional clients. I just returned from the IMF meetings in Tokyo and was struck by how our reputation in the marketplace has been transformed over the past few years. Investors, large and small, increasingly are turning up -- turning to us for advice, and I believe that BlackRock is now as -- is in a unique position to be a thought-leader for our clients. Just to give you a relative understanding, in the last year's IMF meetings, we had 42 -- 43 client meetings. This year, we had 110 meetings. And we had to turn down many meetings so we did not have enough time. So this was a very gratifying way for me to see these meetings, to be part of these dialogues and to be part of solutions that our clients are seeking. Today, after the -- after this phone call, I'll be heading over to our U.S. institutional client conference, where we have over 200 institutional clients representing over $5 trillion at our institutional client conference today. So the quality of the dialogue with these clients have never been better, and they increasingly appreciate our platform. I would say what has transformed our positioning institutionally is really remarkable. When we did the BGI transaction, we talked about the benefits of scale. Unfortunately, many of our clients were frightened of that scale. Unfortunately, many of our client were dubious, "Can you do alpha and beta?" I can say very soundly today, clients are looking out -- looking to us to provide them with more information. They see the reasons why we did the merger. They understand the benefits of the alpha and beta, and they certainly understand the benefits of having us -- having a global footprint and our dominance in risk management. So the dialogue with our institutional clients is entirely different than it was just 2 years ago. And so, it may have taken longer than I personally thought it would be to convince clients of our platform, of our opportunities we have in front of us, but I could tell you right now, the dialogue is totally about how we can help our clients and not just defending who and what we are. A huge difference than it was a few years ago. So the excitement is beginning to manifest in RFPs, in dialogue and inflows. However, when you look at the flows for the quarter, it's important to recognize that there was a single outflow on a very low fee piece of fixed income index business, totaling $74.2 billion, a mouthful of -- a lot of money. However, it was one of our lowest fee products that we provided. And in fact, this assignment was passed on to other index providers at a fee that, I would tell you, if there was 1 minor trading error, those investment managers are going to lose money. I would also tell you, as I've said in the past, I am not going to chase business for window dressing of my AUM as some of our competitors are certainly doing because it does not make economic sense in this case as to what these investors did. So I will promise you, in the future, we're not going to chase unattractive business simply to bolster AUM. As I said, over the last 2 years, we're focusing on building revenues, building growth and building more complex relationships. And if we have to sacrifice more of this type of business that looks big, that feels big but in terms of revenues, it's -- they're quite small, we will continue to do that. So excluding this decision, hopefully, we attracted $1.5 billion of long-term net business. The trend to path of products in institutional business was evident this quarter. And EMEA led the quarter for institutional business, generating about $8.5 billion of net inflows, as I said, largely an index equity products. In the Americas, clients looked out for index and multi-asset strategy solutions. This resulted in about $3 billion in index equity and about $4 billion in our multi-asset class products. Our DC business continues to be very strong, and our DC clients generated $9.2 billion into our Life Path multi-asset offering. As I said earlier, this is one of the innovations of having wrappers of annuities using passive and alpha strategies. These are solution-based relationships that allow us to have this type of inflows. We did, however, see outflows in some other active products such as $4.1 billion leaving the active equities. A lot of that was in Europe, as I said earlier, and about $2.5 billion in some of our active fixed-income strategies. In the Asia-Pacific region, for institutional business, we experienced some challenges with about $5 billion in net outflows. These outflows were entirely from an index product, masking the momentum that we've had in fundamental fixed income with clients interested in investing in high-grade and in high-yield income products. While we feel very good about the positioning of the firm today, BlackRock's history has been one of constantly adapting to meet the future needs of our clients. With that in mind, in August, we did an internal reorganization of the firm to ensure that we are constantly focused on; one, our clients' needs particularly as they look to us with more and more advice and solutions rather than just a single product focus; two, we focused on strong investment performance within every invest style we manage. Specifically, we organized the client side in our business into 2 groups: one compromising -- comprising of retail and iShares and one comprising institutional and BlackRock Solutions. The separation of the client business in these 2 groups does a couple of things. First, it creates more focus on the unique needs of our client segments. And second of all, it gives us the ability to create internal leverage such as combining our Retail and iShares sales force and the alignment of our FMA sales force with our institutional calling effort for greater efficiencies and with a much more focused and direct dialogue with our clients. And we split our investment functions into 5 distinct categories and strategies: alpha, beta, multi-asset, alternatives and trading and liquidity. Again, we believe the separation both benefits the firm and our clients in a couple of ways. It creates enhanced focus on performance in that each of these investments styles are very unique and organized groups around the style to ensure that we have a culture focused on performance and focused of -- focused in the style that they're managing. And second of all, it allows us to be more efficient in product development process. In summary, we structured ourselves to be aligned with our clients and to capitalize on the broader industry trends impacting our clients, such as the use of alpha and beta to create holistic solutions, changing dynamics in the retail distribution space and the mega trends of our industry, which are retirement, income and the growth of alternatives. BlackRock Solutions is core to the organizational realignment, which was designed to be more closely coupled with our institutional client business and our analytics and advisory capabilities. In the third quarter, we did sell down our Maiden Lane portfolios. Once again, this brought down our assets, but I'm very proud to say we delivered to the American taxpayers the full amount of money that was invested by the American government plus a very handsome profit. And this was a lot of hard work by the BlackRock team in delivering this for our taxpayers and for our clients in the New York Federal Reserve Bank. Another great trend why I'm so constructive on our BRS business and our Aladdin business is, worldwide, clients are looking for more and more solutions. Worldwide, we have more dialogue for clients putting on our Aladdin product. In the third quarter, we added 1 more Aladdin assignment. But what we're working on right now in our pipeline, we have 3 new Aladdin clients that we're working on right now. And we're working on with 3 existing Aladdin clients on adding equities to their fixed income component. So we have never had this type of pipeline with our Aladdin platform. I would also say, as I said many times over the last few years, we have to manage this very carefully because at the moment, again, there is more demand than we have people responding to the needs. And we are aggressively trying to realign. This is one of the reasons why we've merged the FMA group to our institutional effort, and this is all under Rob Goldstein. But this is very important for us to really work towards this and to be better aligned. Our pipeline remains steady at $45 billion, which I'm very pleased about, including about $10 billion of mandates that funded this quarter-end and about $35 billion of awards to be funded. The added -- the unfunded portion of our pipeline reflects only our institutional business and is heavily weighted towards passive mandates. Over 1/2 of these mandates on our active pipeline are in the fundamental fixed income, where we've had great success in turning around our performance, and we're seeing a corresponding increase in flows through those products suites. Against this backdrop of a very strong quarter, which included great demand for our iShares product, we've announced on Monday several key initiatives to build on our momentum in our ETF business. I want to pass it on to Rob Kapito, our President, for more information on these initiatives.
Robert Steven Kapito: So thank you, Larry. Good morning, everyone. As you may recall and as Larry indicated again this morning, when we acquired BGI in 2009, we believed that indexing and ETFs were going to be increasingly important tools for investors, particularly, as they pursued barbell strategies, and we wanted to be able to offer our clients the full range of products they need. Today, I'm pleased to report that as clients continue expanding the ways they're using ETFs, our iShares business is firing on all cylinders, having one of its best quarters since 2009. iShares is the market leader, managing a 39% share of all global ETF assets and captured 27% of net new business so far this year. Even in the U.S., our most competitive market, we attracted more flows, $18 billion, than any other firm in the third quarter, and we have a 25% market share inflows year-to-date. Our goal is to continue to be the leading ETF provider in every region around the world. But being the global leader requires that we constantly adapt to the changing client needs and to expand into new client segments. That's why to build on the momentum in iShares business, we announced a number of initiatives this week to enhance our competitive position in the U.S. as part of our broader globalized shares growth strategy. As you saw on Monday, these initiatives include creating the iShares Core Series, a new family of 10 ETFs in the U.S. that provide the essential building blocks for buy-and-hold investors to use in constructing the core of their portfolio, launching a major multi-pronged brand campaign to support the new Core Series and build on our strong brand position in the U.S. and globally. And finally, combining the iShares and BlackRock U.S. Retail sales teams, creating the largest retail field force in the asset management industry and one that is unmatched in its ability to offer a full range of active and index products to our clients. So let me first talk about our new Core Series. When we look at investors, we categorize them by how they use ETFs for their investment strategies. And in the U.S., we consider 3 distinct types of investors. First, our active capital markets participants who need deep liquidity and derivative capabilities. Second are those who look to ETFs for precise, specialized exposure. And third are those who are buy-and-hold investors in broad core exposures. We have a very strong position with clients in the first 2 segments. But as Larry discussed last quarter, we are facing increased competition in the third segment of clients, buy-and-hold investors. So we've created a new suite of products, targeted directly at this market segment. Now to be clear, it's important to understand that by buy-and-hold, we don't mean retail. We mean investors of all stripes, large and small, that invest for the long time horizon. They could be insurance companies, endowments or people saving for retirement, anyone investing over the long term. Our experience and research shows us that clients and distribution partners consider many factors when investing in ETFs. They look at innovation, performance, quality, liquidity, brand, pricing and distribution. And some of the things that clients value most about iShares include that iShares has a 10-year track record of providing tax-efficient EPS, that we use leading indexes like MSCI that iShares is backed by BlackRock's industry-leading risk and analytic capabilities, that many of our ETFs are among the most liquid, that we provide strong transparency through daily disclosure of fund holdings, and we provide the ETFs most trusted by professional investors. Among professional investors that use ETFs, 9 out of 10 use iShares. But different investors value the weight of these factors differently depending upon their utilization and time horizons. So to be clear, ETFs are not one-size-fits-all. So to be the leader in all investment segments, we need to tailor products and services to different clients' needs. Because investors that seek core portfolio products to buy and hold for the long-term value price over other attributes, we have created a suite of products tailored just for them. The iShares Core Series includes 4 new ETFs, 3 of which are international equity funds that track indices from MSCI and 1 which is a short-term U.S. fixed income product, plus 6 existing iShare ETFs that we are adapting to make more attractive for buy-and-hold investors by reducing the management fees to align them with the rest of the series. This new iShares Core Series enables us to better serve and capture market share in this important, highly competitive and price-conscious segment of the buy-and-hold investor. BlackRock share of net new business in the buy-and-hold investor base, which is in the core, is relatively small. And that's why we're implementing the strategy we have outlined. With an attractive product set targeted directly at this segment of the market, we believe we can increase the overall growth rate in iShares. Over a multi-year horizon, we believe we can grow our market share in the U.S. to generate sustainable double-digit organic growth for iShares. So this is good for iShares, and this is certainly good for BlackRock. Now of course, there are a wide range of iShares products on our platform that offer different value propositions to other investment segments. Many investors, particularly some of the larger institutional clients, are focused on executing more dynamic strategies. They value superior liquidity, capital markets depth, tight spreads and products using premiere index providers. Now for investors who want products for executing these more dynamic strategies, they frequently turn to iShare ETFs to execute specific investment trades. EEM, which you're familiar with, is a perfect example of that. It has 2.5x the average trading value of its major competitor and open interest in the EEM exchange traded options market is almost 69x that of its major competitor. So EEM's deep liquidity and tight spreads resulted in the best available execution even during volatile periods. EEM is now also the only highly liquid emerging markets product pegged to MSCI, which many institutional clients use as a benchmark for emerging markets and consider the gold standard for indices in this market. So we do not expect significant migration out of EEM. The fact is the market is already naturally segmented because the investors that had put price above liquidity and tight spreads already have migrated to other products. There have been lower cost products available for years, but EEM continues to provide the strong value proposition to investors and in fact, has attracted $6 billion in new flows over the past 12 months. So we are not planning to make changes in the structure or prices of those products that investors value using dynamic strategies. The bottom line, we are focused on providing clients with the best products for their particular needs while preserving revenue and long-term growth. Using September 30 data, we estimate the revenue impact of our repricing of existing funds that focus on the buy-and-hold investors, assuming no growth, to be $35 million to $40 million annually. However, we expect to see incremental flows that will over time more than offset potential revenue impacts. In addition, we see a big benefit from the Core Series for our business be on the flows directly into these 2 products since being part of the core portfolio for buy-and-hold investors creates opportunities for discussions with them about other products from iShares' broad range of asset allocation choices. And we also will be able to capture flows into asset allocation models using these core products. Now to support this core offering and the entire iShares brand, we're also making a multi-year commitment to revitalize the iShares brand, especially in the United States. As the ETF market continues to grow, we want to build on the strength of the iShares brand and further differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. iShares has consistently offered clients 3 key attributes: Professional quality, individual choice and responsible innovation. So our new campaign is going to bring these attributes to life in a compelling way with ads that you may have already begun to see on television. If you watched the Yankee game last night or in the newspapers, this new campaign also nicely aligns with the themes of the BlackRock brand campaign and brings the brands closer together, so each brand can fully lever -- leverage the power of the other. As we announced on Monday, we are committing substantial resources to our iShares branding campaign. Our fourth quarter marketing expense for the entire firm will be slightly higher than what you saw in the second quarter this year. And going into 2013, we will balance the marketing spend appropriately as BlackRock always does to make sure that dollars are well spent. Finally, we are creating the largest retail field force in the asset management industry by integrating our iShares and U.S. Retail mutual fund teams. This integration is critical because it will enable us to present a single face to clients while retaining an ETF specialty team. A combined sales force will enhance the way we deliver our U.S. offerings to the market and allow us to more effectively offer financial advisers and distribution partners a fully integrated suite of index and active solutions for today's investors. We are not integrating our sales force to simply save some expenses. We are integrating our sales force to be more effective and deliver our firm to our clients. The sales force integration follows a similar path to our institutional sales coverage, where we implemented the changes last year to bring the iShares and BlackRock institutional teams closer together, a change that continues to be essential in creating tailored solutions for our clients. There is also an unmet need in the market for a firm to help retail clients and advisers construct overall portfolios, combining active and indexed strategies. This newly combined sales force will be able to fill that gap. So this includes offering model portfolios, which combines both index and active products, to deliver optimal asset allocations achieved through specific outcomes, such as target income, hedge risk income and strategic and tactical equity models. And this ability to offer both active and index products together is a major strategic advantage for BlackRock. As Larry mentioned, delivery of innovation and client-centric solutions is what differentiates BlackRock. Our ability to use ETFs in combination with active products in those solutions, as highlighted in some of those specific examples Larry described, are a key area of growth and differentiation for BlackRock. No other firm can offer these solutions to clients. So as I mentioned, these initiatives in the U.S. are just part of a broader global strategy to drive growth at iShares as more and more investors embrace ETFs in their portfolios and as regulatory change and the evolution of capital markets open up more geographies and client segments. Two other key legs of our global growth strategy are focused on new application for ETFs and market expansion. Fixed income is a great example of how we can innovate to grow the ETF market. There is a huge runway for growth in fixed income ETFs. Today, they account for only 0.3% of the $37 trillion U.S. bond market compared to equity ETFs, which represent 2.2% of the U.S. equity market. We are the leader in building ETF usage in the fixed income segment with 59% of global assets and 45% of year-to-date flows in fixed income ETFs. We believe fixed income ETFs could grow from $300 billion today to over $2 trillion over the next decade, and we intend to be at the forefront of driving this growth. That commitment to being a leader in fixed income is one of the reasons why we cut the price of AGJ. The other key growth theme globally is market expansion. Outside the U.S., we are growing into new client segments and accelerating the development of the ETF category as we continue to diversify our geographic sources of revenue and assets. In Europe, we are deepening our penetration of retail client segments. For example, by taking advantage of regulatory changes such as already are in the U.K. and by partnering closely with key distributors. In Canada, we are building on our successful integration of the Claymore business, which gave us broader reach into the advisory market. In Latin America and Asia-Pacific, we are capitalizing on the ongoing evolution of capital markets and the regulatory environment to drive greater local ETF penetration. Our growth rate outside the U.S. today is in the mid teens, and we expect to sustain this growth by capitalizing on these major trends. So in summary, we are very excited about the significant growth opportunities for iShares over the coming years, both in the U.S. and globally. iShares is the clear global leader in ETFs, and we intend to build on that position by continuing to innovate and respond to the evolving needs of our clients and by maximizing the quality, reliability and total performance of our global product range. Of course, iShares is only one important piece of BlackRock's growth strategy. So with that, let me turn it back over to Larry to wrap up our overall results.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thanks, Rob. I guess the only question I have for you, why didn't the Yankees win with an iShares ad? It certainly didn't help. Let me just wrap it up and open it up for questions. Let me just give a few takeaways from the quarter. We generated top line revenue growth of 4% and over 23% over a year-to-year basis, increasing our EPS. We strengthened our operating margin to 40.7%. We delivered strong investment performance across our platform. We're rebuilding our equity team in the U.S. We experienced the best quarter in ETFs since 2009. And lastly, as I try to say pretty loudly, our messages are resonating with our investors. And our strategic growth areas, income retirement, ETFs and solutions are fueling our growth. Our brand is getting stronger, and I expect the momentum to continue in the coming quarters and the coming years. With that, we're happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I was hoping you could first talk a little bit more about the integration of the iShares and BlackRock retail sales teams. Your commentary is very helpful. But how do you think this gives you an edge in approaching retail and the other client bases you just mentioned? And how big of -- what's the approach to them and how big of an impact do you think it could be?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm going to have Rob answer that.
Robert Steven Kapito: So as you know, we have a lot of products on our platform. And what we're finding is that the dialogue that we're having with the financial advisers is more wholesome. They use both mutual funds. They buy stocks, bonds and use ETFs. And what they want to have is a more wholesome conversation about how to use both in their asset allocation. So we think by sending someone there and combining that group to have those more wholesome conversations, that we're able to expand the type of business that they're doing with BlackRock, because they're looking for stewardship, advice and solutions and not just someone that's coming in with one particular product. We also think by combining this, we'll have a greater outreach because it takes more time to have those wholesome dialogue. And in order to expand our reach, we want to have more people in the field having those direct conversations.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just following up on the ETFs again, you mentioned your thoughts on the future fixed income ETFs potentially being a $2 trillion market. I'd be curious to get your thoughts on the future of both active ETFs, obviously, a small component of the market currently, and then whether there's a potential to have a stronger presence for multi-asset in the ETF space.
Robert Steven Kapito: So we are continuing to explore the active ETF market. Currently, we really don't have enough evidence to show that, that is going to expand as dramatically as putting fixed income ETFs in more of an asset allocation model. That's where we're focused right now using fixed income. But we do believe that, that is going to continue to grow. It gives clients a more liquid way to be in the fixed income market. As far as the multi-asset, we think that is a huge growth opportunity, one that we are particularly set up to do because people are looking for, a, the asset allocation and, in fact, a way to enter more high-yielding instruments like alternatives. And we think that there will be many, many more opportunities to iShare various vehicles that are in the marketplace. So we look at that as growth opportunities for us as well.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Matt, this is consistent with what we've been saying. We're not suggesting there's not room for active ETFs. We just don't believe as the overall industry is going to be driving that much of the growth, and the real key will be using ETFs as a tactical allocation product. As evidence of what we did with this institutional pension fund, by allowing them to simplify their huge fixed income positions and having 4 different dynamic fixed income ETFs allows them to move around the allocation from emerging markets to credit, to low duration and back and forth. And we believe you can earn alpha through that mechanistic way of moving around your weightings by those categories using ETF. This is what we believe is going to be a lot more dynamic. So allowing the investor to do more of that asset allocation within fixed income institutionally will lead more and more institutions that can be driving this. This is one of the big reasons why we believe it could be a $2-plus trillion market
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So 2 questions. One, most of these pricing changes are pretty immediate, and one of your competitors has some transition issues. So the question is, what's the timeframe to see some effect potentially on flows and our market share? And then secondarily, we've never really talked about ETF margins, not that I'm asking for the number, so to speak. But as you think about margins over time, assuming this change doesn't affect the overall revenue yield, I guess, can you talk about the benefits of scale, a more effective sales force? What's happening with the direct cost? It looks like those are coming down a little bit. And then where does new product development cost fit in there, et cetera?
Robert Steven Kapito: So initially, we don't expect to see any savings from our combination of the sales force. We want to see how this is going to work. We want to size it properly. We want to make sure that they're having the appropriate dialogue. And we think we'll see increased sales. But we're not expecting that right out of the box to have any incremental savings on that. So that's really the first part of it. As far as the margin goes, we don't break down the individual products in that way. But we can certainly say that iShares contributes to the healthy 40% operating margin that we currently have, and we expect that to continue. And the other part of your question is that, how soon do we expect to see growth in the new products? We have the pedal to the metal here. We're going out in advertising. The sales force is ready. It takes a little time to go out and talk to everyone, but we're working hard on ramping these products up as quickly as possible. Those are the foreign new products. And as you know the 6 existing ones that we have changed the price, we are already seeing flows into those particular products. So those are already outstanding and ready to be ramped up in new products. We're going to have everyone out discussing it and hope to do it as soon as possible.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I could follow up just on the margin issue again, I mean, obviously, scale is of benefit, but are the other inputs stable increasing, decreasing? Any thoughts on that?
Laurence Douglas Fink: On the overall margins?
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the ETF side, I'm sorry.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Oh. There's always going to be more and more competitive pressure. But we're not here to tell you that there's not issues like that. But it really depends on the mix of the products. I mean, some of our margins increased in our ETF products because of the mix of business. So it is a mix issue more than anything else. It is the mix business -- much more dominant than competitive issues and things like that. So if you could describe to me where the mix is going to be, I could describe to you what the direction of the margin is going to be. But we're very comfortable with where we are today in our margins. We don't think the margin is going to dramatically change over the future. And if the mix changes to much more -- like it did this quarter. With more equities, the margins improved. If the mix goes more back into fixed income, the margins will be reduced. I'd say I don't think there's any mystery there. Let me just touch on one thing because you asked the question kind of vague related to the changes in one of our competitors. We aren't seeing flows into our existing products because of the changes of index providers with our competitor. But I'm not getting into any more detail than that?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just curious about the strategic decision here to initially roll out 10 ETFs. Obviously, you guys have the capability to do a much larger number than that for the new buy-and-hold investor that you're targeting. Any thoughts there as to maybe you might see this expand a little bit or do you feel like this is a good initial launch?
Robert Steven Kapito: No, we've done a lot of work on this, and we've been working on this for the last 6 months, trying to really identify the major core products that this buy-and-hold sector is interested in. And we want to have the large and very liquid products that they're looking for. And this is the group that we identified. We will start here, as our clients need change. Then we'll look to -- if we need to make as much change, we'll change. But this is a lot of research over the last 6 months to make these changes.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, I guess, have you had any thought as to how Vanguard might react to this? I'm just wondering maybe if you guys could comment what you might be prepared to do, if Vanguard turns around and reduces fees further on their end? Did you feel like you're fairly well positioned at this point? Or might that result in another reaction?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Vanguard is an excellent company. They have a great market position. They have a great brand. I'm not here to talk about my competitors. They are actually a big client of BlackRock, too. So I'm not here to discuss what Vanguard may or may not do. I believe we're in a very good position. I think we responded to some elements. But let me just say overall, this is not a price war. This is all about working with our clients. I think you guys, and I'm kind of -- I mean, including the press, have created this myth about a price war stuff. There's nothing related to a price war. We did not think about this as a price war. We thought about this as a means to be much more comprehensive to our clients to provide, as Rob said, core products that will fit our clients needs, who have different dimensional needs than some of our other clients. And so we've got to move on from this myth about a price war. As this -- we had our healthiest quarter. We are very optimistic about where we are. We're well positioned in product engineering and product design. That's what's -- that's the greatest dynamic that's going to fuel ETFs. It is not about pricing and all that. It's responding to clients to provide products that fit the needs of clients as they expand in product, as they expand geographically. And I think we are as well positioned as any firm in the world, in the ETF world to be responsive to our clients in products, in geographic mix and in design and then linking these products into a solution-based relationship.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Sanford Bernstein.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Look, I'm sorry to beat the dead horse on the ETF pricing issue. But I did have another one. I could see why matching or not matching, rather, fees on the emerging market product to Vanguard's VWO is sensible. I guess you'd have to assume pretty drastic decay rates on your products, that sort of the management for that to be an economic decision. But I'm wondering still if some fee cut in that product might have been prudent as it relates to institutional traders. And specifically, do you have an idea of how much of your market share lost to Vanguard over the last 3 years was from leakage from an institutional trader segment? And might you be overestimating the importance of a secondary market liquidity in maintaining that segment's loyalty?
Laurence Douglas Fink: The secondary market liquidity is tantamount. I think we have 3x more liquidity in that product than any Vanguard product. So it is an institutional choice and we continue to do that. The one thing that people are failing to look at, too, is institutions, by and large want to use the MSCI Index and so that's a big change, too, going forward. But the one thing that no one is focusing on, if you're an institution, you're much more attuned to tracking error. You're much more attuned to liquidity bid-ask spreads. And if you add up liquidity, you'll add up the most recent tracking error differentials. The spread that you're suggesting is far smaller than what it really is. And institutions understand that. It's a harder thing to understand if you're retail. But institutional, and this is why we are continuing to see $6 billion of growth, this is why we continue to believe what we're doing is the right one. And you know what, we'll find out in a year or 2 if we're wrong.
Luke Montgomery - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the new emerging market product, hundreds of ETFs that have been launched over the years that never really gained traction. So what gives you confidence that this product will succeed given that it's arguably not first to market in the buy-and-hold segment? And in your research on the segmentation of these markets, how important did you determine that the first market advantage is to customer segments exhibit greater price elasticity?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No question. First to market is a huge advantage. That has not changed. That has been our position, and we've discussed this over many years. And obviously, we are aware of first market issues. On the other hand, we do believe the brand of BlackRock and the brand of iShares is quite compelling. Most ETF platforms are just not growing enough. They're not going to achieve scale or velocity. And I do believe we have an advantage with our platform. Our platform that we have in retail, our platform that we have globally and institutionally, allows us to have more connections with retail clients, and more importantly, with institutional clients globally. So there's no question, first market mover is a very compelling, strong foundational issue. We know we can't change that dimension because we fully believe that is a very compelling dimension in terms of looking at growth of ETF product. But we do believe just like -- with our brand, with our brand advertising backing this, we believe we have a large opportunity in hand in building our market share in that product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just going back to ETFs -- I'm sorry also to beat the dead horse. As you look out a company, let's say, you are successful in building out this buy-and-hold strategy, the pricing differential between the maybe your institutional liquidity-driven investor, it's pretty sizable. So is there a risk of any kind of sort of adverse arbitrage even without incremental pricing back and forth between you and Vanguard, Schwab, what have you. But just internally, just in terms of that adverse shift, have you thought about that in the sort of...
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question if our core products can build more rapidly than you think, there's no question you could see a slow burn from the large product -- from the existing product to the smaller one. I'm not here to suggest otherwise. In addition, first of all, our fees are not our decision. There are mutual fund, and in this case, our iShares board's decision. So, I don't want anyone -- it's pretty hard for me to discuss this. I don't even -- I'm not on the board, Rob is. But it is a board decision related to fees and it is the board's decision to determine how should fees be looked upon versus various products.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe a 2-part second question. When you mentioned before the world going to a more of a service solutions based business between sort of the beta and some of the alpha strategies, what's the outlook for active equity mandates generally? And then the second part of the question is, if you're successful in getting to $2 trillion of fixed income passive inflows in fixed income, where does that come from and the implication for the fixed income businesses at large?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Let me address the fixed income side first and we go on to passive and active, and I'll let Rob discuss that, too. On the fixed income side, I think Basel III has a huge implication and the Volcker Rule related to capital positions for banks and security firms. They're going to have to have higher capital balances. And therefore, they're going to have to charge more for their balance sheet. This is totally -- this is totally in the same direction how we think about our building and trading platform if we need to create more liquidity. So unquestionably, investors in fixed income are feeling the issue around liquidity and fixed income. And if more and more institutions who are actively investing in fixed income are being punished by the bid-ask spreads, which erode active returns, which is a real threat, we believe more and more institutions are going to put a large component of their fixed income in this type of strategy by owning 4, 5, 6 core active fixed income ETFs and move around that dynamic. And we're seeing that. We have more and more dialogue. We're in a dialogue with one other large institution right now in doing that. So I believe that trend is going to be a major component. Now if miraculously we see some very tight bid-ask spreads and we see less pain in trading actively fixed income, maybe the outlook on fixed income will be lessened. I mean, we are responding to the market and trying to be solutions-based relationships with our clients. And this using ETFs as a solution is a very good way of minimizing that trading reduction. It certainly reduces operational risk for clients who are sitting with huge pools of fixed income. And so we are obviously very involved in various dialogues on this. But importantly, we're seeing more and more clients who are tactically allocating using fixed income ETFs, and we believe this will continue. So Bill, if you believe that Dodd-Frank Volcker Rule, Basel III is going to have a permanent impact in the way of balance sheet treatment for security firms and banks in terms of making markets, which means wider bid-ask spreads, then the usage of ETF fixed income is going to grow. If you don't agree in that outcome and you think we will get more normalized again than we have it in this past year, then you may not see as much growth. But let me -- before Rob turns over, let me just say we'd done something very fundamental about fixed income and equity. This is really a beta-alpha issue related to the alpha part of equities. If fundamental equities outperformed consistently the indexes, you are going to see then more flows back into alpha products. That's -- so you're going to see the ebb and flow from index into alpha and back and forth. One of the big reasons why we are aggressively building our -- and you may say this is wrong, but we are aggressively building our alpha fundamental equity teams because we believe there will be a time where active managers outperform with consistency. Hopefully, those teams are at BlackRock, and we're going to get the flows then. And we're seeing that already. Albeit small, we are the -- we have a -- our European equity team is the top decile team over the last 5 years. We are actually winning about 50% of the flows in European equities in Europe. Now 50% of the flows only represents $400 million, $500 million this year. And so if you have performance, you are going to get those flows. And I do believe that -- if the equity industry has a more consistent out-performance after fees, by the way, then you're going to see a mix change between beta and alpha. But Rob, do you want to respond to that?
Robert Steven Kapito: I'd say Larry has said it directly. The field is narrowing based upon performance. If you have the performance, there are flows to get. So I would not rule out active equity, and we're going to build that area because there will be another cycle where active managers outperform their benchmark significantly enough for that money to move. And we want to be there to capture that money.
Laurence Douglas Fink: The key is -- the real key is, if you look -- talk about bar-belling for a second, Bill, there's just so much money flooding into alternatives. And so we see that unabated. But the reality is a lot of hedge funds are certainly underperforming the equity markets now for a couple of years. And it looks like this year is going to be another year where most hedge funds are underperforming. The real question will be, is there a pivot point whereby investors start saying, "Gosh, I maybe not as interested in hedge funds strategies or as much and maybe I will use some of that allocation to go back into fundamental equities." So don't just think it's active-passive. It is also a balance between investing in alternatives and fundamental equities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I certainly hear your point. It's coming through loudly and clearly that the ETF market is segmenting and that there has been historically a group of capital markets participants who value the liquidity type bid-ask spread and so forth. But I'm hoping you can build on your earlier answer or your answer to an earlier question by answering the following: To the extent that the history of finance has basically seen lots of deep pressure in the institutional side of the business as well, with brokerage commissions coming down, bid-ask spreads narrowing on the institutional side of the business, why shouldn't we think that the same price pressure or price consciousness on the part of customers in the buy-and-hold segment will over time manifest itself in the other segments that you say is currently not all that price-sensitive?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, what we're saying also, that segment is also looking at the bid-ask spread as a component of cost, and they're looking at tracking error. So from that segment, they're looking at all 3 and the totality of those 3. And what I think there's a failure of people recognizing the 2 other costs. So I'm not suggesting they're not thoughtful about costs. But keep in mind for a lot of the trading-oriented organizations, if they're tactically allocating, they're looking at much more -- they want to make sure that they get as close to the index as possible, that's their tracking areas. They want to make sure that they have the liquidity. And so unquestionably in our conversations and dialogues with those institutions, fees are less important. I am not suggesting, though, that fees and the trends in fees across all of our businesses are under review continually. If you provide the right solutions, though, fees become less dominant. And so this is an industry that in my mind has those types of dominant pressures. As I said, we saw that evident in our loss of our $70-odd billion fixed income product, where some -- our competitor are willing to do it almost at cost. So that's another evidence of -- you could call it fee pressure, we would call that kind of stupidity. But -- so I don't want to leave anyone with the notion that we're not constantly reviewing our products. We're not constantly reviewing how those products are performing. And obviously, it's undeniable, lower fees are better than higher fees for our clients. Rob, do you want comment on?
Robert Steven Kapito: Let me just say, look, it's a very generalist question. Over time, it will depend upon what the competition is, what the value proposition is and then what the innovations are that we're able to establish to want people to come to our products and they're willing to pay for those innovations. So we have to be on the cutting edge, and we have to earn the fees from them. And that's what our strategy has been for the last 20-odd years. But what you're talking about is that everything always reverts to price. And remember, we have vendors, too. So we understand that from our perspective as well.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: One quick -- one second question, my final one regarding your advertising. It's curious to me that you're doing this mass market with the Yankees and so forth. In the sense that -- are you trying to create an outcome in which customers come into -- let's talk about the retail segment -- customers come into retail brokerage firm and ask for iShares or rather...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes. Yes, yes, yes. We have been told by our distribution partners we need -- if we're going to be the #1 or 2 largest providers of products, largest providers of solutions in both iShares and in our mutual funds, we needed to have more brand awareness. And -- that is -- and so we've been told by our distribution partners, it is necessary for us to have more branding, more brand recognition to support their effort in selling our products. So we are responding to our clients, and they were loud and clear to us a year ago, in that we needed to build brand awareness. That is truly our objective. And in a very short period of time, we are achieving some of that. And it's a long story, and it's going to take time. And time, if you have the message over time, that message becomes very strong. And the great brands have strong brand messages that are resilient over time. That is my #1 priority related to this brand, branding effort. So we can have a long-standing brand effort that has a connection with the retail client. So our distribution partners can find it much easier to talk about BlackRock or BlackRock iShares products.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. It's -- we have a lot to look forward to, a lot of volatility. We have a presidential election. We have a fiscal cliff. We have -- and we also have European uncertainty in front of us. Setting that aside, though, BlackRock is as well positioned to respond to all those issues to our clients, to help our clients in terms of understanding how to deal those uncertainties. And as we said in our branding initiative, BlackRock was built for these times to be responsive to our clients, to helping our clients overcome the uncertainty around all of these big macro issues. And lastly, I just want to thank all of the employees of BlackRock for a great quarter.
Ann Marie Petach: Thank you.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Ann Marie Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of Executive Committee Robert Steven Kapito - President and Director
Analysts: Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. First (sic) [Second] Quarter 2012 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; President, Robert S. Kapito; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thank you very much. Good morning, all. This is Matt Mallow. I am the General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual future results may differ from these statements, and as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause those future results to differ materially from what we say today. Finally, BlackRock assumes and you should understand that we assume no duty to and do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll get out of the way and turn it over to Ann Marie.
Ann Marie Petach: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. As we saw in this quarter, volatile markets, driven in part by political, policy and regulatory uncertainty, continued. Until confidence increases, investors are biased towards short-term defense [ph]. We saw this evidenced in the second quarter based on investor preferences for income products and liquid instruments such as ETF. World markets continued to fare worse than U.S. markets. Compared to the first quarter, the U.S. markets were, on average, relatively flat, while global, European and emerging markets were down 3% to 6%. Despite these market challenges, BlackRock delivered a strong 39.2% operating margin and delivered operating results that were up compared to the first quarter. Our financial performance highlights our strong focus on clients' needs and our ability to work with them, supported by the breadth of our product set, our global presence and our unmatched risk tools. BRS is continuing to grow as risk, insights and tools are in ever-increasing demand. Our commitment to our brand has helped us connect to our clients at a time when they need and want advice more than ever. Our cost discipline has supported our strong operating margins. We remain committed to long-term growth opportunities, and you saw this evidenced in our announced acquisition of Swiss Re's private equity fund of funds platform. The second quarter also allowed us to continue our journey of transforming the ownership of the firm. Post the May secondary offering of Barclays shares, the ownership of the firm is almost 80% broadly held, and that compares to 20% just 18 months ago. The Barclays secondary offering was a great opportunity to communicate with investors about our organic growth opportunities and to take advantage of the cash-generative nature of our business model. We participated in the Barclays sale via a $1 billion, 6.4 million share repurchase, which was incremental to our core repurchase program. After the secondary closed, we resumed our regular repurchase program and were able to purchase an additional 250,000 shares in the few remaining non-blackout days in the quarter. Going forward, returning cash to shareholders regularly remains a priority. We also took advantage of a robust debt market and the secondary investor roadshow to lock in $1.5 billion of term debt at historically attractive rates. The key takeaway for me is that our breadth and diversity have positioned us to perform well in various market environments and to consistently reward shareholders. I'm going to walk through the specific results now. As I make my comments, I'll refer to the slides in the earnings supplement, which you can find on our website. And I'm going to be talking primarily about as adjusted results. So if you look at the supplement, I'm going to start on Slide 3, second quarter earnings per share of $3.10 reflected year-over-year EPS growth of 3% and sequential operating income growth of 1%. I just want to contrast the as adjusted results to the GAAP results which are presented in the headlines of net income down 11% and remind people that in the second quarter of 2011, we benefited from a $52 million noncash tax benefit, really, the revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities. Because it was noncash, we never took credit for this benefit in our as adjusted results because we didn't think it really benefited our shareholders. So the way we look at it, it really is a 3% increase in net income. Moving to Slide 4, our second quarter operating margin was 39.2%. Cost discipline and seasonal factors allowed us to improve the margin 0.60 point sequentially despite the market-related revenue pressure and an increase in marketing expense associated with the commitment to our brand. Our cost-to-revenue ratio was 35.1%. That's exactly in line with the 35% we've been running for several years. The next slide, Slide 5, is something we pulled ahead that had been in the appendix last quarter. We think it's an important slide because it highlights the diversity of our business, as well as the dramatic difference in business mix as measured when you use revenue compared to when you use AUM. From a base fee perspective, we're an evenly balanced business, with about 1/3 of our revenue coming from institutional, 1/3 from retail and 1/3 from iShares, while the AUM view really distorts the business mix and be dominated by institutional. Slide 6 shows the decline in average global markets compared to both a year ago and to first quarter. While U.S. markets are up on average 2% compared to a year ago and flat compared to the first quarter, the global markets across various indices were down 7% to 17% compared to a year ago and 3% to 6% below the first quarter. Reflective of the diversity of our business, about half our equity AUM is tied to non-U.S. markets, so these markets obviously affected our revenues. I'll start with a comparison of our results compared to a year ago, and then I'll move on to the sequential results. On Slide 8, on the right-hand side, you can see that earnings per share of $3.10 included $3.27 of operating earnings and $0.17 of nonoperating expense. Operating EPS benefited from expense discipline and share repurchases offsetting market effects. Nonoperating results reflected a stable investment portfolio and higher interest expense. The year-to-date as adjusted tax rate was 30.4%. The improvement compared to the first quarter reflected the positive resolution of certain outstanding tax positions and reductions in our foreign tax rate. 31% is a good modeling level for the rest of the year based on what we know right now. Operating earnings of $832 million, which you can see on Slide 9, reflected expense discipline more than offset by market-related revenue declines, which we'll move on to on the next slide. Our business does benefit from the diversified set of revenues. Second quarter revenues were $2.2 billion. This includes $2 billion of base fees, $41 million of performance fees and $131 million of BRS revenues. Market factors drove the decline in long-dated base fees, which is that red bar. BlackRock Solutions and advisory revenues of $131 million were up 13%. That's driven by a 21% increase in our core Aladdin revenues. And as we've said in the past, Aladdin revenues represent the bulk, about 2/3, of the BRS revenues and are very sticky. Once people get on Aladdin, really, they stay. Our managed disposition of assets in Maiden Lane I and III has broadly benefited U.S. taxpayers as those funds have been fully paid with interest earlier than originally expected. This is the key driver of the $68 billion decrease in advisory assets compared to a year ago. The appetite for BRS remains very strong, allowing us to continue great dialogue with our clients, both regarding advisory, as well as Aladdin, and this is a global phenomenon at this point. Looking at base fees on Slide 11, revenues are benefiting from our balanced business model and product offerings. While the material declines in world equity markets more than explain the 11% decline in base fees on equity assets compared to 2011, this has been muted by an 8% revenue increase on fixed income and multi-asset class revenues. So you see the strength of the balanced business model coming through. Also compared to a year ago, we saw the revenue effect of withdrawals from really very low-yielding cash products. Now turning to Slide 12, expense discipline resulted in a 5% decrease in as adjusted expenses. G&A was down 6% as we reduced the occupancy cost associated with 2011 double rents and more than offset our branding investment. Our branding initiative resulted in only a 14% increase in marketing cost as other year-over-year marketing efficiencies offset a portion of the branding expense. We've been really encouraged by the client reaction to the campaign. We've gotten some great initial feedback on the number of people who really recognize our name post the campaign, and so we remain highly confident that this is a critical long-term investment in the business that's going to pay off over time. Compensation expense was down 3%. That's explained by decreases in incentive comp and temporary help. Larry's going to discuss our continued investment in and commitment to great talent. Moving on to sequential results and beginning on Slide 14 now, sequentially, EPS benefited from a $0.17 increase in operating EPS, but that was more than offset by a $0.23 decrease in nonoperating EPS. The nonoperating EPS reflected that the value of the investment portfolio was stable this quarter, whereas in the first quarter, the value of the investment portfolio actually increased. So it's a non-repeat of an increase in the first quarter. Operating income, improvements in sequential operating income were driven by the same themes really driving the year-over-year result plus seasonal factors, which I'm going to be getting into as I move on to Slide 16. If you look on the left side, starting with base fees, $46 million of the improvement in base fees was associated with the seasonal increase and securities lending associated with the European dividends season. So despite negative markets, we delivered a $13 million improvement in base fees. BRS revenues increased 7%, while performance fees declined, reflecting both a trend of lower performance fees in the second quarter compared to the first quarter and volatile performance in a volatile period. In these markets, we've got some funds performing very well, but also, we have funds that are volatile in a volatile market. Some of our larger hedge funds have moved up or down multiple percentage points over days or weeks, and this leaves us highly uncertain exactly where the funds will be relative to high watermarks on the last date. We can talk more about that next quarter as the vast majority, the biggest number of loss is in the fourth quarter, though some are in the third quarter. As discussed earlier, a strong appetite for income products led to a $25 million improvement in fixed income base fees, which you can see on Slide 17, while the seasonal factors we just talked about supported growth in equity index base fees. Expenses on Slide 18 are down 2% sequentially, reflecting the seasonal benefit of lower payroll taxes, which peaked in the first quarter, and lower incentive comp, offset partially by our brand initiative, which you can see in the G&A expense. Slide 20 shows our nonoperating expense of $43 million, which, in this quarter, reflected $44 million of net interest expense. Including the interest on the $1.5 billion of incremental debt that we issued in May, the value of the investment portfolio, as you can see, was completely stable, with gains offsetting losses. The purpose of the portfolio is for us to seed new product and co-invest with our clients. And just to give you some data on the benefits of those seedings, funds that we seeded since fourth quarter 2011, specifically, we seeded a multi-asset income fund, an emerging markets fund and a global long/short fund, have provided great new investment options for our clients and gathered over $800 million in new assets in this short period. So we're really seeing the fruits of the seeding. Our balance sheet remains small, with approximately $8 billion of economic tangible assets composed of cash, receivables and the seed and co-investment portfolio. Moving on to 21 and summing up, we delivered a healthy margin. We generated strong operating cash flow, returned a large amount of cash to shareholders and transformed the ownership of the firm. Looking ahead, we're extremely excited about opportunities we have to help our clients navigate this challenging environment and help them to balance between near-term unknowns and long-term opportunities. Our balanced business model, client focus and commitment to long-term growth are benefiting the business. Near term, we're well positioned to service clients' immediate needs, risk appetite and desire for liquidity and products such as ETF. We're also well positioned to work with our clients in the long term as risk appetite and the need for returns balance out. Our commitment to alternatives remains strong, as evidenced in our announced acquisition to private equity -- of the private equity fund of funds business, though you have to recognize in this environment and also in these asset classes that decision-making time frames have lengthened. These are long decision -- longer-term decisions for people. So this opportunity is going to play out over time. We think it's a very important opportunity which will generate strong results both for our clients and for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry, who will discuss the external environment, what we're seeing with our clients and our focus on performance.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thanks, Ann Marie. Welcome, everyone. While the first 2 months of 2012 started with a lot of optimism, we, like the rest of the industry, witnessed the softening in our net new business beginning in March and lasting through the quarter end. I've discussed this quite a bit, the risk on and risk off, and I think the issues going on right now with all the uncertainty, which I'll talk about, has really created a change in attitude by investors as they are trying to redetermine how they should think about their portfolios, which I'll talk about quite a bit later. As Ann Marie suggested, global markets were down from the last quarter and down even more dramatically from a year ago, with the MSCI Barra World Index average in the second quarter down about 7.4% from a year ago. This uncertainty continues to be fueled by the fragility of the European banking sector, by the European sovereign debt issue and also the overall economic situation throughout the world today that includes China. This has put investors in a more of a defensive nature, and it is our job and we are spending a great deal of time with our clients in trying to help them think about how they should think about these issues. We all know where the safe haven assets are. They're in U.S. treasuries. They're in boons [ph]. U.S. treasuries today are trading below 1.5%. Boons [ph], at quarter end, ended at 1.58%. So we're talking about extraordinary low yield levels. We're talking about yield levels that are -- that cannot meet the long-term objectives of anybody. So the global growth -- so these safe havens over the long run may not be true safe havens. Global growth maintains muted. The most recent data from Bloomberg indicates that the real annualized GDP growth in the first quarter turned flat in the Eurozone, remained sluggish in the United States between 1.7% and 2.2% and fell to a level that people didn't think was going to happen in China, with China falling to a 7.6% growth rate, down from the first quarter of something close to 8.1%. This uncertain climate has shortened the horizons for decision-making and short -- and shaken the confidence of investors worldwide. But not only just investors have been shaken, I do believe CEO attitudes have been shaken by this. This is a big change from our perspective from 2011. Throughout 2011, despite similar type of volatility, certainly, the same type of issues we had to face, I do believe CEO behavior has changed much more this time than we've seen a year ago. I do believe CEOs have truncated their field of vision on top of all the truncated time horizons of investors. The issue that I think is really critical is that 1.5% in treasury yields equates to negative returns. 1.5% over 10 years as a return will not get you to a retirement. I do believe, and I was in Washington yesterday, I do believe the greatest crisis in America will be not health care in the next 10 to 20 years but the inadequacy of retirement throughout this country. Yesterday, a very large pension plan, public pension plan announced that their one year fiscal year return was 1%. They paid out their actuarial tables as 7 5/8%. Obviously, that type of mismatch cannot persist. As payout large numbers only destroys the corpus, creates a greater mismatch, and this crisis is only going to get worse if we don't find solutions to address it. Compounding the impact of low interest rates is the fact that people are living longer and longevity is accelerating. While longer life should be a good thing, people are going to have to work much longer to reach their needs as a retiree. This, in turn, will create issues for our younger generation wanting to enter the workforce. There will simply be fewer jobs, and our younger generation will likely have an increasing financial burden funding the retirement needs of their parents and families. I believe that in the future, this underfunded pension and retirement plans will be more significant for governments in the United States and other parts of the world. We believe at BlackRock, we have the tools and the ability to combat these issues. We are working with our clients in trying to have them focus on that. We believe it's important to start focusing on returns over long periods of times, which requires focus on what type of long-term investing, not investing in products but in outcome-oriented solutions. So this is not the traditional style box. And this is a much longer conversation, and we are having these types of very long but very exhaustive types of conversations with our clients in trying to help them navigate with these difficult situations. So for the remainder of 2012, unfortunately, all eyes are still going to be on politics and the economy. In the United States, we have elections in November, followed by the impending fiscal cliff and the sequester. This will likely create additional uncertainty and lead to more soft business sentiment and probably a reduction in consumer spending. The global regulatory environment will continue to be more difficult towards financial institutions, forcing more deleveraging, creating more compliant requirements. But let's be clear. Asset managers will share an increasing cost of this regulation. Europe will take, as I said earlier this year, anywhere between 5 to 8 years to sort out their issues. This is a long-term issue. There's no silver bullet. We are talking about transforming the social contract between government and their population. This cannot happen over a one-month, one-quarter, one-year situation. On top of that, the Europeans are going to have to find ways of growing in addition to these austerity plans. In the near term, as I said earlier this year, I expect the ECB to be more aggressive on rates to drive the euro close to parity with the dollar. This is one way that they could grow, find growth for Europe on top of these austerity programs by making them more competitive. This, on the other hand, is not a positive for the United States. If we have benefited, and our corporations certainly have benefited by having a weakening currency, and now our currency is becoming a more -- a valued currency, it will put some pressure on this country if the euro does indeed fall to a parity level. I think at this time, BlackRock assumes the euro is going to be falling to the $1.10, $1.15 area, but there are some people who believe it needs to fall lower. Let me talk about this. What does this all mean for BlackRock? Let me first start off in talking about people. As a global organization and a leader of our industry, we are committed to adapting our organization to meet the needs of our clients in this changing environment. As our clients' needs change, we have to change, or we will be less important for our clients. Change, when it is prescribed, when it is planned, is both necessary and healthy for an organization. That includes change to ensure that how we are delivering our performance to our client, that is also in our architecture and how we have discussions with our clients. We recently witnessed some turnover in our portfolio management group with the departures of Bob Doll and Dan Rice. We actually wish both of them well. While we endeavor to keep turnover low to assure consistency in our portfolio management teams, there will always be some level of turnover. We certainly will make changes whenever necessary to avoid even the appearance of conflict of interest. We use change to enhance our performance whenever that is an issue. Another change we saw this quarter which I'd like to highlight is totally unrelated to the portfolio management changes, was my good friend and partner's, Sue Wagner's decision to retire. This does not change anything within BlackRock. We are actually fortunate with Sue agreeing to joining the BlackRock board in October, and I am sure we will benefit from her insight, her intelligence going forward as a member of BlackRock's Board of Directors. Overall, our turnover at BlackRock remains to be very low, far lower than the rest of the industry. Our turnover rate at the MD level is under 1%. And turnover across the firm is also very low, approximately 4%, which is compared to an industry norm about 10% to 12%. BlackRock has always had a strong focus on talent development, including investing in our people, hiring top-tier talent with the ability to have immediate and a long-term impact on our company. As in the past, we are constantly attracting prudent leaders, who are excited to bring their deep expertise and client-centric philosophy to BlackRock. We highlighted Phil Hildebrand will be joining us October 1, formerly the head of the central bank in Switzerland, who will be taking a very important international role from our London office, working on solution-based relationships with our 100 most important clients. We noted earlier this year the hiring of Mark McCombe, who is now our Head of Asia Pacific and had a dramatic impact already on our business in Asia. We also have announced the hiring of many different investment teams, a number of investors in our fundamental equity team, where we were in need of upgrading due to performance issues. And we are very pleased with bringing onboard an entire emerging market debt team that will really enhance our position in global bonds and our positioning worldwide in the fixed income arena. So we are a organization which many people are seeking to join this organization, and I think we are in a very unique position unlike so many other financial services companies. And we are going to continue to find opportunities to bring in very high-talented people, high-talented portfolio managers to help us build and navigate together. I'm also proud to highlight that our incoming analyst class this year is over 200. It's filled with some of the best and brightest minds from the top schools globally. Providing oversight of our talent agenda and succession plannings, we are fortunate to have an extremely strong and active board that was recently recognized as one of the top 5 boards for strong corporate governance. I believe we were ranked 1 when I saw the analysis. They are highly engaged in guiding the firm's strategy overall. On an annual basis, our board conducts a comprehensive review of each of our core businesses, including results, strategy, outlook, succession and talent planning. Recognizing the importance of our human capital, each year, management and the board reviews our top talent across the firm, and we have complete review of succession plans at all levels. That meeting will occur in October like it's done for the last 5 years. So this is nothing unusual, nothing strange. This is what we believe. We need to have a high fiduciary standard, and this is what we believe working with our board to making sure that we review management succession issues across all our businesses, not just one business or one leader. We believe this planning makes a better and more resilient organization and differentiated organization among so many different firms that have had issues around talent. Let me talk about performance, which is the key to any investment management firm. We've had some notable performance in a wide variety of products supporting our key themes despite core global markets. We also recognize there are a few areas where we need to improve, and we are going to take action. I am pleased to say performance was strong across our fixed income, with our fundamental fixed income products demonstrating continued improvement and moving to the top quartile, with 71% and 81% of our active taxable fixed income AUM exceeding its benchmarks or peer median for the 1- and 3-year period. And particularly, our high-yield team, again, was very strong, with 80% of the AUM exceeding benchmark or peer median for a 3-year time period. And this was also were consistent with over 60% of the other assets benchmarked for a 1- and 3-year period of time. I am pleased to say our performance in our alternative products have been quite strong in some of the cases, reversing some weaker performance that we saw in 2011. Our fund of funds of hedge funds, BAA, has now had 13, I want to underline, 13 consecutive quarters of positive performance relative to the benchmarks and peers. Obsidian, our fixed income hedge fund, year-to-date is up over 20%, and it's clearly outperforming its benchmark and is now back to its high watermark or close to its high watermark going forward from last year. FIGA, our model-based fixed income product, is up 7% year-to-date and outperforming its benchmarks. And I'm even more pleased to say after -- now it has 14 consecutive quarters of positive absolute performance, not just relative performance, absolute performance. Our scientific active equity team, which as we were very public about 3 years ago, when it had some very poor 1- and 3-year performance numbers. Over the last few years, we've changed the leadership team. We've added many more portfolio members and also analysts to help us navigate this. And I'm pleased to say performance over its benchmark exceeds 67% for the 1-year and 85% for the 3-year. So we can now move from a defensive position, explaining what happened, to now going forward. We have the ability to focus on more positive opportunities for asset flow. The area where we still are not hitting as well as we need to, and that is fundamental equity. This is where we've had some -- where we hired new portfolio managers. We will be announcing other hires in the most recent months to come. We have less than 50% of our AUM above the one year. It's approximately around 44%. That is not acceptable, and we are working towards building that platform up and making sure those issues are addressed. We've also had a challenging year in parts of our multi-asset product area, Global Allocation, and it's a little under 50% in its benchmarks and its one-year period is actually in the 32% area right now. So we are working with that with Dennis Stattman, who's had a 10-year great track record. So Dennis, we have total confidence with he and his team, but these are the issues that we try to make sure that we stay on top of and address. Let me move on to regulatory. This uncertain regulatory environment and recent bank missteps in financial services will undoubtedly be called for even more regulation, and asset managers may be impacted. This is a new reality, and BlackRock is trying to stay ahead of the curve and preparing for increased global regulation. Let me just discuss money market funds. Being in Washington yesterday, I believe we are going to see the SEC finally come up for comment period a proposal. I don't know what the proposal is, but I think the gridlock within the SEC may be broken. I may be premature in talking about it, but that's the type of noise I heard in Washington. We have been publicly acknowledged -- we have publicly acknowledged the need to further reduce the systemic risk in the money market funds without undermining the money market funds' source of value to investors and funding to the short-term capital markets. We have remained -- we have maintained a constructive posture with the SEC, with the FSOC staff throughout this debate. SIFI designation. The Office of Financial Research is conducting a study of asset managers. We have encouraged them to try to be more transparent in their study. This study should be completed sometime in fall, and then there's going to be a likely comment period. So at this moment, I don't have any information what does that mean for BlackRock or any other nonbank organization that is being reviewed with the Office of Financial Research. So at this time, I can't give any more color on this, but we will learn the same time everyone else learns when the official proposal is introduced by the FSOC. Now turning to the business, our focus on our strategic themes continues to be to drive flows across ETFs, retirement, income and multi-asset solutions. So let me give you some of the highlights. Institutional investors generally remain to be in a holding pattern while the trend for active to passive continues. Globally, our institutional businesses experienced about a $4 billion net long-term outflows. However, they were strong pockets of growth momentum, including defined contribution and in official institutions. Our strategic focus on retirement solutions continues to gain momentum as our DC clients generated $7.8 billion of net inflows, slightly tilted towards passive strategies. Our Life Path offering saw significant net flows of $3.1 billion. In alternatives, there was a lot of noise this quarter. We actually redetermined what should be an alternative product and what should be just a normalized active product, and $2.4 billion of that number was the redefinition of the product. It was not an outflow, but on the net difference, it looks like an outflow. There was also $1 billion of capital return because of successful reasons when we paid off a product. We are seeing outflows in global ascent which offset some of the great momentum we had in other products, including our multi-strategy hedge fund, our emerging market hedge fund, our model-based fixed income hedge fund, FIGA, and our renewable energy fund achieved for our first closing this quarter. Internationally, flows were essentially flat as we witnessed again a mixed picture of clients' behavior. Obviously, in Europe, because of the situation in Europe, we've seen a real slowdown in client activity. Some clients are derisking their portfolios, worried about what this all means, and that's where we had an $8 billion active outflows, while others needed to add risk and we had $8 billion of passive inflows, largely index equities. So it really depends on the client, their situation, their liability. So there wasn't one dramatic trend. It was a mix of trends within Europe. Let me just turn to a pipeline. We are very pleased with our net new business pipeline totaling approximately $55 billion as of July 12, up $30 billion from first quarter. This pipeline includes $9.3 billion of mandates that were funded since quarter end and $45 billion of awards to be funded. While this increase of our pipeline is certainly positive, I should remind everyone it is important to note that much of the unfunded pipeline is in passive, and then two, this only reflects, I would underscore, only reflects our institutional business. The majority of that number is institutional business. I think we are reflecting our ETF flows quarter-to-date. But that said, the underlying momentum in a number of areas across the firm is being masked by the environment that we're living with. We have strong momentum in alternatives right now, both in the U.S. and Europe, which is creating increased diversification across our alternative platform. Similarly, performance across our EMEA fixed income products is leading to good opportunities in EMEA retail and with our financial institution platform. And I'm very excited to tell you that these investments that we made over the last few years are beginning to pay off. Let me move to retail, the U.S. institutional, then I'll move to iShares. Again, the industry flows were down significantly from the first quarter. Our retail franchise delivered strong results, with $1.6 billion in long-term net inflows globally, with particularly strength in U.S. fixed income. Again, most firms in mutual funds had outflows in the second quarter. In the U.S., retail and high net worth generated $2.9 billion of long-term net inflows across all asset classes. And we continue to deepen our relationships in the SMA business, or the Separately Managed Accounts space, yielding strong results with $1.6 billion of net inflows, largely into municipals, U.S. core and other fixed income products. BlackRock is the largest and most recognized SMA platform in the country, with now $55 billion of AUM. International retail, another example of risk-off in Europe. We had outflows of $1.3 billion, predominantly in equities, which is consistent across what we are seeing worldwide. Across our broad retail platform, though, we continue to innovate, we continue to bring new products to market. Internationally, we expect to capitalize in certain of our newer funds which are reaching their third anniversary with strong track records, principally our European credit fund and our high-yield funds in Europe. So once again, this rebirth, this renewal, this investment in investment teams, it doesn't happen overnight. We're getting assets, but you bring these teams in, you nurture them, they have good performance, and after 2 to 3 years, you start seeing inflows, and we expect that from those teams. Global iShares. Despite muted activity industry-wide, iShares captured $6.1 billion in net inflows. We captured over 50% of the market share of industry fixed income flows for the quarter, with $11.7 billion in net inflows, while derisking, which is impacting even ETFs, is impacting the flows in our international equity and emerging market funds. I would say organizationally, we have 250 ETFs, and when you see risk-off globally, BlackRock's ETF platform or iShares platform will probably be more harmed in outflows because we have a multitude of products that are international-based that they are, I would call, more aggressive type of strategies than the core, what I would call, the core index, the core fundamental strategies. So that is one of our explanations in terms of market share issue. I could talk about that later. This quarter, we started off strong because we did see some modest risk-on with $3.5 billion of net inflows so far this month, which is in line with our historical market share. Consistent with our culture of innovation and strategy into new markets, we launched 50 new iShare products and special emphasis on fixed income and local equity strategies, including our Green ETF launched in Brazil, which generated over $200 million in flows during the quarter. Let me move to BlackRock Solutions. BlackRock Solutions continues to be an industry leader. BlackRock Solutions continues to be in huge demand. The need for strong risk management and analytics made the second quarter a resilient quarter despite the market adversity. BlackRock Solutions revenues were up both for over-the-period-quarter and over a year-to-year basis. This is on top of a reduction of over $61 billion of Maiden Lane assets, so -- which I'll talk about in a second. So what is also important, we saw a 21% increase in growth in our Aladdin revenues, which now represents more than 2/3 of our BRS revenues. Just 3 years ago, Aladdin represented about 1/3 of the BRS revenues, and these are the long-dated, more sticky form of revenues as clients put Aladdin and other -- our Green package, our risk management tools onto their platform. The Aladdin pipeline continues to be very strong, and increasingly, we are having -- our clients are now adopting not just our fixed income platform, Aladdin, but our clients are now looking to integrate our equity platforms. So we are working on Aladdin conversions now on the equity side for some of our existing fixed income clients. And I do believe having now a full product array of equities and fixed income at Aladdin is going to make Aladdin even more robust. I just want to take a moment and say that because we're in a period of time that most positive is a negative and negative is a real negative in our atmosphere as of today, but there's one thing that I'm very proud of, and that is our successful payback of the asset disposition related to the Maiden Lane vehicles. People don't pause and think about this is money that the government gave to Bear Stearns to make the Bear Stearns merger work with JPMorgan and to stabilize AIG to a lot of negative press, a lot of uncertainty. The American taxpayers were paid back in full with interest, and there are still opportunities remaining for more profits with the remaining portfolio in these items. This is a pretty big success for our country, for our regulators in terms of what they are trying to attempt to do in stabilizing our economy back in 2008 and '09, and the results were very strong, and not enough success is being illuminated. We're spending more time focusing on failures. Let me talk about brand. Our investment in our recently launched Investing for a New World campaign continues to deliver results. Building our strong brand is an extremely important long-term commitment that we are looking to make retail and our name recognition in the retail side to become a much stronger platform branded name. This is not just in the United States but globally. We now have clients who have never spoken to us before, calling us and finding more about our offerings. We now have more hits to our internal website than ever before, and we're having more conversations with more FAs than ever before. Let me give a couple of final comments. In this climate, we're very proud of our platform. We are very proud of being a fiduciary, committed to always doing what is right for our clients' best interest. Once again, I'd like to really thank our employees for the continued discipline and diligence in serving our clients across the globe, and I want to extend my gratitude to all our clients who have trusted us with their financial future. With that, I'll open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just digging a little deeper into performance of active equity and fundamental equity in particular. Can you talk just a little bit about some of the people changes? And then should we expect that there's sort of a go-forward replacement cycle? Because if you look at, I guess, the organic growth rate in active equities, it actually improved sequentially. So should we think about some of the people changes maybe pressuring where you are with consultants in fundamental equity and just maybe address the performance of people changes there?
Laurence Douglas Fink: That's such a good question, I'm going to give it to Rob.
Robert Steven Kapito: We have continued to build investment teams that can weather the different cycles in the marketplace, and we're looking for teams to deliver a consistent long-term performance. And as you know, we spent a lot of time and money over the last few years investing in the right talent to build up the right teams needed to deliver performance. And you should expect that we are going to be very focused on this going forward, especially in areas where we see or feel that there has been underperformance. Let me give you a little bit of a broader answer to that beyond just fundamentals, and I'll touch on that. The first thing is that in our alternatives area, you see that we've expanded our product suite and addressing this with several new teams that are around infrastructure where we think a lot of investments will be made, private equity and real estate, and Ann Marie did cover a bit of that by announcing the addition of the new Swiss Re private equity team into our product suite. Larry mentioned a little bit about fixed income, where we are focused on the process to make sure our teams can deliver strong performance. He mentioned our fundamental fixed income products, which, we are very proud to say, have now moved back to top quartile performance, and the numbers are over 80% in active taxable fixed income, exceeding the benchmark. And then in iShares, continuing to innovate the product suite, where our index funds continue to deliver very strong results, over 95% are above their performance tolerance. And now finally, the equity area, which you highlight, we have brought in a brand-new emerging markets equity team to raise the bar. We hired a gentleman named Timothy Keith [ph] to head a new flexible equity team. We have Chris Leavy, who is a tremendous hire for us, who is focusing now on strengthening our performance in the Large Cap Series, in the fundamental large cap growth in energy and Global Opportunities products as well. So I can tell you that Larry and I are going to be less tolerant of performance that is not up to par with what we need to do to drive growth and raise assets. But when I look at performance, I also want to focus your attention on our focus areas and how this translates into areas of growth for our firm. So we have an income theme, and there, we have focused attention on our equity dividend product. It has not only had strong performance but is rated 5 stars by MorningStar and is the Lipper Leader for total return, and our global dividend income, which has produced really good income, and 85% of the holdings that they have, have increased their dividend. So here's an area where we have fundamental equity with good performance, and that translates into driving growth. Also, in the income area, investors are being served by the high-yield team that Larry cited, which is continuing to be in the top 14% of their peers and raising a significant amount of assets and driving because of the performance that they have. And I'll just mention a couple others. In alternatives, just to highlight a few that may not have been mentioned as well as it should have been, is our core appreciation composite, which is our alternatives flexible fund, hedge fund, has outperformed the target by a significant amount, and we continue to attract interest. And this global alpha product that we started in fixed income is up over 7% net of fees year-to-date. That's a very exciting product for us going forward. Within solutions, the one product Larry mentioned was the Global Allocation fund, and I would just say that this is a long-term team, and while the second quarter was a bit underwhelming, the absolute performance year-to-date is positive, and clients have focused on the good long-term performance and the ability of this team to generate a good alpha in very different environments. And lastly, in the retirement space, we created, as you know, the first target date fund, and 20 years later, we're very well positioned with our Life Path funds. They have outperformed on average 84% of their peers across all the vintages in 2011. And we also continue to see good flows in the ETFs and index product, with notable flows in the fixed income area. So I would say that performance can be described as very good in most areas. Turnaround, finally in a few areas that you've all focused on in the last few calls, but most especially, the strong performance in our 5 key focus areas and the continued investment in our portfolio teams are really driving the business at this point.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just on the alternative bucket, just -- I mean, it looks like -- clearly, some of the core products experienced volatility. The volatility that you're seeing, is it sort of in line with what you've seen historically? And are we moving to a new -- to sort of a new place with alternative allocations, where maybe manager selection is mattering more? And then is volatility becoming more important? I don't know if that's for you, Larry or Rob.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Let me give it to Rob.
Robert Steven Kapito: It's really -- the only change has been the volatility in the risk on and risk off. We still rely upon the process that the individual managers have, which has really not changed, but I think that you may see more volatility in the numbers just because of this risk on/risk off situation, which is happening globally. But I believe the long-term performance in those and the current process that we have will bear out the right performance numbers for the team moving forward.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you'd expect your flows to sort of follow that volatility pattern a bit more as well?
Robert Steven Kapito: Yes. And I think that the highlight that I mentioned, the FIGA, some of these products, which are the go-anywhere product, giving flexibility to the managers, is going to help their returns. And we already see that attracting flows, and also the clients that are interested, the amount of visits and interests are up on those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: On the alternatives, I mean, just thinking about the performance, the outlook, obviously, is very difficult to pinpoint or forecast. But can you give us a sense of how you think about performance fees today versus maybe this time a year ago or as we think about kind of even on a short-term basis next quarter and obviously, a big ramp potentially in the fourth quarter? But any guidance on how you're thinking about that outlook would be helpful.
Ann Marie Petach: Well, as I mentioned in my remarks, the volatility in the environment has made it difficult for me to pinpoint even my own internal forecast on performance fees because we've seen -- as I've been observing, where some of the biggest funds are relative to high watermarks, I see them above high watermarks one week, and the next week, below them. And it's so much a single point in time measurement that that's what makes the forecasting hard. Rob had the luxury of talking over time, and I fully agree, the performance over time is going to be strong. And I know the question you're asking is the performance on a single day, and that becomes challenged. Of course, last year also was not our most robust year ever in performance fees. And year-to-date, we've tracked broadly in line with last year. But that being said, this environment does make our...
Laurence Douglas Fink: But I would say things like Obsidian is now back to close to its high watermark is an opportunity now going forward. And we have other products that are doing quite well, like FIGA and R3 or BAA. So I think because of the volatility, it's hard to track actually what the amount of performance fees, but I would say we are in a better position at this moment than we were last year in terms of where we are in terms of high watermarks and other issues. So it's now up to the PMs to perform, but we're in a pretty good position. But the volatility is pretty extraordinary.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. But that's helpful. And then I guess on the expenses, Ann Marie, you mentioned that there was a 14% increase in marketing within the broader kind of G&A line. I guess could you help us understand what kind of the dollar amount that is and maybe as we think about expenses going forward, how much -- where you are in that spending kind of marketing campaign and think about maybe the ramp, or is that a good run rate kind of thinking about the rest...
Laurence Douglas Fink: Let me just say one thing before Ann Marie discusses the specific here. Obviously, all our spend is a function of what our commitment to everybody is related to our margins. Not one expense is looked at separately from a total view of how you're tracking in our margins. Our margins are up about 0.5%. I think depending obviously where beta, I can give you a much better degree of where our margins will be. But I know -- one should not just lock in a spend on anything hard just because we are going to mitigate spend as we think about margins, as we think about going into 2013. But that said, we are very committed in this brand campaign. It is a long-term strategy and a major component of where we believe this firm needs to go. So that, Ann Marie will give you more of the -- can give you much more of the, I guess, the granularity of that.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. So just to give you the specifics, sequentially, marketing expense was up a little more than $20 million. I would say that would be a reasonable rate at which we could run, but there will be some seasonality in our marketing. So you're not going to see -- like Larry said, we're going to spend it the way it makes sense. When everyone's in vacation in July and August, we're not going to be running the same amount of ads. We're going to spend less money, and you're going to see that come down. In the fourth quarter, when people are ready to invest, you're going to see it come up. So we're going to spend -- I think the important thing is we're going to spend the money in a way we think we're going to get a real return on it.
Laurence Douglas Fink: And versus the overall level of where the firm is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question on the composition of the institutional pipeline. Can you talk about what was the largest mandate in the pipeline?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, it's multibillion. It's less than $10 billion. I think -- my guess is $6 billion or $7 billion. I mean, I think about $6 billion to $8 billion. It's in that range. I know the client, but I don't remember the exact dollar amount. And I must say these are not in the pipeline. I met with a client last week and we're looking at a portfolio -- I'm not here to tell you we're going to win it, but we're working on a strategic relationship with a client that is -- it's over $15 billion. We're working on other clients that are looking to outsource a large component. This is something that Rob's working on that may be possibly outsourcing a large component of the balance sheet. So we're not even close to winning these yet, so I don't want to put these in any models or businesses. But we are -- because of this uncertain environment, clients are looking for more, as I said earlier, more thoughtful, more strategic type of conversations, and some of the conversations we're having are really robust. But I think on a general basis, Craig, our pipeline makeup is really consistent with the past types of pipeline compositions.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just a follow-up on the new trading platform initiative. I was wondering if you could give us any update and also talk about -- is all the expense for this platform kind of really in the run rate today? And then also maybe talk about what's the opportunity to revenue from the trading effort in your solutions business.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, a, I learn about a lot of it from the press. They seem to know more than I do. So we did do a beta testing, which the press actually got, and we're not trying to hide from it. It was very successful. I'm not even going to talk about how many clients were on it, but it was successful. We all seem pleased about it. The run rate is probably appropriate with whatever is in our platform already, but if we start seeing it ramped up, we will have a higher run rate once we start really implementing, if we have tens and tens and tens of clients as part of it after we go from the beta testing. And then when you look at -- in terms of revenues, we haven't focused on the revenue model component of it yet because we're focused and making sure the functionality. And if the functionality is good, if we can show to clients that this is a better execution, the clients are aware that ultimately, this is going to be some form of a revenue model. Let me be very clear, though. As BlackRock as a participant, for our clients that we are navigating trades for our clients, we are charging no commission. So that has to be very clear. We cannot do that. That would be illegal. It would be against a lot of the Rissel [ph] laws and all the other things. So we are doing that flat and clear with the idea that we're a higher fiduciary and we're getting better execution. For clients who are on the Aladdin platform, there would be, obviously, a transaction cost fee. It could be cost plus something, which would be very de minimis. So I look at this not unlike when we first created Aladdin, when we all started offering risk management service for our clients. It was really meant to be a cost -- ability for us to fray some of our technology cost. Obviously, it transformed into something way beyond that. We are looking at this as if we could earn enough revenues to offset all our trading platform costs across BlackRock, that's a huge win. It helps our margins. So I don't want anyone to model out something that's going to be a massive transformational revenue area because I don't expect it'll ever be that, but it may. I never would have expected BlackRock Solutions' Aladdin to be as strong and robust as it is so -- but we are looking at it primarily to raise the bar as a fiduciary standard to minimize execution cost for our clients. And Craig, as I said to everybody over the last few years, we would not be upset if the market-makers of today make the most tightest market ever and that there's not a need for our trading platform. We are doing this only because of the issues surrounding Basel III, Volcker Rule, all the other issues, where we believe there's going to be less capital in the marketplace for the security firms to be making markets for. And so as a result of it, we believe there will be a long-term need for this type of platform to reduce our cost of execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelley of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just taking what you said about -- and we see it too in the asset liability gap of some of your clients and how that's widened out versus your pipeline and where you're seeing new flows, what do you think stems the disconnect here? When do institutional clients take on more risk? What is needed to get them over the hump?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, let me just tell you a funny story I had. This is not an institutional client -- let me restate. This is not a pension fund client. I was having dinner with one of the large sovereign wealth funds, which clearly is multigenerational tools for capital, and all our conversations over dinner were about talking about long-dated solutions. And by dessert, though, they said, "But we are still measured quarterly." That's the dilemma. And that's the dilemma that everyone's facing. We are -- clients are frightened of short-term volatility, and so they have derisked. And as you cited and what we have said in the past, derisking is actually causing much greater pain over a longer period of time that -- and importantly, if you are -- even if you are an individual retiree, one of our defined contribution client, if they're 35 years old and they've been sitting in bonds for 5 years during the era where you're supposed to start ramping up the compounding of your return to get an adequate retirement, you were really harmed. And I don't believe in our country today, in other countries, we do enough to focus on how does one get to the nest egg that is necessary to live comfortably during the retirement ages. We spend so much time focusing on health care. We spend so much time focusing on how to live an extra day, week, month or year, and yet we spend so little time focusing on how can we build the appropriate nest egg to have that life during retirement. I think in the short run, what we have seen, we talked about this over quarters and quarters, we're seeing more barbelling. We're seeing clients barbelling, going into beta products and then going into alts. Some of it, unfortunately, is not -- they're going into alts. Why? Because of accounting. Because in some, like in some private equity areas of beta, the accounting is longer-dated, and therefore, they have less volatility. And so I hope those are fewer and fewer clients who are doing alts only for accounting reasons. Obviously, another reason why clients are going into alts and barbelling is because they're looking more for absolute return strategies not relative to return strategy, and they're absolutely looking for return strategies that meet -- that exceed at least 7 5/8% return. So they can meet their liabilities. So I would say what we are seeing now -- I mentioned this $15 billion client. This client is worried about low interest rates and how it's impairing, and they have given us this ability to relook and recreate what they should do with this $15 billion. And we're going to be looking at it over a multi-period of time. And so what I do believe clients are beginning to do, they're asking the question how should we frame this out? We're actually spending more time talking to the boards of some of the pension plan, trying to help the board understand this. Their fiduciary responsibility for retirees and for current employees is a very difficult one. So these are very hard questions to answer. And if we continue to have low rates and if some of these plans only earn 1%, these issues become even more enlarged. So I really do believe our platform has proven to be a differentiator in these conversations. So not only do we have the breadth of products, but we have the risk management tools that help them think about it. And this is what gives me a great amount of comfort about what we're doing and how we're positioned.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then one follow-up from me on the opposite end of your barbell strategy then, there's been a lot of talk lately about your iShares strategy and the low-cost competitors gaining share. So just curious where you think for your business specifically you'll see the most growth going forward both by asset class and by product -- sorry, by region, not by asset class.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, as I said earlier, when there's a risk-on in the world with our breadth of products that are worldwide, we will have more than our market share. As I said in the beginning of the third quarter, we've had more of our industry type of market share because there was a little risk-on in the first week or so of July. But when we are head to head in a commodity-based product, I think you're correct in saying when a commodity-based product at one of the core strategies where price becomes more dominant because competitors have equal liquidity, equal tracking air, price is a more dominant issue. Without going into much detail, we believe we have a plan to address it over the next coming months. And it is a big issue. I have to give a lot of credit for Vanguard. They are a trustworthy brand, and they've taken market share from BlackRock in the U.S. core type of equity products. We're holding our own. Obviously, worldwide, we're holding our own in fixed income, but I am not pleased in our positioning to date in the core commoditized products in the United States.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question, just on the fee rate, usually in the second quarter, there's the sec lending fees, so it's a little tough to try to measure. But if we just look sequentially, it's an unusual quarter because your average core AUM x advisory, the assets would be up a little over 1%. But if you look at the fee rate, it's down, and if you strip out the incremental sec lending fees, it would be down a decent amount. So I was just wondering, you mentioned some of the weight on, like, international equity markets. But if you look at it on an average basis, they weren't down as much. And so I guess I'm just trying to figure out, did you really see a lot of, like, core fee rate pressure, or when we just take the period-end AUM numbers given the value of the market in June, it's just a bad kind of average AUM number.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Mike, I think the number one issue is a mix of business. We saw flows out of equity, flows into fixed income, different margins. So on top of the beta -- out of some active strategies and the beta strategies, the key -- and this is an industry issue, much more outflows in equity globally and much more inflows in fixed income. The risk-off trade.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. That's helpful.
Ann Marie Petach: No, I was going to say there are no fee issues. It's all …
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, we had no fee issues. That's what I'm...
Ann Marie Petach: But even within equity, it's a mix issue going from what I would call the higher-risk areas to the more core areas, and those tend to be higher fee to lower fee. So it's all mixed...
Laurence Douglas Fink: But also if you look at where markets degraded the most, those are some of the higher fee areas, the emerging market products, the energy products, that's where the greatest degradation of actual returns were, where we had these larger negative returns, and those are the higher-fee products.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. Okay, that makes sense. And then maybe just on the succession that you mentioned just in terms of the overall firm. Yes, it's really the most asset managers that the firms tend to be run for the investors, and that's where a lot of the focus is on. And so from the investor's side, we don't see the full bench. So with Sue retiring, what's your outlook -- who's on the bench? I mean, obviously, Rob, but like what's -- how do you kind of see BlackRock going forward over the next couple of years?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, Sue was visible, working alongside with me, but the bench actually has increased over the last few years. We have a robust executive committee of men and women, part of it. As you said, Rob is the President, actively working on the firm's issues every day, alongside Charlie Hallac, who's our Chief Operating Officer and has been the Chief Operating Officer for 2 years. We have Rich Kushel. We have -- our bench is actually growing, not decreasing, and adding the Mark McCombes and the Phil Hildebrands has enlarged our bench. And we have some young men and women in our firm who are really taking on much more of the responsibility. You're going to hear more and more as investors about Rob Goldstein. He is the individual who runs BlackRock Solutions. He's done a fabulous job. He's been at the firm 20-ish, 18 years to be exact. And he's done an incredible job. And so the bench is growing. And I'm forgetting some of the names or I'm not mentioning all the names. But I would tell you the bench is strong. It's robust. And I'm very proud of the process in which we are engaged in elevating our team and making sure we have a robust team. Rob, do you have any comments on that?
Robert Steven Kapito: No, I think the board goes through succession planning, and we have just done an exhaustive review that's going to be presented. And that's part of our goal is to make sure that we are bringing up individuals, giving them more responsibility and having a very broad bench. And we're -- we'll continue to do that. And I think the focus has been on several people that have left the firm. Unfortunately, no one is talking about all the people that we've recently brought into the firm. And we'll continue to do that and raise the bar for talent. I agree with Larry. We have a very strong bench that's been built over many, many years.
Laurence Douglas Fink: But we've heard the investors ask for more transparency with -- having more visibility with more of our team, and we're planning to do that. And in fact, we have thought about doing investor days at BlackRock. I think we are planning to do that later this year or next year.
Ann Marie Petach: June.
Laurence Douglas Fink: June of next year.
Ann Marie Petach: June of next year.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Okay. So I was -- so that's already on the schedule. So we have much more transparency and visibility with our leaders of the firm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Question on the -- I appreciate that you're highlighting the kind of different revenue characteristics of the different asset mix, iShares and whatnot. But maybe be helpful also to -- if you can provide some incremental color on the margin variance. I mean, my general sense is maybe iShares and index, even though clearly, lower fee realization rates may actually be higher margins, I mean, if there's any kind of color you can provide on how we should think of the variance and probably...
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm going to have Ann Marie to really get into it. But once again, I would say twofold. A, the mix really does have a strong impact on the margin. You're absolutely correct. The margin specifically in index and ETFs are higher. But obviously, the equities have a higher margin than fixed income. And so you take into the mix, you take into -- as I said, where do you have the greatest market declines, those are the highest fee type of products. And I think it's just -- it's heavily into the mix, but Ann Marie, help me.
Ann Marie Petach: I think the margin, you're absolutely right with the ETFs and index, both being -- because there's low incremental cost with managing those assets. You can put on a lot of volume. It's the beauty of that part of the business model.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, appreciate that. And Larry, understanding that we really don't know what the FSOC will come up with, whether it relates to naming you or others a SIFI and what that even means from a capital perspective or otherwise, but how is kind of that uncertainty playing into your thoughts over the next coming quarters or year about capital management? Is it kind of at the margin making you a little -- your appetite for, say, share repurchase a little less robust? I mean, how should we kind of think about it?
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question that it's an element of our process of thinking. It's not a major element. I think if it was an element, I would not have bought $1 billion of shares back in May. We intend to continue our share repurchase. In our conversation with our board, we believe that will be an essential component. I think you should consider share repurchase as a continuation. We believe that with our huge free cash flow, that is just going to be a continuation of our business model. So we don't -- once again, I don't believe we're going to do any large-scale acquisitions. However, we are going to -- we continue to see small fill-ins, whether it was the Claymore transaction in ETFs or what we did in the fund of funds, which really fulfilled our needs because we have a very strong U.S. fund of funds of private equity. The Swiss Re transaction makes it a global fund of funds of private equity platform, and it actually enlarges our products and infrastructure also. We are actually looking at a couple of fill-ins right now, one exclusively, and we hope that is something that makes sense once we do some due diligence. So we are in the market of making sure we have the best platform and taking advantage and being opportunistic in terms of fill-ins, as I suggested, as part of our business strategy. But I will make it very clear. Utilization of our free cash flow for share repurchases and dividends is also a major component of our plans for the future. Whether we are a SIFI or not, as you said, we don't know what that means for capital. We already have approximately, what, $1.2 billion of capital set aside because of regulators' request as a result of the BGI transaction. So we, unlike most asset managers, we already have capital set aside. We are -- and another thing, you're aware of it, but I need to remind everyone, we're already regulated by the OCC, the Federal Reserve, the FSAs, the SECs. And so I'm not sure how that translates if we are one and what does that mean. It probably will have bigger impact if there are other firms who are not regulated by these entities who will have a more pronounced impact than it would on us. And possibly, and I'm not saying it's going to happen, there's a possibility that if you're designated a SIFI, it might be a good thing. Maybe you are because you're so properly reviewed and scrutinized, you have a higher fiduciary standard and people -- investors want that. The mood is changing dramatically. It was always suggested for banks who are designated SIFIs, and I think this is going to be true, that their liability costs are going to be less because they're going to have more associated capital. And I do believe in efficient markets their liability costs should be less than other firms. Now since we don't have those types of capital needs and debt, it doesn't have that type of impact, but we'll see. We'll see how this all plays out. What I can say is we are trying to be as constructive and helpful when asked by regulators on helping them what it means to be an asset manager. We have spent time educating them on asset managers. So we've had requests from regulators, can we educate them? Obviously, one component of Dodd-Frank, I have to remind everybody, we are not allowed to have conversations to the regulators about this or it becomes a public disclosure item. This is very different than most other forms of regulation or potential regulation. And so let me be clear about it. We are not going to regulators and trying to lobby or try to go against it. We are trying to be cooperative when asked, and so that's why we are still in the dark somewhat about how this all plays out.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Alex Kramm of UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to come back to the ETF business and the equity side, in particular. Obviously, we saw the outflows, and you gave some good color, and obviously, emerging markets and other business also, you guys were a little bit weak, so I hear that. But just the idea that we had outflows and in general, I'm wondering if that means anything to you in terms of the maturity of the business, not just your iShares business but equity and ETFs as a whole. Do you think the access to passage is slowing down or is it just really a risk on/risk off kind of a move we're seeing here?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I've asked my team that specific question because obviously, that would have a meaningful impact on the future. So we believe it is entirely a risk-on/risk-off type of transaction. As I said, we've had $3.5 billion of inflows so far in July. Those are more of the non-core type of ETF. They're more in what I would call the risk-on type of products. And so more than ever before, I think if you think about it, what area has done some of the worst performances are areas like emerging markets. It is Europe and it is energy product, it is mining, some of the ETFs that were very big winners a year ago. And one thing I think is very important to note, as I suggested in other quarterly calls, we see very large, active institutional participation in ETFs when they are searching for equity exposures, whether it's in Europe or emerging markets. So you have to also think this is not outflows from retail. It was more of the institutional managers worldwide who use ETFs for beta exposures. They are -- they took off risk, and so it's just a -- to me, using this flow information is a great indicator of mood. And when -- I don't believe it is an indicator of a transition into a new pattern of growth. I think it's a real indicator of mood, which is consistent what we are seeing across our other products.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then I guess just lastly, switching to the active side, I think you mentioned a little bit about the quants, the scientific equity product, and how you finally have the better performance. But I feel like you've talked about the better performance already for a couple of quarters now. So what is changing now that you think you have a better conversation with clients to actually turn this into inflows?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Inflow products?
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We are having better conversations. Those conversations have not transformed yet into flows, but we are having better conversation or actually having some clients who had us on watch list before who have now taken us off watch list. And one client actually gave us more money. Now that was one example. It is -- so as you know, this area had severe underperformance 3, 4, 5 years ago, and now we've proven that over the 3 years, we actually have consistent performance, a couple hundred basis points over most indexes. And it's just time, but the conversations are more robust. The conversations are better. And I would just say the outflows in that area are the lowest levels that we've seen in the past 6 quarters. So it's -- the conversations are more frequent. I could tell you the consultant conversations are totally changed from one that "What's going on?" to "Tell us more." And so it's just time. I wish I could tell you time is today. I don't have that understanding yet, but generally, we see -- after 3 year anniversaries, you begin to see a slow and modest uptick, and then you start seeing some real flows.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. Very, very good. I guess it's something to look forward to.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Yes, and I am looking forward to it, too. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, all the employees. I look forward to talking to everybody with a report at the end of the third quarter with a risk-on mood. But we'll see. Have a good quarter, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew J. Mallow - General Counsel and Senior Managing Director Ann Marie Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Senior Member of Operating Committee, Senior Member of Leadership Committee and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Cynthia Mayer - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Neil Stratton
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2012 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.
Matthew J. Mallow: Thanks very much. This is Matt Mallow. I am the General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me point out that, during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors that may cause our results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements we make today. And finally, BlackRock assumes no duty and you should not expect that we will undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie.
Ann Marie Petach: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Uncertain markets continue in 2012. Markets began the year strong globally, buoyed by hopes for stability in Europe and positive economic data in the U.S. However, the mood remains fragile, and some of those initial gains have sold off as confidence and mood vary with each new data point. You can see that just in the last 2 days. The initial market improvements and investor activity supported BlackRock's strong first quarter results, with EPS up 7% compared to a year ago and 3% compared to the fourth quarter. Our financial performance highlights our strong focus on our clients' needs and our ability to work with them, supported by the breadth of our product set, our global presence and our unmatched risk tools. These strengths uniquely position us to meet the diverse needs of clients in this complex and ever-evolving market. As seen in our branding campaign, BlackRock is focusing on products and solutions that are especially important to investors in this environment, and this alignment with client needs is supporting our flows and our revenues. Our 5 client focus areas drove our net new revenue for the quarter. We expect them to be substantial contributors to organic revenue growth throughout 2012. At the same time, we saw the outflow of the previously identified $36 billion low-fee fixed income index mandate related to a single client who insourced the asset. The revenues associated with this mandate was about $4 million. Despite starting the year behind on high-water marks, strong performance in the first quarter allowed us to maintain stable performance fees compared to the first quarter of 2011. Our cost base is benefiting from actions we took in 2011 and supporting our margin. Supported by strong cash flow, the board approved the 9% increase in our first quarter dividend and increased our share repurchase authorization back up to 5 million shares. In the first quarter, we repurchased 648,000 shares for about $125 million. The key takeaway for me is that our breadth and diversity have positioned us well for organic growth and the ability to perform well in various market environments. With that, let me quickly walk you through the results. As I make my comments, I'll be referring to the slides in the supplement, which you can get from our website. And as usual, I'm going to be talking primarily about as-adjusted results. I've already talked about the trends, so I'm going to move us right ahead to Slide 3. Our first quarter operating margin was 38.6%. The margin improved sequentially when you adjust for 2 items. First of all, we had seasonally high performance fees in the fourth quarter of 2011. And second of all, the first quarter had seasonally high employment taxes. Sequentially, the margin reflected the benefits of the lower base comp resulting from the restructuring we did last year, though this is partially offset by a sequential increase in marketing associated with our commitment to the brand. Our comp-to-revenue ratio of 36.2% was consistent with the long-term range of 35% when you normalize for the seasonal payroll taxes. Taking a look at markets, as shown on Slide 4. The strong recovery in all global markets benefited every -- all asset classes since the fourth quarter, and you can see that on the right-hand column of the page. I'm focusing on average markets since the majority of our equity piece is priced daily. Then if you look at the second column in, although markets are up compared to the fourth quarter, compared to a year ago, the story is quite different. U.S. markets are up, on average, 3%, but world markets, as seen on MSCI, European markets, emerging markets, Asia markets are still between 4% and 9% below the first quarter 2011. As a result of the diversity of our equity business, about 1/2 of our equity AUM is tied to non-U.S. markets. These mixed market results obviously impacted our revenues compared to a year ago, so it created headwinds for us coming into the year, though new business with clients and other revenue strengths helped to buffer the headwinds associated with these market effects. I'll start with a comparison of results to a year ago then discuss results compared to the prior quarter. On Slide 6, you can see that earnings per share of $3.16 included $3.10 of operating earnings and $0.06 of nonoperating income. EPS benefited from growth in long-dated assets, expense discipline and share repurchases. The first quarter as-adjusted tax rate was 31.5%. This sequentially is a 0.5 point improvement and this reflected the positive effect of state and local tax legislation. And those benefits will continue for us, going forward. Operating earnings of $825 million, which you can see on Slide 7, reflected expense discipline and improvements in long-dated base fees. Our business model benefits from the first revenue sources. We've got a revenue slide laid out for you on Slide 8. First quarter revenues were $2,249,000,000. This includes about $2 billion of base fees, $80 million of performance fees and $123 million of BRS revenues. Flows into most long-dated products helped to drive growth in long-dated base fees. At the same time, low rates and regulatory uncertainty have been a drag on our cash products. As I mentioned before, strong performance in the first quarter allowed us to generate performance fees that were comparable to 2011. And while our performance varies by fund, the gap to high-water marks for some funds was eliminated completely and for other funds was narrowed to a couple of percentage points. We also continued to benefit from strong performance on our traditional products, which generated $28 million of the total performance fees. BlackRock Solutions and advisory revenues of $123 million were relatively stable compared to the first quarter of 2011. An almost 20% increase in our core line revenues was sufficient to offset, first of all, the non-recurrence of a larger segment in the first quarter of 2011 and, secondly, the successful disposition of assets from our advisory portfolios. The $49 billion decrease in advisory assets compared to a year ago was driven by dispositions, which have broadly benefited U.S. taxpayers. The appetite for BRS remains strong both on the lending and the advisory side, something Larry is going to talk more about. Despite the effects of negative world equity markets, first quarter base fees, which you can see on Slide 9, on long-dated assets are up compared to 2011. This is driven by clients putting assets into income, multi-asset and index products and to an improved sec lending environment. Just to note a few highlights. Revenues on multi-asset class products are up 11% compared to a year ago. And to put the growth of iShares revenues into perspective: The revenues are up 7% from the first quarter of 2011 and up 28% from the first quarter of 2010. The only long-dated asset class with a notable revenue decline compared to a year ago is active equity, and that is explained by the flows of quant product over the past year. Given our strong performance on these products, and really on a 3 basis -- 3-year basis, we're now 80% above benchmark. We continue to believe that this trend will reverse itself. And as a matter of fact, the quant outflows were at their lowest level in a single quarter since the BGI merger. Compared to a year ago, we also saw about a 20% decline, a little more than that, from the exodus of cash products, low yields driving that. Looking at expenses now on Slide 10. Our expense discipline continued, combined with an absence of closed-end launches, resulting in a 3% decrease in as-adjusted expenses. In addition to the reduced launch costs, G&A benefited from lower occupancy cost as we eliminated double rents books in Princeton and London when we were moving to new locations. We also maintained stable marketing cost. This is despite the launch of our major new brand campaign, which I hope and assume everyone has seen at this point. Keep in mind that the first quarter campaign launched in late February, so reflected only one month of our actual advertising expense. This is an important long-term investment already paying off in the volume and quality of dialogue with our clients, also something Larry is going to talk more about. Compensation expense was more than explained by an increase in base term [ph]. We have invested in the business and added great talent over the past year. Our investments were focused around ETFs, income, retirement, solutions and alternatives. These are the same themes which have resonated with our clients and generated organic revenue growth. Further, as an -- as evidence of our investment in the business, in the first quarter we closed the Claymore transaction, that's our Canadian ETF platform, and we launched 44 new iShares product. Moving on to sequential results. Operating results were relatively stable despite seasonal factors, aided by favorable markets and a strong client response. On Slide 12, EPS improved by $0.10 compared to the fourth quarter, including $0.14 associated with improved marks on our co- and seed investments. Relatively stable operating income of $825 million, as seen on Slide 13, reflected strong markets and seasonal factors, which I'll talk about as we continue on Slide 14, looking at revenues. Organic growth and strong markets resulted in a $114 million sequential base fee improvement, shown in the green, offset by lower seasonal performance fees, $67 million. The fourth quarters are peak locked periods for performance fees. And recall that in the fourth quarter of 2011, we completed a very large advisory assignment in BRS, accounting for the decline in BRS revenues. As discussed earlier, the combination of strong markets and flows benefited all asset classes. Base fees are shown on Slide 15. There was particular strength in iShares resulting in revenues of $594 million and now representing almost 1/3 of our total base fees. We did put a new slide in the supplement with the various breakouts of revenues that we thought would be beneficial to you. We saw robust flows into both equity and fixed income iShares, specifically emerging markets and a large array of income-oriented products. Further, we saw continued strength in both asset class revenues and strength in first quarter defined contribution flows. It's encouraging to see the themes we believe to be so critical to our clients playing out in our flows and revenues as we begin the year. I mentioned earlier, continued expense discipline. I'm now on Slide 16. The base comp benefits of our fourth quarter personnel reduction were more than offset by the seasonal effect of first quarter payroll taxes, driving that increase in comp and benefits sequentially. Direct fund and distribution expense increased with our strong asset growth. The $34 million reduction in G&A includes a $15 million increase in sequential marketing expense associated with our brand campaign that was more than offset by other cost reductions, including we had no fund launch costs in the quarter, lower occupancy expense and lower professional fees. Non-operating income of $15 million is shown on Slide 18 and included $55 million of positive marks primarily, as you can see on our co-investments in private equity on the left-hand side and distressed credit in the middle bar. The value of the investment portfolio was up about 18%, closing the quarter at $1.2 billion, excluding hedges. The growth related primarily to seeding; included we seeded 2 new European income funds important for future growth and markets. As a reminder, we invest alongside and align with our clients and seed new products as required for the base business, but we have no proprietary investments. Our revenues and business model are predicated on acting as fiduciaries on behalf of our client and receiving a fee for providing those services. Our balance sheet remains small, with less than $8 billion of economic tangible assets primarily composed of cash, receivables and the investment portfolio. So wrapping up, summing up on Slide 19. We delivered a healthy margin and returned a large amount of cash to shareholders, resulting in over a 70% payout in the first quarter. Our cash flow generation allows us ample opportunity to reward shareholders consistently. Our operating cash flow in the quarter reflected both the strong operating results and also the fact that we make our annual incentive comp payments in the first quarter. Looking ahead, we're extremely excited about opportunities we have to work with our clients in 2012 and believe we are uniquely positioned to continue helping them navigate this challenging environment. We've entered the year benefiting from our business model and client focus. Our intense focus on delivering to clients' needs generated top line revenue growth across long-dated asset classes as clients responded to investment themes designed to benefit them in these times. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry, who'll discuss the external environment, his dialogue and what we're seeing with our clients and the ways in which we can help them navigate these markets.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Ann Marie. Before I talk about 2012 and the first quarter and going forward, it probably makes sense for me to reflect on how we guided to 2012 and talk about 2011 a little bit. The volatility we saw in 2011 really froze many, many clients worldwide. Cash buildup is -- grew up throughout 2011. Investing in bonds, short-term bonds, as a means to preserve wealth was a norm for most investors worldwide. And we saw, as an overall portfolio in 2011, pronounced derisking. Although the markets had risk on, risk off, risk on, risk off, I would say the preponderance of invested -- investors worldwide added more cash in short-term bonds over the course of 2011 than they did in some incremental investing in more risk-on products. We certainly also saw in 2011 more barbelling strategies; going into beta products, index and ETFs; and going into alternatives. And it was the uncertainty of -- from the U.S. in terms of our management of our deficits and our fiscal discipline and which was essentially the lows from the latter part of the second quarter going into the third quarter. And then we had the European crisis really coming to a real crisis in the third and fourth quarter last year. We began to see stability in the world as the U.S. economy started showing some rays of hope that there was stability. But more importantly, the actions from the ECB with their long-term financing vehicle, LTRO, that provided the necessary liquidity to stabilize Europe. And from that, we then began to see clients starting to focus on how derisked they were. And then going into 2012, we certainly saw large-scale clients moving from cash positions into longer-dated bonds, into credit type of products, into dividend-like equity products, all the types of themes that we are focused on in our campaign. And so overall, we saw some re-risking into the market. However, if you think about the internal generation of cash, I would still say the fears of the investor still is more overwhelming than the hope for a better future. So we -- despite the rally in global equities from its lows, I would still qualify the market to be quite fragile. Attitudes are basically on the borderline of pessimism than optimism. And also, we are seeing this in -- from our perspective, with CEO behavior. We're still seeing most companies being very risk-adverse. I think we're going to see in the first quarter above-forecast earnings. Essentially, the reason for that is everybody is for -- is overlaying a overall view of pessimism, not optimism. And we are actually seeing performance better than that pessimistic view, and therefore, we're seeing in terms of corporate earnings, more exceeds than misses. But as we enter the second quarter, I still believe there's a great deal of uncertainty ahead of us. It is very hard for investors and CEOs and politicians to decipher between the good news and the bad news. It's very difficult for investors to have truly a long-term view. And so this growth in investing in bonds continues, cash buildup continues mostly through bank deposits, less than money market funds, as an industry. And so I don't believe that the future is much different than it has been, but it is remarkable to think about how strong equity markets were in the first quarter, with just some incremental investing in equities. This is why, as I said October last year, as I said February this year, I still believe in equities more than ever before because we witnessed, with just some small investing, a pretty substantial rally in the equity markets. And that just is a great sign of how derisked people are. And as you look back in the first quarter, we saw large-scale repurchase of stocks from corporations, a very modest calendar of IPOs. And so as we enter the second quarter, the outstanding of equities in the world is less today than it was in January 1. And so it is -- so we're seeing CEO behavior purchasing shares back, raising dividends, all fundamentally strong foundations for a better equity market. But let us be clear: We are not seeing major changes in investor behavior. We are seeing some re-risking. So incrementally versus the third and fourth quarter of last year, yes, we are seeing a lot more investing, but I don't believe it's to -- it's at a point where we could say the markets are going to be really strong because of a strong transition out of the cash, out of more bonds into equities. That's just not happening yet. Despite all that, BlackRock fared very well, which I'm going to talk about in a minute. I think the U.S. economy will be and will continue to be a strength in the world economy. We believe the U.S. economy can grow between 2.5% and 2.8%. We are seeing stability in the employment market. We are seeing, incremental from the private sector, some job growth. We are still seeing some negative flow -- jobs created from the public sector. And I should remind everybody: If we ever do tackle our federal deficits, that is another way of saying we will have less jobs in our federal government as we tackle our deficits. And so we do need a robust private sector and we do need a robust job creator in the private sector. And that's going to be very important, going forward. Volatility in the world will continue in the next few weeks. We have a serious important election in France. We have elections in the United States in November. And it's very important that everyone focus on the issues around the U.S. deficit. We -- in our quest of trying to stabilize our fiscal discipline, we created this $1.2 trillion mandatory decline in spending beginning next year of which $700 billion will be for our military budget. This should start having an impact on our economy in the second and third quarter as, businesses that are chiefly doing business with our military and our defense, they're going to have to start focusing on what this decline in defense spending means for their companies. And so I have spent time in watching, urging Congress to focus on this today because this is not an issue that they need to focus on in November as they think their back's against the wall. I'm trying to alert Congress today: Their back's against the wall this moment. Business behavior has to respond not as quickly as politicians but over a multi-quarter period of time, and I do believe you're going to see business behavior change as we head towards the ultimate decline in military spending if we don't address that. One last thing, on the macro issues. I do believe oil is going to play a more significant role in terms of the outcomes in different parts of the world. I think that oil prices have a real influence on the ECB behavior. I do believe the ECB has to ease. And their interest rates are 1%, but because of oil playing a significant issue around inflation, the reluctance to ease in Europe is going to be very pronounced if we don't see a reduction in oil prices. If we can't see an oil price reduction of some magnitude, I do believe the ECB will ease, will ease aggressively, because it is our opinion that the euro has to fall in value for the southern-rim European countries to ever find growth. Right now, the southern rim politicians are constantly working on fiscal discipline, which erodes the economy, which creates greater strains on their population, greater strains on the issues of unemployment in the southern rim. And so we also need to find ways of growth in Europe and growth beyond the northern rim. If we don't find that growth, we will have more serious issues. And as I said earlier, the ECB issues is not a 3-year problem to work it out. It's a 4-, 5-, 6-, 7-year issue. So what does this all mean for BlackRock, with all this noise? We have seen a great interest with our clients worldwide in working with BlackRock to help them in guidance with advice in terms of how they should navigate their liabilities, how they should invest in their -- to assets to meet those liabilities. So I do believe our business model today has been more valid -- never been more valid than today in terms of working with clients as they try to decipher the good news and the bad news, the push and pull of markets. And I believe we are witnessing a real large increase in this type of advice. We are certainly seeing this in the form of our BlackRock Solution area, but we are seeing this in our multi-asset class area, we're seeing that in BMACS, we are seeing that in other high-contribution business. Some of this is being manifest in increased performance in our ETF iShares platform; some of it in our, as I said, defined contribution; some of it in our alternatives business. So excluding, as Ann Marie discussed, out this onetime previously announced outflow of a piece of index business that was out of our control, this was -- this organization portfolio was assumed by a government, and they internalized the assets. We had approximately $25.7 billion of long-term flows, very diversified. And when I look at the environment of the world, we were very pleased with that type of organic growth across many spectrums. And it actually -- these long-term flows actually corresponded to our brand campaign, our focus areas of ETFs, retirement income, multi-asset strategy solutions and alternatives. So it validated our platform. As our press release announced, we have approximately $3.685 trillion of assets. We witnessed over $200 billion of net growth in long-term assets to $3.34 trillion. And what I think is also interesting as we focus on BlackRock's mix: Our mix continues to increase in the multi-asset strategy area where we closed at $246 billion. We added more assets in alternatives to $110 billion. Fixed income ended the quarter with $1.244 trillion, and equities, $1.744 trillion. So once again, it's this business model of mix. It's a global business model. It's a solution-based business model that truly helped us navigate what I would call -- in a very uncertain time in the marketplace. The other thing that I think is important to relate, especially relative to the S&P: We entered this year with below-market level of revenues because of the performance of global equities outside the U.S. in the third and fourth quarter. And so when everyone focused on the S&P, the S&P was flat. And yet, as Ann Marie discussed earlier, there were some obviously very negative market performance numbers overseas in the third and fourth quarter. We had that big hole to overcome. We did. And so this is another reason why I'm particularly proud of how we navigated in this quarter. Before I get into some of the business highlights, let me just discuss some of the investments we made. Obviously, we're making investment in our brand. We believe our brand is becoming more and more important. It is significant for us to expand our brand. Our retail distribution partners have told us, "You need to expand your brand." We need to have some demand pull instead of sell push. And we are accomplishing that. The brand recognition is growing. The types of inquiries we receive globally in terms of our brand initiative has been quite strong. It is that brand campaign that has helped us to distinguish and help our clients decipher some of the noise. It is helping them understand where they should be focusing in these uncertain times and how they can navigate higher returns and mitigate some of the associated risk. We had more inquiry than we've ever had with our website. We had more inquiry with our telephone operators than we've ever had before, not just in the U.S. but worldwide. And so the impact is immediate. And we expect that impact to transform into sales over the course of the next few quarters and years. So we continue to believe in this. We believe it is differentiating us. We believe we're being thoughtful, helpful. And most importantly, we want to come across as a solution provider to all our clients: from our retail clients to our largest institutional client. The other area that we continue to invest and we will continue to invest and that is investing in our people as we see more and more opportunity to expand our platform. As I said over multiple quarters, we are not actively looking at large-scale acquisitions. I can tell you today we are continue to not looking at large-scale acquisitions. I've never seen an environment with more companies for sale, but we have not shown any interest in doing that. What we are doing, though, is looking for talented teams to augment our platform already. We added a emerging market debt team in Europe. We added a new head of one of our emerging market equity teams. We're adding more people across our capital markets, trading platform, marketings, communication. We're adding heavily in technology, which I'll get into in a minute, and risk in our quantitative analysis group. The one thing that I think the world doesn't understand in terms of cost, and that's the regulatory environment. The regulatory environment continues to take shape. I don't know what this totally means for BlackRock, but we're investing large sums of money to become compliant and stay ahead of regulation. This regulation will be required for all asset managers, all hedge funds, all private equity firms. We are talking about regulations such as Form PF, which is going to be requiring reporting derivative holdings to the CFTC and to the SEC. This is a large-scale need. We all -- and this is client-by-client reporting that has to be done on a continuum. We have FACTA, which we are going to have to report. This is a big issue for our EMEA area. We have a AIFMD, the alternative investment fund management directive, in EMEA. This is all requiring a buildup of technology. This is requiring building up more -- a larger team with our regulators. This is not just a BlackRock phenomenon. This is an industry phenomenon. This is going to be a large-scale need worldwide. One of the reasons why -- which I'll talk about it later on, why we are seeing more and more interest in Aladdin and BlackRock Solutions is because of the need for better technology, better systems. This is not just for our risk management reason, it is for reporting purposes too. Having a single technology platform is going to be imperative to properly submit all your necessary regulatory requirements to all the regulators worldwide. And so we are trying to stay ahead of this. We are investing money and time for this, and I do believe this is going to be a very large component of how other asset managers are going to have to respond. This is -- and I just want to underscore it: This is not a BlackRock-only situation. It is an industry-wide issue. Society is looking for greater transparency, greater information. And we are staying ahead of that, making sure we are compliant with all our clients worldwide. And we do believe, because of our position, we have a higher fiduciary standard in making sure we do this as properly as possible. Let me discuss quickly some of the businesses things. Ann Marie did a very good summary of a lot of the business issues. Our iShares business was a standout in the quarter, with $18.2 billion in net new business, which was remarkable. This is in line with our growth in the fourth quarter. Traditionally, in the first quarter, we have sometimes outflows, as you saw big inflows in the fourth quarter and outflows in the first quarter. The whole industry saw a very large increase in the utilizations of ETFs. As I said, I think a lot of the ETF flows was related to this modest risk on client -- added risk, added beta. As they were probably mismatched and too much concentration in cash and in bonds, they added more exposure, more beta, whether it's long-term bond beta or high-yield beta or beta in equities or commodities. They did it through ETFs. We are seeing a trend, though, of more and more investors using beta products as alpha. We are seeing more and more investors tactically allocating, using ETFs to get greater exposure to an asset category to a region, and ETFs are playing a more demonstrable role in that. I believe that will become a larger and larger component, and this is why we believe ETFs will continue to drive more and more growth. We are still not seeing ETF's cannibalizing of the mutual fund business. The mutual fund business is slow because people are not adding risk. I'll get into ours in a minute, but it is -- I don't believe much of this is cannibalization. I believe most of the growth in ETFs are new participants in these products. Much of it is institutional, as they use beta for alpha. The band across the ETF platform was oriented towards fixed income. For us, we had $9.4 billion of net flows. We captured 46% of the fixed income flows for the quarter. Particularly great were our U.S. and Canada iShares products growing about $14.5 billion. That was -- a lot of it was driven into emerging markets and more of our high-yield products. Our emphasis in dividends was rewarded also in -- because we saw equity income grow. We saw high yield grow to about $8.2 billion in inflows. We also saw, as people went back into the emerging market, markets after huge outflows. In the third and fourth quarter, we had $2.7 billion of inflows in our emerging market ETF products, and now it stands to be about $40 billion. Ann Marie suggested we closed the Claymore transaction. It was a wonderful time that it closed on and we had good flows in Canada. And more importantly, we have the dominant position both institutionally and retail in the ETF market in Canada, which we are very happy with. BlackRock -- legacy BlackRock was much stronger institutionally in Canada. The Claymore transaction really helped us on the retail side, so we cannot be more pleased with our position in Canada today. And as I said earlier, we will be looking to do in-market types of transactions like that if we could find opportunities to augment our position in different products, such as ETFs. International iShares, we grew by $3.7 billion. We had 59% of the EMEA market, much of that was -- had to do with a lot of market participants. We're leaving the note-related or the derivative types of ETN products and moving into the physical-based products. We have the large beneficiary of that as we have aggressively discussed the attributes of physical-based ETFs versus derivative-based ETFs: the credit exposure that investors have with derivative-based ETFs. As another example of our culture of innovation, we continue to build out more products. We added 44 new iShares products, as Ann Marie discussed, and those products have attracted already in the first quarter $700 million of new flows. And we continue to try to be as innovative as any organization. On the retail side, we continue to see strength in the U.S. and we continue to build our presence in the U.S. So we have many participants that had outflows in the retail mutual funds. We actually in the U.S. had $1.2 billion of net long-term flows. Another example how we are building our brand, we're building our presence in the retail area. In our European mutual funds, we had a modest $100 million of outflows. That is an example of the uncertainty in Europe and some of the uncertainty in Asia. We -- hopefully, we can stabilize our -- the businesses in Europe, but I think the European mutual fund business is going through this transition as the marketplace tries to understand what it means with the sovereign debt crisis of Europe. In terms of institutional business, we are still seeing clients being very, very cautious. Most of our clients institutionally are -- if they're adding beta, they're adding beta mostly in passive strategies to gain that market exposure. But we are seeing some inflows in our active products. In our Americas institutional business, we had $7.7 billion of growth, which was driven $5.7 billion in our active products. A lot of that was in our multi-asset class solutions. We also had a $1 billion award of a very large international client. That is a best idea strategy for BlackRock: a huge award with a very large international client. Our defined contribution continues to grow nicely. We had close to $10 billion of growth split evenly between active and passive strategies of which $3 billion was in our Life Path multi-asset strategy offering. And as we discussed in our branding campaign and as we discussed in many other forums, we believe a focus on longevity is essential. We do not believe so many Americans are adequately investing for their retirement properly. We believe they are miscalculating how long they are going to live. And we have a serious growing crisis in this country in terms of meeting the needs of longevity of life. As I said in many forums, we spend so much time focusing on health. We are -- as humans are trying to find new ways of extending a life, but we're spending so little time how to afford that longevity. This is something that -- where BlackRock is trying to provide answers, solutions, hope, and I think we are beginning that dialogue with many people on trying to find that solution. But it is essential that we all -- all of us in our industry focus on the needs of financing longevity in this country. This is not, I should state, this country. This is a worldwide problem. It's just as dire in other parts of the world, too, in making sure that we are saving enough. In EMEA, institutionally generated about $1.5 billion in inflows despite all this caution and de-risking. Particularly, that was for a large defined benefit plan. And we continue to see growth in our index strategies. But we lost about $3 billion in some of the active strategies in Europe, predominantly in U.K. equities as people de-risked in the U.K. and some of the credit strategies. I'm particularly pleased with the first quarter growth in alternatives. We had about $800 million of net new business during the quarter, but we are involved with so much dialogue. We've never had more dialogue with our alternative strategies than we've ever had before. This is what we've been talking about over the last year or so as we are seeing clients barbelling, using beta and using more alternatives of strategy. That is persisting, that is continuing to grow. That is not just a U.S. phenomenon, that is a worldwide phenomenon. And in Asia-Pac, we had one -- some outflows in Japan, particularly. We had $3 billion of outflows. We actually are seeing some very good inquiries in Japan right now and more opportunities, so I don't believe there's anything that is systemic about what happened in Asia. Let me talk about BlackRock Solutions. The need for strong risk management analytics continues to drive demand for our Aladdin-based services. What's particularly encouraging: While BRS revenues were down year-over-year by $5 million, we saw a 19% growth in Aladdin revenues. So we transformed the onetime wins into long-dated, sticky revenues. So this 19% growth in Aladdin was one of the biggest growth rates we've had in the last few years. It's indicative of what we see and the opportunities we have in Aladdin. You have to remember, we had, as Ann Marie discussed, some large dispositions in our advisory business, which reduced our fees. And as we -- we also had one very large governmental assignment, onetime advisory assignment, the first quarter of last year that we obviously -- it was a onetime assignment. So if you look at our -- the consistency of growth in the Aladdin side, this really encourage us to believe that we have huge growth opportunities going forward as we are becoming more and more as a percent of revenues being Aladdin versus the onetime advisory revenues. I'm not trying to suggest that the advisory revenues aren't good. They're wonderful, they actually -- in many cases, the onetime advisory revenues translates into an Aladdin contract. So it is a very, very important component of the BlackRock Solutions business. The momentum is strong, as I said, in Aladdin. We won a very large assignment in Japan, another example, as we are becoming more global in this platform. We now have $12.3 trillion in the Aladdin platform that we are navigating risk for clients and providing an operating system. And that is a record level. There has been quite a bit of noise related to the BlackRock-Aladdin trading network. Let me try to give a little more clarity about this. We are responding to the regulatory regime that is transforming the future ways of -- the sell side does business. Under Basel III, banks are going to really require you to have higher capital. Because of the Volcker Rule, banks are going to have more inhibition and some prohibition in doing principal trading. The natural outcome of that will be probably wider bid-ask spreads, and I want to underline "probably." Well, last, if we could see a narrowing in bid-ask spreads, quite frankly we don't need the Aladdin trading platform. We are doing this with the idea that we want to be the most and highest level of fiduciary to our clients. And if we are seeing a persistent widening in spreads, we believe this system will continue to be -- will flourish and grow. And so we are doing this with our sales right now where we are trying to cross more and more trades. And through our Aladdin clients' wishes, they ask to come onto this platform. And so we are beginning the process in which we are going to be adding some clients to this platform. And what -- let me underscore it: It will only be Aladdin-based clients that are going to be permitted to go on to this platform. For BlackRock trades, there is no commissions on this. We are not going to make -- we're not trying to become a broker-dealer. We are trying to be a fiduciary in minimizing our friction cost of trades. For our clients that are on the Aladdin system, we are going to try to charge a fee that overcomes our cost, and that is it. It is our intention through this platform in terms of revenues, hopefully, this will be another mechanism, another reason why clients want to go into Aladdin system. And if they are allowed -- if they are on the Aladdin system for risk management, they'll have access to this platform. That will be the revenue model as we design this. But this is not going to transform BlackRock in anyway. This is not going to change our behavior, our relations with the sell side. They are going to be powerful counterparties and powerful partners for us. And so I just want to diminish this noise around this: We look at this as raising the bar as fiduciary standard. Hopefully, this will augment more Aladdin-like revenues over the course of the next few years. But let's be clear: This is a long-term, multiyear strategy. This is not unlike when we've launched the Aladdin trading -- Aladdin technology platform as a mechanism to expand our relationships with our clients. We are going to continue to invest in our Aladdin system. I am very pleased to say that we are now winning more assignments in equities. So Aladdin system used to be only bonds, it's now in equities. So we are now having great opportunities across all our existing clients to offer the Aladdin system across all the different asset categories. Our SMA business, although we had those onetime wins from last year and we had some dispositions for our clients, continues to generate strong returns. And we are -- we have been awarded another country assignment, which I am not going to divulge, so we're working with another European country right now. It is public that we work for Ireland, and it's been public that we've been reengaged by Ireland this quarter. It is public that we are working on behalf of the Greek central bank. It is not public related to another Central Bank assignment in Europe. So we continue to be a firm that institutions are looking for advice and help. And it's -- and it continues to drive and differentiate BlackRock for the future. Let me just talk about some notable performance. We had very good performance at our hedge funds. We overcome some of our high-water mark hurdles in products like Obsidian. Our FIGA product continues to differentiate itself. R3 had a very good first quarter. Our Equity Dividend Fund continues to grow and continues to differentiate it. European equities, year after year, quarter after quarter, they have done an amazing job. Global allocations outperformed our benchmarks in the first quarter. That's our $8 billion go-anywhere product that Dennis Stattman runs. Our fixed income mortgage operation had a very good quarter performance. Global Bond continues to do well. Municipal retail has had another good quarter. So overall, I would say it was a very good quarter in terms of our products, our performance and the performance in the products that we are really pushing. Ann Marie discussed quite a bit about capital management. We are committed in increasing shareholder value through capital management decisions. We increased our dividend by 9%. We are -- we continue to repurchase shares. We have authority for a 5-million share repurchase. We continue to think and believe that we have great opportunity. We do have about $3-plus billion of free cash flow. As I said earlier in this talk, I am not here thinking that we're going to ever do a large merger again, so I would suggest that our position about using -- utilizing our free cash flow for dividend and for capital management through shares is going to be a position that we're going to take over the course of the next few years. We are very interested in, as I said, doing fill-in mergers, but we are -- with the opportunity that we have in lift-outs of teams, as we showed that we were able to do that in the first quarter, we will continue to do that too. So overall, the first quarter was a good one. I am very proud of how we positioned ourself going forward this year. I'm remarkably excited about where we are and where we're going. I am -- I really do believe we are as well positioned as any asset manager in the world as -- we are as well positioned at BlackRock as we've been in the last 6 years with our -- we don't have mergers to worry about, we don't have a world collapse to worry about. We're focused on clients, we're focused on providing solutions for clients, and we're well positioned globally worldwide with our team to provide those solutions. Once again, thank you. We can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Nomura.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess the first question I have is -- Larry just mentioned the $3 billion or plus of free cash flow. The 72% payout was bigger than where you had been running the last, call it, 2 years. And just curious on if that's a high level of payout that we should expect or if 50 is your best guesstimate going forward, as you'd indicated in the past.
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. Well, no. What -- the 70-odd percent is a combination of stock repurchases and dividend. Our payout ratio of dividend is going to be between 40% and 50%. I don't want it ever to be higher. But last year, I think we paid out 120-something percent. I don't want to -- yes, it's in terms of -- so I expect it to -- I think, to be very frank, we expect to use our free cash flow opportunistically up to the board approval in terms of utilizing that free cash flow to do whatever is necessary to support a robust stock.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Fair enough. On the trading system, just curious on the basic principles of it. Is it a similar crossing network that you see in some of the equity markets where trades get done when there are same security, same price at the same time, trades crossing at the same time? And can you pre-load pre-existing trades and underneath the covers, so to speak, and wait for them to be hit? Just curious on how it's going to actually work.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I believe that is the design. That is the design of the platform. Right now, it is obviously crossing and all that as we get more and more players on it. There is going to be some transparency where the underlying desires of sellers and buyers will be.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got it. One other question on -- the new product pipeline has been good, and you've been able to consistently launch new funds. I think you launched 4 new fixed income ETFs in April. So I guess the question is -- there's been some attention in the press to credit ETFs in terms of providing -- of promoting volatility in the markets. I'm just curious if it's gotten any regulator attention and how you feel about that because it's obviously a big growth business.
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's certainly regulatories -- reviews on all things related to ETFs at the moment. Much of it in the Europe has to do with router-based [ph] ETFs. There is obviously reviews by the FCC in the freeze in terms of leverage ETFs. They're not allowing new ETFs with any leverage to be created until they have a full review. Specifically in terms of credit ETFs, I'm not aware of any inquiry from any specific regulator. Matt?
Matthew J. Mallow: No, I'm not aware of any, either.
Laurence Douglas Fink: So look, I believe there is greater and greater demand for credit. Whether you see that in separate accounts with -- or you see it in -- or you see that in ETFs, ETFs just gives you more transparency and clarity where the market's going. But I don't think ETFs are adding any more volatility than when you see large-scale demand in any one product, whether it is a -- in physical-based securities separate account or through a publicly traded vehicle like an ETF. I cannot understand why somebody would say the ETF creates more volatility than demand than any other physical-based separate account. So I don't understand that noise, if there is such noise, and I'll just leave it at that.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And here's a last one, it's just on margin. There's always a bunch of moving parts, and obviously, the first quarter has the performance fee give back. But given higher asset levels and what's clear, expense control, even in the face of the marketing campaign. Any reason to think that margins won't be in and around that 39% level that you've been in for a long time?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I see no reason why, over the course of the year, margins will be consistent as they were last year. 39% is a good benchmark, 39.5%. Whatever that comes in, it should be a good benchmark. I just want to overlay the issue around regulatory issues, I was trying to be very specific on that. Regulation costs a lot of money. And so I don't want to -- I'm not here to tell you we're lowering our margin expectations, so I'm not saying that, but I am saying that we are spending a great deal of time on making sure we're compliant. And I don't believe this could be a onetime cost that's going to be very large. Once we get it routinized onto the system, it will certainly -- certainly, once we get it on the system, costs will be less. But it really depends on how we are going to be regulated and how many more people do we need to interface with regulators as regulation of asset managers increases across the board. But at this moment, I am not saying it's going to have any major impact on margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Larry, if we look at the core institutional pipeline, the sequential change there, I'm wondering if you can just comment on kind of what drove the decline there if we back out the $36 billion mandate. And also, are you seeing a mix shift in your institutional clients into ETFs out of passive mandates?
Laurence Douglas Fink: There's no question. You're seeing, for those institutions who are adding beta for tactical purposes they're doing -- a lot of institutions are using ETFs. A couple of sovereign wealth funds who historically used index funds are now using ETFs. And so yes, there is a change in mix, but it's not entirely. And our pipeline, I don't think it's sequentially that much lower, what, $24 billion. But we -- keep in mind, we are not forecasting ETFs, as you suggested, or retail in those flows and -- but there are -- you're seeing behavior change with some institutions going in using ETFs because they value liquidity more than the cost of the -- than the asset management fee. Obviously, for those clients who believe that they're going to be sitting with a beta exposure over a period of time, they will go into index funds with lower fees. But to get that liquidity, we are seeing, as I said, like, some sovereign wealth funds are using ETFs more extensively.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then on sec lending fees, the second quarter is always your seasonally strong quarter for these fees. So if we think about the changes in rates over the last year and really kind of what hedge fund activity is doing, which it seems to be another driver, how should we think about the step-up in sec lending fees, which flows through management fees in the second quarter?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we had obviously a very good first quarter on this. We are seeing more hedged fund shorting stocks, looking for shares. So utilization was up in the first quarter, we -- and we still see utilization strong in the second quarter. And quite frankly, in a very short end of the curve, there's a yield curve. It's only a few basis points, but there is a yield curve at the very shortest period, a point of the -- and so a combination of utilization rates and then some yield curve. And the very shortest point of the yield curve has allowed sec lending fees to grow. Ann Marie, do you have any comments related to the first or second quarter?
Ann Marie Petach: I think that's good. We see both the seasonal effect and then some of those hopefully more secular trends both helping those revenues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe you guys can talk about just the insourcing this quarter. When you look across your AUM, is there some more of that low-fee index-oriented mandates that might be at risk as you look forward?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No, we don't know of any.
Marc S. Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then on -- Larry, on the world of fixed income in terms of the barbelling between alpha and beta strategies, if you will, can you just talk a little bit about what's happening in core and core plus and just how important credit is becoming in institutional allocations?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, you're -- it's very hard for extension pension liabilities to meet their liability needs with -- without having some type of income in credit strategies. But they're not going to -- they're certainly not going to do it in duration anymore with even long end being just so low in yields. So we are seeing across the board a very strong interest in credit types of strategies. We're seeing increased interest in hedge fund-like strategies in fixed income and in credit. But your -- core strategies with the treasury market being so dominant in core strategies, you're seeing more core plus interest and more credit-oriented strategies across the board, more strategies that are global in nature, emerging markets in nature. So you're seeing institutions really reflect on how they are going to maneuver out of core strategies over the course of the next 2 years. Now obviously, for those who have the luxury of having their assets and liabilities pretty matched, owning bonds is a very sensible thing to do. And that -- and so I'm not trying to suggest across the board owning fixed income or owning in treasuries is not a thing to do. Unfortunately, so many of our pension funds are sitting with very large underfunded liabilities, and they're all addressing it. And this is another reason why we're seeing more interest in dividend-related strategies, too. So it's not -- we're looking for other strategies that can produce income and, obviously, try to reduce as much beta exposure as you can. But I think, Marc, we're going to be living with this for a couple of years, in this low-rate environment. And unfortunately, this low-rate environment is a real tax on savers, on pension funds. And it's a real question, can these organizations tolerate for a couple more years? And to sit in bonds and core strategies for the next few years, is that the sensible thing to do? Obviously, your -- if you're incredibly risk-adverse, that might be the sensible thing to do, but it comes at a cost. And we are trying to identify to our clients, at -- what type of cost this is going to have on these organizations. As we heard earlier this -- in the first quarter, the average pension fund had greater mismatches as a result of market performance last year, as we saw lower rates, also their liabilities went up and their -- the value of their assets went down. So it's not a pretty picture.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cynthia Mayer of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Cynthia Mayer - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I apologize if you’ve mentioned this, but are you guys still targeting a comp-to-revenues ratio around 34.5% or 35%?
Ann Marie Petach: Yes, we're still in that 35% range. It's a little higher in the first quarter because you get your annual bonus payment-related payroll taxes all hitting you there. So it's always a little higher in the first quarter.
Cynthia Mayer - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then on the move to the physically backed ETFs overseas, do you feel as though that still has room to go, that you could still gain more share there? Or has that pretty much run its course at this point?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm not sure we’re going to gain more share, but I don't think it's run its course. I think more and more people are looking at physical-based ETFs there. There is -- and we even saw one of our -- one of the derivative-based ETF players translate its business into physical base. And so I don't think it's run its course because I do believe most buyers are going to be looking for physical-based products. And I think that awareness has been getting more apparent. Obviously, we have 55% market share in Europe and so the last thing I'm going to do is forecast a higher market share.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelly of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So Larry, you'd mentioned that the discussions you were having with clients on alternative products has never been stronger. I think you said a kind of similar commentary to prior quarter and showing up in your flows a little bit more this quarter. So just wondering if you could segment your client base a little bit for the alternative interest. So which institutional clients are most interested, least interested? And how are they thinking about barbelling?
Laurence Douglas Fink: It's -- I don't -- we are winning guys with the retail platforms in -- within your organization. We have a couple of alternative strategies through the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney platform. But institutionally, really it's across the board where we're having dialogue. I would say, our penetration with foundation endowments is growing. We're seeing more participation there. We are seeing more asset opportunities with pension plans, especially in Europe. EMEA has been a very strong growth area. Hopefully, we're going to be closing one of our private equity types of strategies, a lot of participation in that in Europe. And so it is growing worldwide, our penetration is particularly strong with smaller institutions. And -- but there's not one area or one type of client that I could suggest to you that is looking to add alternatives with BlackRock. But it's -- I can say, geographically, Europe has been a particularly large area of growth for us.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So one follow-up from me. Just curious to get your thoughts on what we need for retail investors to truly reengage in equity mutual funds. I know you said that the markets are still skittish, and I'm sure you feel like -- the clients feel like they've been burned a couple of times in the market. So what do you think we really need?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Oh my gosh. Look, I think we -- it's all a confidence game. It's a confidence game from our politicians, we need leadership. It's a confidence game with our CEOs, we need leadership. It's confidence from the FAs to give people more confidence. In the United States, I think, as we see a stabilization in housing, which we expect to see next year, that will be a foundation for growing confidence. But the issues of trying to navigate this European situation, I think it's frightening for a lot of people just don't understand. As we are trying to show in our branding initiative that there is a huge cost of doing nothing, and we have to educate more and more people, by doing nothing and market timing, that is not a good answer. And we need to really engage everybody in talking about what type of -- in terms of individuals, what type of pool money do you need upon retirement? And how are you going to achieve that, earning very little sustaining cash? And the question is, does -- the noise of today, does that have any impact on a 30-year objective? And unfortunately, as we watch financial news on television and listening to it on the radio and reading it in print, through blogs, it's all about minutia and day-to-day strategies. And so it actually accelerates the short term-ism, but as advisors, we have to focus on focusing what the -- what your needs are, and that's what we're trying to do not with just retail -- with mutual fund buyers but we're trying to do that institutionally worldwide. And it's very important for us to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Ann Marie, just on the expenses, so G&A, a bit lower. You mentioned the marketing. I think you said, this quarter it's around $15 million. And I just want to make sure we had that right. So if we run rate that, would it be another $30 million for the second quarter? And then, I guess, on the flip side, when I look at the comp, any way to size up the payroll tax impact? Because that will obviously moderate and provide some offset there.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. I can take those all offline, but the payroll was broadly about 27 and the marketing is directionally correct. I'll talk to you more.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, Larry, if you look at recent, like, trends in the institutional part of the business and you compare that to, say, like, the past 10 years, like, what is the level of activity, meaning engagement, making decisions? Because it seems like the flows are improving but it still seems like, industry-wide, there's still a lot of uncertainty. And then just one follow-up on that trading platform. Just, if we do go the route where Volcker is more draconian, then in a good scenario for you guys and your clients, what do you guys anticipate being, like, the max of your ability to internalize, like, meaning the percentage of the volume?
Laurence Douglas Fink: To answer your first part of the question related to the activity of dialogue. Dialogue has never been stronger, but it takes a lot more time to try to get clients to move. So their behavior is more of -- one of reluctance, of fear, trepidation. But the dialogue is probably more unique than ever before. But more importantly, the dialogue is different. 10 years ago, dialogue was on a core strategy: a core fixed income strategy, a large cap strategy. Those conversations don't happen anymore. The conversations today are more about multi-asset strategy. It's about alternatives. It's about overlaying assets versus liabilities. It is much more complex. So the dialogue is longer, the timing in which people commit is much longer. Trepidation is large. And so -- and that's what I'm trying to say at the beginning. Although we have some nice market movements, we've seen some nice, long-term flows at BlackRock, there is still an overwhelming amount of reluctance. It's not a reluctance because they don't want to do something, it's a reluctance overlaying fear. Will this cost my job? How do I respond? And what we're trying to hit hard to everybody: Well, doing nothing could cost your job even more. You've got to -- we have to respond to these open issues, so -- but I think the key is the dialogue is different. It's more comprehensive: multi-asset strategy, alternative, barbelling. Much different. And I should also state, as well, if you’ve looked at our pipeline, our pipeline speaks about that. Our pipeline is much heavily oriented to multi-asset strategy and a lot more alternatives. And so when you see our pipeline, you'll see more of that type of behavior and those types of dialogues. In terms of our trading platform, if Volcker Rule is more draconian, I hope it's not. That's not in our interest as investors. It may be in the interest of society. But there is a fundamental cost with that and investors are going to have to pay for that. Right now, I think we're crossing about 6% of our trades. Our hope is if we could get it up to 30%, that would be magnificent. That's a big -- a very high bar to achieve, so let's go at 1% at a time, from 6% to 7% to 8%. And obviously, we don't know the magnitude of how many clients from Aladdin will go on to it. If we ever achieve those objectives of 20% or 30% of crossing, it's going to have to mean a lot more participation with many more clients. And so -- but if it is more draconian, if markets are much wider, I think more clients will want to be part of this platform, and that will accelerate the utilization rate of the trading platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
Neil Stratton: This is actually Neil, filling in. Larry, I was wondering if you could give us your thoughts today on money market reform and the likely outcomes.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We believe money market reform should be a fire way [ph]. We believe the industry has been reluctant to change. We need to be working with the SEC on money market reform. I've had dialogues with some of our fellow asset managers to work together on money market reform, working with the SEC. It is our position that if we do not work together with the SEC on money market reform, the FSOC committee will make it for us. And so we have been much more aggressive on addressing money market reform. We believe it's necessary for this industry to begin growing again. As we witness, the industry is shrinking every quarter. We have been isolated, though, with that opinion. We have been remarkably one of the only firms to aggressively believe that we need money market reform, working with the SEC to a sensible industry- and client-oriented solution. And so -- but I must say, in recent weeks, we have, through our dialogue, offline dialogues, with other firms, I believe there's a good opportunity in front of us to work with the SEC for money market reform. Hence, we avoid the FSOC telling us what money market reform will do to us. That's it? Good. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for a good quarter, everyone at the firm. I look forward to talking to you at the next quarter. Talk to you later.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick Olson - Managing Director Laurence Douglas Fink - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Senior Member of Operating Committee, Senior Member of Leadership Committee and Chairman of Executive Committee Ann Marie Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director
Analysts: Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is David, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and Head of Corporate Development and Investor Relations, Patrick Olson. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Olson, you may begin your conference.
Patrick Olson: Thanks, operator. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining BlackRock's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call.  Before we begin, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed, with the SEC, reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ann Marie to discuss our financial results. Ann Marie?
Ann Marie Petach: Thank you, Patrick. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining. I know it's a busy earnings morning out there today. I want to take you through the financial results for the quarter and the full year, which were quite positive given the extraordinary global market volatility.  BlackRock delivered strong financial results this year, with full year EPS up 8%. This performance highlights the strength of the company, the breadth of our product set and our global footprint. Combined with our risk tools, these strengths uniquely position us to meet the diverse needs of clients in this challenging environment. While flows for the quarter were strong relative to the industry, we were not immune to the impact of the current markets on our revenue. Still, we maintained strong margins by balancing beta-driven revenue effects with expense management.  We also took actions to position the business well going into 2012. The business generated operating cash flow of $2.7 billion for the year, allowing us to fund a large return of cash to shareholders. This includes the repurchase of 618,000 shares, costing about $100 million in the fourth quarter. Larry's going to be talking more about the market environment generally and our focus areas for 2012.  The key takeaway for me is that in the turbulent markets we've been seeing, BlackRock demonstrated that our product and geographic diversification is working. We are built to help clients in markets like these, and we can perform well despite global headwinds and macro uncertainties. With that, let me quickly walk you through the results. As I make my comments, I'll be referring to the supplement. You can find it on our website. And as usual, I'll be talking about primarily as-adjusted results. As you can see on Slide 1 of the supplement, we announced full year earnings of $11.85, again, reflecting a year-over-year growth in EPS of 8%. This was driven by a 7% increase in operating earnings and supported by our share buyback activity. Operating's earnings growth was driven by both revenue growth and margin improvement. On Slide 2, you can see that our full year operating margin improved from 39.3% in 2010 to 39.7% in 2011, and this margin improvement despite again the market environment. Our compensation-to-revenue ratio of 34.7% was consistent with 2010, which was 34.8% and, really, the range we've been running in for the last several years of 35%. So nothing's changed there. Slide 3 shows the extent of market volatility in the fourth quarter. Given the majority of our equity assets priced daily and focusing on average rather than period-end markets. U.S. markets fared relatively well, ending the year with a strong recovery. But world markets, emerging markets, energy and mining fared poorly, driven in part by European uncertainties. Compared to prior periods, world markets were down around 5%, and emerging markets were down in the double digits. Volatility and global market declines affected investor sentiment. And since about half of our equity AUM is tied to non-U.S. markets, this obviously impacted our revenues.  We generated business that buffered some of these market effects, as we saw net new business, clients-favored index, EPS and multi-asset products in the face of this uncertainty. These products saw inflows and was otherwise, generally, a negative flow environment. I'm now going to walk through a comparison of fourth quarter results compared to a year ago then discuss our results compared to the prior quarter. On Slide 5, you can see that earnings per share of $3.06 included $3.14 of operating earnings and $0.08 of nonoperating expense. EPS was negatively impacted by lower performance fees but benefited from our share repurchase program. While we recorded positive marks on our investment portfolio, the marks were just not as positive as a year ago. The fourth quarter as-adjusted tax rate was 32%. We've been running in this area for the last few quarters. All things being equal, I think this is a reasonable rate to think about as we enter 2012. Moving to Slide 6. Year-over-year operating earnings of $841 million reflected revenue diversity, organic growth and expense controls, partially offsetting the market-related effects on revenues. Slide 7, you can see how our business model benefits from diverse revenue sources. Fourth quarter revenues were $2.2 billion. This includes $1.9 billion of base fees, $147 million of performance fees and a record $149 million of BRS revenues. In the fourth quarter, we generated $364 million of revenue. That's 16% of the total from sources other than base fees. In 2011, we benefited from increases in revenue across numerous sources. That included full year $72 million increase in sec lending revenue, that's a 22% year-over-year increase, and a $50 million increase in BRS revenues, an 11% year-over-year increase. So you can see we have components of revenues growing at double-digit rates.  Almost 60% of our hedge funds outperformed the relative HFRI indices over the past 12 months. Despite that fact, fourth quarter performance fees of $147 million were down $179 million compared to a year ago. As with many hedge funds across the industry, several of our own hedge funds ended the year below high watermarks. Our performance varies by fund. But as we begin 2012, the gap to high watermarks for the fund that had been our most material performance fee drivers are only below high watermarks in the low single digits. So while performance was down, this feels much different and much better than 2008. At the same time, we continue to benefit from strong performance under traditional products, where we generated $100 million of performance fees in the quarter. As I mentioned, BlackRock Solutions and Advisory revenues reached a record high for the quarter of $149 million, as well as a full year record high. Growth continued in our core Aladdin business as clients sought out sophisticated tools to manage risk in the face of volatility. The revenues also reflect the completion of a major advisory assignment in the fourth quarter.  On a full year basis, nearly 80% of the growth in BRS revenues came from ongoing Aladdin assignments, which will continue to benefit the revenue base in 2012 and beyond because these are very long-lived relationships. Much of the growth came from international clients, and that's transforming BRS from a predominantly U.S. business to one which is truly global. Fourth quarter base fees of $1.9 billion, as you can see on Slide 8, are down $88 million from 2010. This primarily reflects the volatile and negative world equity markets. The decline in our equity-related revenues was offset partially by flight of new business into ETFs and other index products, as well as the flows into multi-asset class products. The diversity of our long-dated offerings across active and passive products serving multiple client types and multiple regions is one of our key strengths that helps us maintain strong revenues relative to the challenging external environment. Compared to a year ago, we also saw the revenue effect of the exit from low-yielding cash products, so we did see some reversal of that trend with clients coming back into cash products in the fourth quarter. Turning now to Slide 9. You can see that our expense controls contributed to a 9% decrease in as-adjusted expenses, which totaled $1.4 billion, as well as contributed to our strong margin. We recorded a $32 million onetime charge in the fourth quarter related to several restructuring opportunities that will benefit us beginning next year. These opportunities were associated primarily with the continued integration of iShares, on more global and integrated approach to marketing and additional efficiencies in technology and operations associated with further progress towards a single global operating platform. We excluded this charge from as-adjusted results.  At the same time, we continue to invest in our business. We added net over 900 people to the firm in 2011. Just last week, we announced the acquisition of a Canadian ETF platform and we continue our commitment to our brand. These are all things Larry's going to talk more about. These are important investments for the long term. Moving on to sequential quarter results. Operating results were relatively stable, which I know everyone really focuses on how we're doing sequentially, while nonoperating results benefited from the favorable movements in markets right at the end of the year.  On Slide 11, you can see sequentially EPS improved by $0.23. That included $0.21 associated with improved marks on our co- and seed investments, and I'll talk a little bit more about nonoperating in a minute. Stable operating income of $841 million, seen on Slide 12, was supported by stability in revenues and stability in expenses. Moving to Slide 13. A $56 million increase in performance fees and a $32 million increase in BRS revenues were offset by market-related decreases in base fees, which you can see on Slide 14. The pressure on base fees related to the effect of unfavorable markets on equity and AUM which overwhelmed what was really a good quarter for strong net new business. As I mentioned earlier, we've continued our expense discipline. As you can see on Slide 15, expenses were stable across most categories. Expenses did include in the quarter $8 million of fund launch costs associated with the $300 million closed-end fund investing in utilities and infrastructure. I think a good example of the type of income-oriented products we're trying to offer our clients. Slide 17 shows nonoperating expense of $21 million, which included $18 million of positive marks, primarily on our co-investments and private equity. On a full year basis, our marks were positive $26 million, and net interest expense for the quarter has been stable. The value of the investment portfolio was up about 10% this quarter, closed the year at about $1.2 billion or $1.1 billion when you exclude investments that represent hedges or which were hedged. The growth relative to prior quarter related primarily to the seeding of several new retail alternative products, all of them we think important opportunities for our clients.  And just to give you the examples, there was a Long/Short Credit Fund, a commodity fund and a Renminbi Bond Fund. As a reminder, we've got no proprietary investments. We invest alongside our clients. We see new product as required for the base business. Our investments are aligned with the interest of our clients. Really, when you think of our whole business model, our revenues and business are predicated on acting as fiduciaries on behalf of our clients, and we receive a fee for providing those services. So we're not a balance sheet company. In fact, when we look at our entire balance sheet, it is really small. We have less than $8 billion of economic tangible assets on the balance sheet. And when you look at where these are, it's cash of over $3 billion, $2 billion of receivables and $1 billion portfolio we just talked about. Moving to Slide 18. Our operating cash flow was about $2.7 billion last year, up about $100 million from 2010. And as I mentioned previously, we continued our share repurchase of 618,000 shares in the fourth quarter. Our full year payout ratio was 48%, and that included both our dividend and a core repurchase. When you include our repurchase of Bank of America's ownership stake, our payout ratio was 157%. We still have 3.6 million shares remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. We continue to believe that our cash flow generation allows us ample opportunity to reward shareholders consistently.  So to sum up, despite volatile markets, we delivered a healthy margin, generated substantial cash flow and returned a large amount of cash to shareholders. Looking ahead, we are extremely excited about the opportunities we have to work with our clients in 2012 and believe we are uniquely positioned to continue helping them navigate this challenging environment. We've entered the year more confident than ever in our business model and are intensely focused on executing the growth opportunities we see across our business.  With that, I'll turn it over to Larry who will discuss the market environment, what we're seeing with our clients and the ideas and products that can help them navigate the current markets.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Good morning, everyone. Thanks, Ann Marie. Happy new year to everyone. I'm going to have a little more exhaustive review of the world today, and I'll try to put that in the context of BlackRock, and try to describe from our vantage point what our clients are seeing and what type of questions they're asking us.  Let me just review really quickly 2011, which I think, by any course of the imagination, was a challenging market environment for a lot of people. We have the sovereign credit crisis in Europe, destabilization of the Middle East, continue economic uncertainty worldwide, renewed economic uncertainty in the emerging market area, a lot of tragedy in Japan with the tsunami and the earthquake, and the United States politically disappointing us in terms of the deficit ceilings and the persistent problems of unemployment in the United States, a persistent problem in housing in the United States and, by any long-term measure, muted growth.  Unfortunately for 2012, it's not going to get that much better economically, and yet, I'm quite bullish as I was in 2011 on the direction of the global equity markets. But 2012 will represent a continuation of volatility. We have a very important election in France. I don't think the market appreciates the importance of that election. From my vantage point, if Sarkozy does lose an election, it would move, obviously, France more to the left. And I don't -- I have a hard time understanding the union between France and Germany in that circumstance. And so I think we have more political uncertainty in Europe than we normally do, on top of all this economic uncertainty. We, obviously, in our country in the United States, we have another election, which is going to lead to a lot of political gridlock and greater uncertainty. We have leadership changes in the latter part of this year in China, which could lead to different policy changes. We have threats from Iran, continued unrest in the Middle East and continued sovereign debt crisis in Europe. We will persistently have a muted housing market. I still think it's going to have another 2 years to truly stabilize housing in America. We continue to have unsustainable level of deficits in this country and we continue to have muted growth.  So markets are going to be influenced a lot by these events, driven by government and politics. Yet at the same time, balance sheets are improving worldwide. Corporations in the United States, in many cases, in Europe have never been stronger. Cash balances have never been bigger, and the amount of de-risking that has been done worldwide leads me to have a -- despite all this uncertainty, a more positive overview. And one of the big challenges for all investors worldwide is to stop looking at the blogs, the immediacy of news and focus on long-term challenges and how to manage your long-term liabilities over those long-term challenges. This is not being done as much as they should be. This is why we've seen such a de-risking. But it is my belief for those investors who have the ability to overcome the challenges of the short-term news events and start focusing on their own internal challenges and their own internal liabilities and try to design portfolios and returns that will navigate higher returns over 5- and 10-year cycles. Those investors are going to be benefited much more than those who are continue focusing on the immediacy of the moment.  And so I believe, overall, we are going to have a positive trending market over the course of 2012, and yet, there's going to be a lot of volatility within that time. It is very -- it is not surprising to me watching how Europe has stabilized, at the same time, that you're the ECB do their own form of quantitative easing and they could do that through a 3-year term debt repo, which is giving a lot of purchasing power, not unlike what happened in the United States when our Federal Reserve did the quantitative easing. So you're starting to see aggressive auctions now in sovereign credits in Europe. Let's hope those continue. But this is as a result of the ECB actions. And I don't believe the ECB has been given enough credit for their actions. Mario Draghi also has one more major tool in his toolkit that our Federal Reserve does not have. A short-term rates in Europe were 1%, so there's a great opportunity, if necessary, to lower rates also in Europe to producing more steep yield curve, which will invent -- ultimately create better opportunities in buying longer-term credit. So I think we're going to have this mix and match going forward in 2012, but I have, like I did in 2011, a bias towards focusing on long-term investing. These challenges, though, really create real difficulties for a lot of our investors, and I'm pleased to say BlackRock is well positioned to work with our clients. And I'm not just talking about institutional clients. And I'm not talking about just U.S. clients, but global institutional clients. Our retail clients are all looking for advice. Most investors -- pension funds are looking for returns of 7-plus percent. Very hard to achieve that when you own bonds that are yielding 2%. And so the dialogues we need to have with our investors are very different than the dialogues we had 5 and 7 and 10 years ago when you had significant opportunities in yield and bonds to make those type of returns. Dialogues today require talking about many more aspects of investing today, and no firm in the world is as well positioned to have that more complete dialogue talking to our investors' challenges.  Earlier or late last year, we did have an institutional conference with our clients, and the theme of the client -- of the conference was investors are no longer have the ability to find low-hanging fruit, but they're going to have to spend more time in finding that high-hanging fruit. And I think that's going to be the theme for 2012. The other big issue, and no one else has this platform, clients have to spend more time focusing on their own specific solutions. And I -- the way we are positioned -- and I'm going to talk about some of the major theme for 2012, how we're positioning to help our clients into solutions, but I just need to also, as I do every time we talk about it, is the overlay of what our BlackRock Solutions risk management Aladdin platform allows us to do in navigating these types of solution-based conversations with our clients.  So if I had to just reflect on the fourth quarter, as we think about now going into 2012, the diversity of our business model has substantially dampened the impact of volatile markets. Ann Marie spoke about the growth of solutions, the beta products versus alpha products, and I'm going to go into more granular detail about the Defined Contribution about multi-asset strategies. But it's the diversity of products that is allowing us to have more complex conversation with clients, more stable earnings and a more powerful future, especially in this low-rate environment that I don't believe people truly understand the impact on many asset managers, the impact on our clients of this persistence low-rate environment.  So let me talk about our growth areas for 2012 in these uncertain markets that I just discussed. Also, I have to overlay not just this uncertain market as we enter 2012. We are going to have a persistent issue related to the aging populations worldwide and the need for better retirement solutions. It's interesting for me to watch the global dialogue of the U.S. and the Europe about deficits. And yet, there's such a small dialogue about retirement. It is my opinion the retirement crisis or the lack of monies necessary to meet our aging population and our -- and a population worldwide that's going to live longer, the biggest crisis is not just going to be a sovereign credit crisis, but the biggest crisis we're going to face in the coming years is a retirement crisis, the -- having the appropriateness of money to live the lifestyle that you're accustomed to during your retirement ages. This is not being discussed. This is a severe issue, and the persistence of low rate aggravates the problem much greater.  So with those ideas, I wanted to talk about where we believe, for BlackRock, are 5 key opportunities for making, obviously, our clients in a better position, but in doing so obviously, making BlackRock a better stock to own. Part one, we do believe very strongly as people start looking at risk budgeting, the use of indexing in ETFs becomes a larger component of your framework, and we are very much a part of that dialogue. Despite some negative flows in alpha products, which was industry-wide, we benefited as a firm because of our strong position in the beta products, both in the index funds and the ETF products. We believe this will carry on.  And when you think about risk budgeting, we believe -- and we just started seeing a trend. We're going to see more and more investors move out of active types of strategies and some -- in some, not all, fixed income strategies to go into more indexing. We believe they're going to see, as a result of it, more of a barbelling a lot of investors in fixed income and go into the high-yield area, maybe the bank loan area. There's great opportunities in other product like munis. They're obviously going to go into emerging market debt.  But in terms of treasuries and maybe mortgages, you're going to see a lot more need for -- in the risk budgeting component, indexation or ETFs. And then you're going to allow these institutions to start thinking about taking greater alpha risk in other product, whether it is high yield or any other types of yielding product. And it may mean a greater allocation, which really, the first time in many years, impacted the equities in the form of dividend stocks and other things like that. But our first position is indexing and ETFs.  Our second area of growth for 2012 and beyond, as we have been investing aggressively, as Ann Marie spoke about, and that is alternatives. Where we believe clients are going to use indexing or ETFs on one side of the barbell, and they're going to be more aggressive in terms of alternatives. We expect the alternative paydays to start coming out as we build -- are building more and more teams, and we will continue to build out more and more products and teams in the various alternative space. We are in the markets right now in a -- in many types of products, whether it's alternative energy, private equity and other forms of alternatives space. We are in the market of raising money right now.  But I will also say, we see great opportunities in many alpha products at BlackRock. We had outflows in our scientific active equity area last year, but our performance was great. The dialogue with our clients is beginning to have a turnaround, and we think we will see, by the end of 2012, inflows into this product. As I mentioned early before, we are continuing to have great dialogue about high yield. Emerging market debt, today we won a very important assignment today, about $350 million in emerging market debt fund. So we are starting to see clients start navigating and not just in alternatives, but in other types of, what I would call, higher alpha opportunity long-holding products.  We are seeing clients focus on model-driven fixed income. We are seeing clients saying, after a lot of negative noise earlier last year, the clients who entered the muni market last year had some of the great returns of anyone as we witnessed state and local governments navigating down their deficit issues and becoming a little more responsible. And the muni market responded very, very nicely on that. So we are seeing not just opportunities in the beta product, but in also the specialized alpha products, which leads me to our multi-asset strategy solution.  More and more clients are looking for more of a fiduciary relationship with firms like BlackRock. Other firms are participating very nicely in this. But clients are coming to us for a more -- they're looking for a more complete solutions. They're looking for a more complex, more comprehensive relationship with us, and most importantly, they're looking for a deeper dialogue. And in the fourth quarter, when I go over some of the highlights of some of the wins, this is an area that we're continuing to see growth. We're continuing to add more employees in this area and building a broader depth of people. The third area -- excuse me, the fourth area is retirement and income. As I said, I can't think of a more important area that we all have to focus on. This is not just a U.S. phenomenon. This is going to be a worldwide phenomenon. Aging population worldwide is creating much greater need for better retirement solutions. And I think at BlackRock, we are trying to navigate products into these solutions. We're showing up more and more of the Defined Contribution business, where we added $6.3 billion in the fourth quarter net new business or -- and we added $31 billion of net new assets in our DC business for the year, which represented, for us, about a 10% organic growth area in this area. And as I think I said in other quarterly report -- earnings, there's only less than a dozen firms that are in this area of defined contribution. And so we're seeing seismic changes in the asset management business. The Defined Contribution, movement out of defined benefit, and the Defined Contribution is a very good example of that. Obviously, the movement out of active into indexing is another good example. The utilization of ETFs is another good example.  So fifth area that we're focusing as the theme for 2012 is income. Investors worldwide have to rethink about income. In this low-rate, volatile environment, clients are looking for more products that can provide, obviously, less volatility in pure equities. But their -- but they can't afford to own bonds yielding 2%. And so they are looking for solutions that, as I discussed before, that may have high-yield elements to it. It may have preferred stock, preferred bond elements to it. And most importantly, it's going to be heavily oriented towards dividend stocks that have lower beta tracking than the normal equity markets. But once again, to have a dialogue with our client about these products, have -- showing how these types of products can have lowing track -- lower beta than the market but higher return than bonds, requires a comprehensive dialogue with our clients.  Let me just overlay all that, as I said earlier, which differentiates us in that BlackRock Solutions, which clearly had an exceptional year and quarter. The momentum into 2012 continues. As Ann Marie spoke about it, this was predominantly a U.S. business that is becoming a very global business for us. This year, we expanded, as I said, in Europe and Asia. We added 2 more Aladdin clients in Japan. We saw a huge increase in our advisory relationships and assignments in Europe to work with governments and financial institutions navigate their circumstances. And we reached now -- in terms of the Aladdin system utilization, we now have $10.2 trillion onto our risk analytic platform that we help clients in navigating risk. Our pipeline for Aladdin implementation has never been stronger. We are only weakened in that platform because of the utilization of people and time, and I believe 2012 will be even more robust for us than 2011.  Before I go into some specific details, I also have to just say, our #1 responsibility is producing returns. And that's true for tracking error in our beta products, where we exhibited some very weak tracking error in one of our products in 2010. We turned that around, and we had very positive flows in our emerging market ETF product. We have to have a very strong alpha, where I would say, in 2011, some of our products underperformed. Some of our products did very well. But overall, we did well. I am not happy with where we are. I wanted to be even better than well in terms of the alpha products. We know our clients are not just hiring us for advice. They're hiring us for performance, and every client and every employee understands that. In 2011, to build this momentum, we're continuing to invest in our people and our brand. Going into 2012, we are going to build our brand awareness worldwide, it'll be a major strategic effort for us. And as Ann Marie discussed as a statement of growth, we added close to 900 people worldwide as we continue to build out our platform.  One other thing I wanted to just talk about the returning of value to our shareholders. Obviously, 2011, we did quite a bit of that. It is my expectation that we are going to continue to use an enormous large free cash flow, combination of dividends, stock repurchases, and a little later, I'll talk about some possible M&A opportunities.  Let me go into the details of the different products really quickly and then we'll open up for questions, because I know a lot of you are going to jump off but then get on to the other institutions who had calls today.  Overall, in the ETF market, our iShares product really picked up momentum from, I would say, a slow start in the first quarter to a very strong finish. I am very pleased to say that our flows into 2012 continue to be quite aggressive where we already, year-to-date, and our ETF products have close to $4.4 billion in new flows into our products. For the year, last year, we had about $53 billion of flows, and it really picked up a lot of the momentum in the fourth quarter. I am pleased to say that we recaptured the #1 share in net flows in the United States, where, as I said earlier in the year, we really did not do as well as we expected. I think I said in our last third quarter report that I expected much more from our team and we are starting to see that. And we continue to have a large international dominance in our ETF platform worldwide.  We continue to try to build that dominance, as Ann Marie announced -- noted, that we did buy Claymore Securities, an ETF platform in Canada. And why that was important for us because we have a huge market in Canada right now, and we're very happy with our position in Canada. Our presence in Canada was predominantly institutional. Claymore has a very strong retail presence where we did not have that type of strong presence. They had some very strong products like the Canadian dollar gold fund, very simplistic products. And it's those simplistic products are the best, so I don't mean that in any negative way. I mean that in a very positive way. And so it really fit very nicely into our product mix and our client profile mix. And so we look forward to doing that. And I do believe, just as a footnote, there are going to be many more opportunities for us to fill in our ETF presence worldwide if these -- if and when other companies come up for sale.  On the retail side, I'm particularly pleased with our North American results in 2011, and I think we're in a very good position for 2012. As I discussed earlier, we picked up market share in U.S. retail. There were huge outflows in the U.S. mutual fund business at ETFs, and we had inflows. I unfortunately believe you're going to continue to see outflows in traditional mutual funds in the United States, as clients are trying to diversify and look for different products, but this trend is not going to be arrested any time soon in the industry. And I do believe BlackRock will continue to pick net market share. As I said over the last few years, this is a big priority for us to continue to build out our presence in the U.S. mutual fund business. When I spoke about one of our priorities in 2012, to continue to build our brand and put a big effort, we believe it's really important for us as we build out our presence in U.S. and international retail, that our brand presence has to be a much stronger result.  In international retail, however, we had outflows, like the industry, and it's a function of the massive de-risking that is going on in Europe. We're sitting here thinking about how difficult Europe is. Imagine if you're sitting there with your pension fund, sitting in some form of a long-term investment, many people have capitulated and frozen, and the whole industry have seen, most recently, outflows in the international retail. And most of this money just sitting in cash, and so it's not this -- it's not like this money is running away and permanently gone. It's -- people are looking for greater stability to get back into the marketplace. At the moment, though, I don't see a turnaround in any short period of time in international retail for an industry. It's -- it will continue to have, I want to call, mediocre flows until we see a more stability in the continent.  Institutionally, same idea. As we have all this uncertainty and the persistence of low rates, we're seeing more and more institutions de-risk, and they de-risk in the form of moving from active to passive. Fortunately, our business model allows us to take advantage of that, and I believe we are going to continue to take advantage of that. It is our hope, as we continue to build out our alternative products, we will continue to benefit from that, and we will see that. So in the fourth quarter, in our -- in institutional, we did have positive flows in our index products. And I must say, we are continuing to see clients seeking probably more passive strategies on the institutional side.  I do believe, like we've seen in many other years, this reminds me of the first quarter of '09 when we discussed to all of you at the end of what happened with '08, how clients capitulated, clients paused, clients looked for advice. And then starting the second and third quarter, we started to see clients doing much more active strategies. I do believe that will be the same process. And I can't tell you the types of conversations we have with our investors now in the first quarter are much more dynamic than we had last year, and clients are looking for the solution-based relationships.  So I'm very pleased about how we are being positioned, but I don't want to say that we are seeing a massive turnaround in that -- in behavior from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. But this is the time pension funds, retirement funds, endowments, insurance company ask themselves how are they going to position themselves in the future. They will be going to their respective boards and talking about strategies, risk budgeting, and that's where we're having a dialogue. And I believe we're playing a bigger role in helping our clients play that role. So I am looking here to be the -- I look to the same themes that we saw in '09 on the institutional side.  Let me just talk -- touch on a few things, and it's getting time for open up there for questions. As I said earlier, our Defined Contribution business continues to be strong with about $6 billion -- over $6 billion of inflows in the quarter. Our multi-asset strategy, once again, the solution-based stuff that I'm talking about, we have $3.2 billion of net new business, and clients are looking for more customized solutions.  One of the good creative products we created last year, and I think I mentioned it in the third quarter, and this is a product that we did a wrapper using annuity products in some of our glidepath products with Met Life. We launched this product in May, and we continue to generate strong inflows. This is something that we budgeted, about $1 billion product. We are now at $2.4 billion in size, of which $1.1 billion was raised in the fourth quarter alone. So when you're innovative, when you've designed products that fit the clients' needs, we see the benefits. In terms of alternatives, we had outflows in a product that was more currency and commodity based, and that -- we're going to see big inflows and outflows that was more currency-overlay type of product. And -- but we continue to have more dialogue that -- with more investors worldwide in our alternative products. Ann Marie talked about some of the performance stuff that we've ever had before. And we believe we're going to see real inflows in 2012 if we use 2011 as a year to really building these products.  In cash, we've seen -- in the fourth quarter, we saw inflows for the first time in, I think, 6 quarters, and we'll see where the cash management business goes in this low-rate environment. But the one thing I could say related to the cash management that's somewhat connected, that's in security lending. That produced some very good returns for us and our clients in 2012 (sic) [2011], especially in the fourth quarter. We're seeing more hedge funds looking to utilize stocks again, especially in the fourth quarter. And so if I could talk about cash management and sec lending, that was a very big pleasant surprise for us, and we continue to see utilization rates going up. And there is a -- despite how low rates are, there's a steep yield curve between 1-day and 90-day money. And so that's been helpful.  On the BlackRock Advisory business, where we are advising money for large clients, some are very well-known clients, we continue to be -- and I am pleased to say, we're continuing to liquidate these -- some of these portfolios, as our clients are achieving the objectives they needed to achieve in terms of giving us these advisory assignments as -- and now, they're starting to wind these down. So we're going to continue to see that side of our AUM going down. As you know, this is a -- just a very, very low fee basis. We were very pleased with the role that we have played in some of these large-scale public advisory assignments. And I do believe when there's a need for us to play those roles, we will be back playing those roles again.  Let me just touch on 2 other things, and that's the M&A environment. I have never seen a more asymmetric market, massive sellers in the asset management business. Obviously, the trends are very hostile for a lot of asset managers, and two, you're seeing, because of Basel III and capital needs, many institutions that are affiliated with financial institutions are -- that are looking to decouple their asset management businesses. As I said in the third quarter and I'll say it again, we are not looking at any large platform purchase at all worldwide. There's rumors that we are involved in some large-scale platforms. I will deny that now. We are not. But we are very active in looking at fill-in products. We see some very unique opportunities now, and we are very excited about the opportunities we will have in terms of fill-in products, either in product or a fill in, in country. And we are in the presence of some active dialogues right now, but they're not these large-scale platforms. We do not believe those will be fitting for BlackRock, and so I'll leave it at that related to M&A.  The regulatory environment will be upon us sometime this year. We still have -- this is very fluid. This will impact all of us in financial institutional land. It will have an impact on our clients. It will have an impact on BlackRock and other things. So we will see how all this plays out. We are very excited about the CFTC announcement and vote last week. This is a great example, whereby a regulator did the right thing for investors and assurance that we're going to have segregation of our collateral. So when people talk about regulation, some regulation is good for all of us. And I will be -- we will be very out-front in regulation, making sure that in the regulation, as it's being formulated, that it's good for our investors. And we will be vocal when it is. And so there are regulation that everyone should be proud of, that we are building a sounder, safer financial community. There is some regulation, though, I'm not going to get into that I'm worried about, that could have an impact on cost of doing business. And we will quietly discuss that with the regulators in how to minimize those costs to our clients.  Overall, I would say 2011 was a good year. I'm very, very bullish on our positioning for 2012. I don't believe we have ever been in a position to take advantage of our business platform, in dealing with clients, in navigating these troubled marketplaces to give us even a larger presence, a larger opportunity and, obviously, great growth opportunities for earnings for all of us, for all of our shareholders.  Let me open it for questions, and let me wish everyone a very healthy 2012.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I think the one thing you didn't really talk about much in your prepared remarks was the pipeline this quarter, which I think now for the second quarter in a row has declined. So hoping that you could give us a little bit more detail on the sales cycle and what else contributed to that. Obviously, there were some passive inflows this quarter. Maybe even touch a little bit upon what the mix is in terms of the business that you're seeing that could come online.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I did not purposely talk about the pipeline, not that I'm trying to hide it. I'm trying to deemphasize it. As our business becomes more and more -- with more and more flows in retail, when we talk about pipeline, it was -- A, it was only institutional. It was -- because we have no pipeline retail. It's -- and so we're trying to deemphasize how one thinks about it. Two, in the pipeline, there is a lot of noise related to indexing, which confuses people. And so we have -- we purposely did not discuss it. We are still seeing, as I said in my prepared remarks, a great deal of interest in index types of products. We are in more dialogue with more clients, as I said, institutionally right now for strategies, but there's nothing translating into a pipeline yet. But -- so the pipeline is about $50-odd billion, and then you have this one outflow that we telegraphed in the third quarter, which a client is insourcing a bunch of indexing product. But I don't think our pipeline, by the way, is any different in terms of the feel, in terms of the flows, ins and outs than it is any other times. It's just what we are witnessing now, the pipeline is a very noisy statistic. And so that's why I did not discuss it in my prepared remarks. But I don't -- but we are not seeing any real massive change in the flow or the style. But we're seeing it in the mix, as you suggested. We continue to see more interest temporarily in index-like products. I talked about the $4.5 billion of flows in our -- in iShares year-to-date. I talked about we just won a $350 million flow in emerging fixed income today. So we're seeing a large breadth of inflows. We've actually have a great pipeline in alternatives, but obviously, it's a sheer number, that's quite small. And so I don't think there's much tonality difference, Alex, than other quarters. It's just noisier because of the ins and outs of index business.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just real quick. One of the things that you highlighted for this year was the whole defined retirement opportunity. Now there's some regulatory changes coming up on the DC side. I know you're not a big DC player in terms of record keeping or anything like that, but are there opportunities for you to capitalize in that? Or do you think it's going to be a non-event that is really going to go...
Laurence Douglas Fink: We're not a record keeper. So we don't do that. We continue to pick up large -- I would say, we're benefiting from the consolidation of ETF -- excuse me, DC players. And related to the regulatory issues you discussed, because we're investment only, it's a big advantage for us. We're -- because we're investment only, because we are -- we only manufacture and we don't compete with our distribution partners, we have advantages of working with many distribution platforms, and that has allowed us to continue to have, what I would say, double-digit growth rates for DC, which we think we will continue to do this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies & Company.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess in terms of your capital, if you could maybe talk about what a targeted payout ratio between the dividends and buybacks, and then obviously, bucketing in the talk around the fill-in products or potential acquisitions.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I'm going to let Ann Marie talk about it for a second. But hey, let me just talk about dividend policy as I think about it. I don't -- I think a dividend policy should hover between 40% and 50% payout ratio. I've said this for the last few years. We are not changing that. Depending on what we see in M&A opportunities or what we design the relative ability to buy stock back, we will navigate in that range. But we will continue to be active in stock repurchases. We continue to have growing cash flow, and I will continue to say I hate having a large balance sheet. I do not want to ever -- we will never compete with our clients. And so the best thing for our investors is having a very active constructive process of using our free cash flow for dividend, for stock repurchase. And if we see unique opportunities on the M&A side, we will do it that way. I will not buy a company if I think stock repurchase is so much more superior. Obviously, we are a revenue-growth story. So we're going to look for opportunities, and hopefully, we can find opportunities in companies where it is revenue positive and accretive at the same time. And that's what we're going to continue to do. And so, Ann Marie, do you have any other commentary on this?
Ann Marie Petach: No, I think that's really covered it.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess the follow-up on, in terms of the headcount reductions that we're talking about for the fourth quarter, and then I think there's also some commentary about ongoing focus to lower cost regions. I mean, how should we think about that with regards to 2012 expenses and potential margins?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, we have nothing -- we're -- the downsizing was done last year with the purpose of making sure we go into 2012 straight on. We have nothing in the plans in terms of any types of headcount reduction, in terms of expenses. We are navigating our expenses very aggressively. We are -- we still have growth opportunities. We will still have some headcount growth in 2012. And one should assume, as I said in other quarters, is our intention, and this is subject to markets and opportunities, we want to have margins above 40%, but it's going to be a balance over -- versus all these other issues. And maybe off-line, Ann Marie could give you more color, or Patrick and team, in terms of how we look at that.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. I would just say, one important thing is we're going to always reallocate resources where we think they're most important for our clients and where we've got the greatest growth opportunities and, likewise, adjust our expenses on that. So part of 2012 was really positioning ourselves to take advantage of the right opportunities in 2012 for us and our clients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Larry, I'm sort of curious. I mean, you sort of talked about the low-rate backdrop and sort of the barbell on a couple of different businesses and sort of the trends overall, both U.S. and non-U.S. When you -- and you mentioned earlier about sort of the share erosion for U.S. to each of mutual fund companies. What do you think happens with the economics of the business? I mean, will there be a sort of a collective reaction, at some point in time, to try and stunt some of the growth in the ETF business? Or how do you sort of see the pricing element of the business?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Well, I would still say the majority -- 75% of ETF growth is not cannibalizing mutual funds. I still think most of it is cannibalizing stock purchases. It's still a very institutional product, where it, as I said, cannibalizes stock purchases. I think the biggest culprit of mutual fund outflows into -- in the U.S. was underperformance and just overall de-risking. So I'm not -- but there's no question, there's going to have to be some form of reckoning with the mutual fund industry if there's a persistent underperformance to really rebuild confidence with those managers. One should expect lower fees of some sort, because unquestionably, whether people believe me or not where ETF flows are being generated from, there is a perception that ETF flows are cannibalizing active equity management. And so the knee-jerk reaction for some people may be we're going to have to stop that and maybe you're going to see industry trend to lower fees. I will tell you, mutual fund boards are going to have to start asking those types of questions across all the different complexes.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. The second question is, and maybe you sort of talked about it in your comments about sort of dealing with the regulators behind the scenes. But you didn't really discuss the money market reform. Sort of curious where your thoughts are today, and what you think the most likely outcome will be for the industry given some of the dialogue between floating rate and NAV, capital buffers and redemption restrictions, if you will.
Laurence Douglas Fink: I think it's really fluid. We've had conversation with different regulators, and I don't think there's a consistent view from all the different regulators at the moment. But there is a consistent view that there must be some change. So I don't want to -- I think every regulator says we need to find ways to stabilize society from the risk of money market funds, and we can't have the same risks that we exhibited in 2008. How you implement, whether as you suggested variable NAV or capital or some form of restrictions, each, I would say there are biases by the different regulators. So I don't know where it's going to come out. We have been a strong advocate of having capital put aside for it. We believe we don't -- we believe no different than the Basel standards, whereby you have multi-years to build your capital standard. From our vantage point, the regulators should have allow managers to build capital associated with the money market fund business over many years, maybe reserving a component of the fees to build that capital buffer. I think it'll make the money market fund industry a stronger one. And so we have been, for 2, 3 years, a strong advocate of that. As you know, at this moment, FASB does not allow us to retain any of our fees for a capital buffer. So it is -- right now, under accounting standards, we can't do that. So we need changes in not only regulatory, but we need changes in accounting to get that done. And we have been fighting our -- this is one of the issues that I've always had with the accounting standard board related to why can't we have capital buffers. But we have not been permitted. So we'll see, Bill. I don't -- I really don't have a final view, but we are advocating for change.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Hopson with Stifel, Nicolaus.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So as you pointed out, the iShares market share stabilized in the fourth quarter, are you thinking that this is sustainable from here? And then in terms of seasonality, fourth quarter stronger, typically first quarter weaker, obviously, you're not necessarily seeing that. But any thoughts on that potential trend?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Our weakness in the latter part of 2010 and the early part of 2011 in terms of our flows in our North American ETF platform, a lot of it was self-inflicted, as I said. We had -- our largest outflow product was our emerging market ETF product. And we -- I think by the second quarter of last year, we stabilized it, and we actually have had very, very good positive tracking. And we saw $4 billion of positive inflows in that fund as a result of that. Once again, it validates our view that tracking is a very important component how people look at ETFs, and our experience of that really validated that. And so this is why we are so forceful in terms of making sure we perform in terms of what the indexes that we're going to perform as the index or in many cases, hopefully, outperform. But I do believe we will continue to have a strong position in the industry going forward. So I do like our position in the industry. I continue to believe we have great opportunities there, both in North America and in Europe. So whether it's sustainable, I would -- my bias would say yes. But it's a function of the whims of the marketplace. Clearly, if there's a view that everyone's going to be re-risking, you may see more flows in the QQQs or the -- or more flows into a S&P product. So you -- if you -- it really depends on where the market is. And if we are the strongest, most liquid product in those areas, a positive side about how we're positioned, we have more breadth than any other ETF player in the market. I would say one last thing that I should have said. I do believe, despite my views, I do -- we are still seeing great evidence that many people are putting more and more money into bond ETFs, and we are benefiting from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelly with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So Larry, you mentioned that you have strong dialogue in the alternative space. So just curious, which clients are -- you're having the most discussions with and how diverse the strategies are looking for and when you think that could actually start to take hold.
Laurence Douglas Fink: We're having, as I said, more dialogue than ever before. We actually have a lot of pipeline of small little wins. We've had a couple of number of wins so far this year. We are in some finals of some very large wins. We see, at the moment, interest globally, U.S. and Asia and Europe. So we are in -- I know of a number of big dialogues that we have internationally right now. We have had -- in one of our products that we're trying to wrap up a close, we have strong interest in Europe, and we are just trying to wind it up. So it's not concentrated in one region or in -- it's certainly not concentrated in one style of client.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just a little bit more color on multi-asset. So obviously, you have a big stake in that space rapidly growing. Are there any products that you're not currently offering or additional strategies that you think you can branch out into that would help you grow even faster in that space?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. I mean, look at -- we need to continue to build out our reputation in LDI, in fiduciary. These are the areas where you're seeing a lot of growth in the -- of the 2 product areas. Those are probably the 2 biggest growth areas, especially in Europe. Our view is we're going to see more fiduciary in the United States. That's one of our big bets. We've had 1 or 2 wins in the fiduciary business in the United States. We are having a lot of conversations, and we believe this is where there are going to be some changes. It's very expensive for a lot of small pension funds to run their pension funds. And so we are in lot of quite a bit of dialogue in the fiduciary. The other 2 areas that I would say that we -- in my mind, we have a strong presence, that's the Global Allocation products where we still have a strong position, and the area which interfaces not only in multi-strategy, multi-asset but also intersects with the Defined Contribution business, and that's the target date products that is -- that has really fueled to our growth and will continue to fuel our growth in 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just one follow-up on the pipeline. It seems like from a conversation standpoint, you guys have been pretty active. So when you look at the environment and then maybe any seasonality, is there anything unusual when you look at the level of the pipeline versus how active you feel, meaning in terms of the conversations with clients and like the momentum going forward?
Laurence Douglas Fink: I would say -- when we talk about the barbell, I would say, if one trend is you're seeing more barbelling, you're see more indexing and more conversations on alternatives. I think this is an industry trend, and that you're seeing that in the flows, whether it is flows with us or flows with every other asset manager. Lot of people are still de-risking despite -- no one listens to me -- or not no one, but I mean, I really do believe people should be taking on risk, and I've been saying this for months. But our pipeline by asset class is generally the same, but our alternatives, we're starting to get some momentum. A lot of it is just the investments we made in 2011 in terms of having our client team focusing more alternatives and building up the alternative manufacturing platform. But it does feel like more barbelling is going on, and so it is consistent with my themes that I discussed it. I'm very -- I wish more investors started focusing on long-term strategies, because I think some of the de-risking is -- could be, long term, very harmful for the institutions, if they're focusing on the next new cycle.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And then maybe just on the -- a little bit on the regulatory side. So you guys, I think, you have the trading platform coming up sometime maybe over the next couple of months or quarters. But just when you look at the regulation, you said there's some areas that you might be concerned about. Obviously, for, at least, on the broker side or the sell side, the Volcker Rule continues to be some uncertainty around that. When you guys look at it in terms of what you can offer on the trading platform versus how that ultimately gets implemented, are there scenarios where you're concerned in terms of liquidity in the fixed income markets, and how that can impact pricing in the markets for your investors?
Laurence Douglas Fink: We've been very noisy about the Volcker Rule. We think the Volcker Rule role is not just bad for the sell side. We think it's bad for all investors. As you suggested, it's going to reduce liquidity worldwide. And I mean, when I travel overseas, I hear more and more institutions complain about the possible impact in the Volcker Rule. Without getting into any detail, let me just be very clear. We are creating this trading platform, or hope to create this trading platform, because we're frightened of the Volcker Rule and the impact of liquidity and the impact of bid-ask spreads. We are doing this only for the betterment of our clients to reduce friction cost and trading cost in doing this. If we -- when we create this, this is not meant to be a -- we're not meant to be us becoming a broker-dealer and competing with Wall Street. It's meant for us to be a better fiduciary for our clients. My greatest hope, that we don't have to do this, that the bids, the liquidity in Wall Street is greater than ever before, the bid-ask spread is tighter than ever before, and I'm spending a lot of money for nothing. Obviously, I'm spending a lot of money because I'm more -- we're more frightened about the impact of this and the impact on all of -- all investors worldwide. And as a result of it, we're creating this as a mechanism, so we could offer a better solution to our investors who invest with us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just a question, maybe more for Ann Marie. But -- I guess one of the issues, unfortunately, some investors have with ETFs and betas kind of the growth -- the fee structure and maybe not giving as much focus on the higher margins there. Is there any way of getting a sense of, to the extent you guys have been very successful in improving your margins over the past year, is there any kind of analysis you've done or color you can give us on how much of that may be driven by this somewhat of a mix shift towards what may be lower fee but higher-margin products like index and ETFs or anything you can provide on that?
Ann Marie Petach: I would say it's been balanced, because we've had strong flows into all different types of indexed products, the lower fee, institutional as well as our good liquid ETFs that carry with them other benefits, liquidity and tax efficiency. So I think we don't try and digest it quite the way you've said, is it the mix of business benefiting the margin. Because we run the platform and the support to support the whole business, not just one segment. So I really feel like it's been margin improvement coming from the underlying way we're running the firm rather than the mix of business per se.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe one question for Larry. Obviously, a lot of regulatory uncertainty out there and just kind of any update you can provide on your thoughts or your -- based in your conversations with the treasury, about SIFI designation and if you think that's really not going to be much of an issue for -- not going to be an overhang for you or the latest thoughts on that?
Laurence Douglas Fink: My latest thoughts, I know nothing more today than I did 4 months ago. I don't believe -- I think the regulators asked for a comment -- ask to comments related to asset managers and SIFI designation. I think that was delayed, if I'm correct, in terms of submitting our letter. I don't believe regulators have come to terms as to how they should think about asset managers for SIFI designation, and so I don't think there has been much movement towards that. And so we are equating to work and have a dialogue with our regulators about how they should think about all asset managers, or specifically, BlackRock, should be included or not included in the definition of SIFI regulation. So without digging myself into a deep hole, I'm going to conclude it with that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No, I think I said it all. Thank you for everyone for your time. I know it's a busy time. And thanks to all of BlackRock employees for working really hard and enduring difficult markets but coming through this quite successfully. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Peter Connolly - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Laurence Douglas Fink - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Senior Member of Operating Committee, Senior Member of Leadership Committee and Chairman of Executive Committee Ann Marie Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Cynthia Mayer - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Peter Connolly: Good morning, everyone. Before Larry, Ann Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.
Ann Marie Petach: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report that really despite an adverse and volatile market in recent months, BlackRock delivered strong results in the quarter. It's a confusing environment out there. Clients, more than ever, are looking for advice and solutions in the face of uncertainty, and BlackRock's diverse mix of business leaves us well-positioned to meet their needs. BlackRock was able to provide pooled end products that were especially important to investors in this environment.  We experienced large index flows in both our institutional ETF products, though liquidity of these products allowed clients to react rapidly to the environment and more efficiently move into or out of asset classes. We generated inflows into multi-asset class products across each of our channels. BlackRock is uniquely suited to meet the growing demand for these products.  We also saw clients getting into income-oriented products in the face of the sustained low interest rate environment. Of course, we're not immune to the effects of negative markets on AUM, flows, revenues. And while revenue was down from the second quarter, the diversity of our product set and clients allowed us to lessen the impact of the negative flow environment, such that our flows were relatively flat in the quarter.  The nature of our cost space meant we were able to maintain strong margins as we balance beta-driven revenue effects with expense management. In combination, this resulted in cash flow generation of $1.7 billion year-to-date and allowed us to return a large amount of cash to shareholders. Larry is going to be talking a lot more about the environment, the flows we're seeing across our business and what we believe it means for our clients and for BlackRock. But first, I'm just going to focus on the results themselves. As I said, it's a good story. And these, for me, key takeaway is that our performance in the face of really tough global headwinds illustrates the strength of BlackRock's business model: our diversified global platform, our broad mix of product and client capability. Now I'm going to be referring to the slides in the earnings supplement. You can find those on the website. And as I go through results, I'll be discussing primarily as adjusted results. We're going to start us out on Slide 1. You can see on Slide 1, on the right-hand side, our operating results of $849 million. These were up 15% year-over-year, and that's driven both by revenue growth and margin improvement. Third quarter EPS, which you can see on the right-hand side, came in at $2.83. Moving on to, again, the strong margin story, which you can see on Slide 2, our operating margin came in at 41 -- 40.1% in the quarter. That showed improvement of over 1.5 points compared to the third quarter 2010. More importantly, as margin can vary a bit from quarter-to-quarter, our year-to-date margin of 39.6% also showed improvement compared to full-year 2010. And in the face of the lower revenue environment, our comped revenue ratio was 34.2%, which is exactly consistent with the first and second quarters and is really well within the long-term range we've been running of about 35%. We believe this highlights our financial discipline and the variable nature of our expense base. Just pausing for a second on the environment and looking at Slide 3, you can see that S&P declined, everyone knows there's 14% in the third quarter. But when you take a look at average markets compared to average markets in the second quarter, the decline was 7%. World markets fared even worse, driven by the European uncertainties. While recent volatility on market declines are affecting AUM investor sentiment, average markets in the third quarter were still 12% better than a year ago.  And then we'll walk through a comparison of the results of this year compared to last year, and then I'll move on to sequential results. So I'm going to move ahead to Slide 5. And on Slide 5, you can see that operating EPS was up $0.51 year-over-year, and that's the green bar on the page. The growth in operating EPS reflected the 15% or $112 million growth in operating income that I mentioned earlier. The EPS in the quarter also benefited $0.16 from our June share repurchase. Earnings per share, which you can see on the right-hand side of $2.83, included 3/12 of operating earnings in the dark blue, offset by $0.29 of non-operating expense.  Our third quarter as adjusted tax rate was 32.3%. The GAAP tax rate was 13.7%. The GAAP tax rate reflected changes in the value of our deferred tax liability, and those changes resulted from both U.K. tax legislative change and a U.S. state tax selection. These benefits, totaling $129 million, were noncash. We excluded them from as adjusted results. I'm going to move ahead to revenues, which you can see on Slide 7. In the third quarter, we generated revenues of $2.2 billion. That's up 6% from 2010, primarily driven by a 9% growth in base fees, which is the large green bar on the slide, and helped by a 16% growth in BRS revenue. But before I get into base fees, it's really worth noting the benefits for our business model of our diverse revenue sources.  This quarter, we generated $276 million of revenue or 12% of our total revenues from sources other than base fees. And sources other than base fees are also contributing meaningfully to our improvements in revenue. So if you take a look at year-to-date revenue increases compared to 2010, we've improved $33 million in BRS, $47 million in SEC lending, which is a part of base fees, and $10 million in performance fees. And while I just mentioned that year-to-date were up in performance fees, during the third quarter, performance fees came in $91 million, which were actually down $23 million compared to a year ago.  Our performance fees in the quarter included $51 million of fees related to alternative products and $40 million on long-dated products, primarily based on relative performance. A majority of our performance fee eligible active equity products generated healthy performance over the measurement period. So as a result of that, performance fees generated based on relative performance were actually better than a year ago. At the same time, recent market turmoil negatively affected the level of fees generated on our absolute return product, with several of our large hedge funds now below high water marks. We do expect this to affect negatively the level of fourth quarter performance fees compared to a year ago. And then just BlackRock Solutions and advisory revenues came in at the quarter at $117 million. That included continued growth in our core Latin [ph] business, as clients are seeking tools to manage risks in the face of this crazy, uncertain environment. The growth in BRS revenues this year has come almost exclusively from ongoing core assignments, which will continue to benefit the revenue base in 2012 and beyond. So now moving on to base fees, which came in at $1.9 billion and with a key driver to revenue increases, up 9% from 2010 and laid out for you on Slide 8. We had revenue growth in all long-dated asset classes. This was offset partially by the revenue effect of the exodus from low-yielding cash products over the past year. The diversity of long-dated offerings across active and passive products, serving multiple client types, is one of our core strengths that has been key to the revenue growth. And you can really see that across all the green bars on the bottom left of Page 8. Moving on to expenses on Slide 9, third quarter as adjusted expenses were $1.4 billion, up only 2% from 2010. And remember, to put that back into perspective of the 9% growth in base fees we just talked about. And so that disproportionate level of increases what's really contributing to the margin expansion. As I mentioned in the last call, BlackRock entered into a lease to bring new office space in the City of London. Last week, Larry was in the London office, commemorating the opening. The office brings into a single location all of our London employees and really enhances our ability to work together and serve our clients. We're already seeing the benefits of being in a single space. As a result of the move to this new office, we reported a $63 million onetime charge related to the acceleration of the remaining lease obligations on our prior London spaces. We have excluded this charge from as adjusted results. The charge was below the range I had mentioned on the last call of $75 million to $100 million, and that was primarily due to the opportunity to sublease a portion of this space. Now I'm going to move on to sequential results, and there's 3 primary factors I'd like to focus on as we get into sequential: market effects on base fees, lower expenses and the market effects on our co-investment.  So within your slides, I'm going to move ahead to Slide 11. Our operating EPS this quarter improved $0.03 from the second quarter. Non-operating expense increased $0.20. Increase in non-operating expense reflected market-driven, noncash marks of our co-investment. I'll discuss that more in a minute. I'll also point out that our share repurchase in June resulted in $0.10 incremental benefit to EPS compared to the second quarter.  On Slide 12, you can see that in the face of revenue decreases of $122 million, we reduced expenses by $88 million. And looking at Slide 13, you can see that base fees decreased compared to the prior quarter by about $150 million, where the key driver to the revenue decreased. About 1/3 of that decrease in base fees is related to SEC lending, which is seasonally strong in the second quarter, and the remaining related primarily to the effect of unfavorable markets on equity AUM, which you can see on Slide 14, the bigger red bars are all about the markets effects on equity.  So moving ahead to Slide 15, and at the same time, expenses decreased $88 million. And that's related primarily to the effects of lower AUM and revenue on compensation, on distribution and servicing and on direct fund expense. Management action led to lower G&A expense, and that primarily was lower marketing in a sense. So moving ahead now to Slide 17. Non-operating expense for the quarter came in $79 million. That included $42 million of negative marks. Those were primarily on our co-investments in distressed credit. Spreads on those products whined[ph] significantly during the quarter. It's worth noting that despite recent market declines, year-to-date market marks on the investment portfolio are still positive $11 million. Net interest expense in the quarter was $37 million. The value of our investment portfolio was stable at about $1 billion or $930 million when you exclude hedges or items which are hedged.  We see the 2 new retail products this quarter, which offset the effect of lower markets on the value of the portfolio. Those 2 new products are for retail investors, one is hedge fund of fund in the U.S. and the other is a European absolute bond return fund in Europe. We believe these are both great opportunities that are strategically important for our retail clients. And I always like to remind everyone that we do not have any proprietary investments. Our business model is to act as fiduciaries and to manage assets on behalf of our clients. We're not in business to make money from our balance sheet, and our investments on the balance sheet are extremely small. The relative amount of investments we have are just alongside clients who are seeding new products. But when we think of the size of what we do for our clients of over $3 trillion, again, there's less than $1 billion sitting there that we are invested in. Moving on to Slide 18, I'd like to end by discussing our free cash flow. I started out mentioning that in the beginning, we continue to generate substantial cash flow, about $1 billion this quarter. You can see on the slide, $1.7 billion year-to-date. That's up about $300 million from what we have produced year-to-date last year. And including on the left-hand side of the slide, you can see that including our recent repurchase of Bank of America's remaining stake, our payout is 150%, including a 43% dividend payout.  So, really, despite declining and volatile markets, we delivered a healthy margin, we generated substantial cash flow and we've returned a large amount of cash to shareholders. Overtime, our intention is to continue to return a meaningful amount of cash to shareholders, while also reinvesting for future growth. We are more confident than ever in our business model and our growth opportunities. Our broad-based, diversified platform allows us to respond to client needs, especially in this uncertain, challenging environment.  So with that, I'd like to turn it over to Larry, who's going to discuss the market environment and what we're seeing with our clients.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Thanks, Ann Marie. Welcome, everybody. I'm sitting here at The Plaza Hotel in New York City. We are, at this time, having a conference with over 250 of our clients. Our clients are confused. Our clients are really asking quite a bit of questions right now. This is a 2-day affair, and it's going quite well. But it's obviously very clear to all of us that the global markets have been very challenging, and it's producing some real stress with many of our clients.  You're witnessing a record low yield, which changes the value of their liabilities. We are seeing declining equity markets and their gap between their assets and liability. In some cases, may be irretrievable, they may not be able to ever achieve their objectives.  In most cases, I think that investors will do that, and they'll find ways to make it. But they're looking for solutions. It's going to be solutions that are heavily based on advice by BlackRock, and I do believe we are probably the best positioned to provide that advice because we are agnostic-related to our clients if they are looking for passive strategies, alongside alpha strategies, global strategies, domestic strategies with an overlay of risk management. There's no firm in the world that could provide that, and the information content that we're able to provide because of our footprint has been very helpful to our clients. So as we reflect on the third quarter, as we help our clients digest all this, the third quarter was obviously very challenging. It's exasperated by governmental policies worldwide, not just here in the United States. Politics and government are playing a major role in market performance and market volatility. Long-term investing have become more difficult as a result of this.  When government focus on short-termism, when government focuses on blogs, when government is not focusing on how to best prepare an economy over a long cycle, it becomes really difficult for investors to focus on long-term investing, too. And this is one of the greatest issues that we are trying to confront with our clients. How do you manage these short-term issues, the extreme volatility, this enormous uncertainty but focus on long-term investing? This is not an easy answer because some clients, who may have 10-, 15-, 20-year liabilities, they may be judged by their shareholders or by their Board or by their pension fund committee by quarterly results. They may be judged by annual VAR if you are an insurance company, and that's how your regulators look at you.  And so there's an incredible mismatch, and it's at, in my mind, severe preportions right now how accounting is forcing unbelievable short-termism. So we have the problems of accounting and governmental policy that, in my mind, is causing this great disruption in our pension funds and great disruptions in our marketplace, as fewer and fewer people are able to cope with the long-termism. So with governments not focusing on our long term and with governments, in many cases, just doing the wrong thing, we have many clients worldwide who are confused, frozen and looking for answers. But the markets are testing governments, and that we see that -- we saw that all throughout the third quarter, other [ph] market has tested the European situation continually. It's the incrementalism of the Europeans that really have tested the market, and the markets have resoundingly been pretty negative with this incrementalism of trying to fix the problems in Europe. Hopefully, this weekend, we will see something more than short-termism, hopefully more than incrementalism but a grand solution.  A good example of what I would call government's failure is the European stress test, where just 10 weeks ago, the governments indicated in their stress test results that a bank like Dexia, a client of BlackRock's, has capital of 10%. They're on capital at 10%, only to have that bank nationalized a few weeks ago. And it's that sort of information and problems is really unsettling to the marketplace. I don't need to tell you that, but to me, this is just a glaring example of how government has really unsettled the marketplace. We just can't understand how they could have an institution that's cited in the top 10 most capitalized banks in Europe, then weeks later, nationalize it. It just doesn't feel right, and as a result, people are de-risking. And if you look at our flows, the most amount of de-risking and flows that we've seen in our high-fee business has been in our European mutual funds, which I'll talk about, where we saw the greatest amount of outflows because of fear in Europe, because of things like that have been the most severe. So worldwide, clients are de-risking. But I need to remind clients and I need to tell everyone, this is not 2008 and 2009. This is a confidence crisis, not a liquidity crisis. There's trillions and trillions of dollars sitting in the sideline, as we know, that's why we have such low rates. And if we can have a sensible, longer-term view beyond the next blog, we can have a sensible long-term positioning in fixing these problems, these structural problems in Europe. And our budget deficit and growth issues and job issues of the United States, I do believe investors would rush right back into the marketplaces, and we would have a very strong markets, which would then, in my mind, would propel the economy to higher growth rates. During the third quarter, we had substantial declines in the global equity markets, as Ann Marie discussed. S&P was down 14%. The European blue-chip index, the stocks was down 23%. The MSCI emerging market index was down 23%. The Hang Seng was down 21%. So if you think about that, investors who diversify their portfolio, thinking that was the right thing, it produced even worse returns, than those who stayed totally in the United States.  As a result of market instability and this lack of confidence, clients worldwide have de-risked. They are delaying investment decisions, and that is what drove the negative flows across the industry and across the globe. Clients are now asking questions about how should they be reviewing their liabilities in light of these large declines, and we expect renewed activity very shortly. And -- but we're not going to have what I would call normalized flows until we have -- our clients have better understanding of their liabilities, and that will then determine how they then manage their assets and their duration.  Let me talk about BlackRock. Ann Marie really did a great job in talking about our earnings and the texture of our earnings. As a report noted that we did have negative flows, much of it was related to -- totally unrelated to our merger. We don't have any merger-related outflows. One, in our pipeline, a significant change was related to a client who in-sourced $30-odd billion of index business, basically. And so -- but what I think the quarter really showed, and which really gave the leadership team of BlackRock great encouragement is our business model has proven to be an incredible differentiator. We have growth businesses that we have not seen in a long time. The diversity of our business model has really produced what I would call very good revenue flows and, importantly, a very good operating income ratios.  So in these periods of uncertainty and volatility, we are really well-positioned today to serve our clients. And I think this is one of the great feelings we have yesterday and today with our clients here, and we're seeing that repeatedly worldwide, as we are working with more and more clients related to what we can bring to them. And we are seeing, as the information showed in our third quarter, we're seeing a huge increase in request for BlackRock Solutions products, as clients are trying to truly understand how to navigate their risk on a global basis.  But what impressed me related to our quarter, and what we're really pleased with is that diversified business model. We had growth in BlackRock Solutions, a growth in SEC lending, in transition management, which is becoming a bigger business as clients are trying to reassert how they should position their portfolio. There's much more transitioning being done. And our BlackRock multi-asset class strategies, where clients are looking for much more comprehensive solution-based assignments. And so this is what's driving this 9% year-over-year increase in base fees. Even with these really difficult market headwinds, we saw continued organic growth across global iShares. We saw actually growth at our U.S. retail channel. We had growth in our defined contribution channel and, as I said, in our multi-asset class offerings. In multi-class offerings, we had over $3 billion of inflows across almost every channel. We are expanding the product range now into our retail products, not just institutional products. And they came across in almost every category, from alternatives, equities, fixed income. And clients are increasingly looking for strategies that rely on indexing or ETF products, as bar belling and multi-asset class strategies are what clients are looking for. And as I said earlier, no firm has that product mix. No one has the research in terms of how we can best position our clients for these complex, multi-asset class strategies. So the other thing about the third quarter, we needed to make sure -- we needed to find ways of continuing the growth, as we see some great growth opportunities. But we needed to make sure that we are pretty disciplined. As we did in terms of the market setbacks of '08 and '09, we were very disciplined and ahead of the curve in terms of what we had to do. We remain to be very vigilant in terms of making sure where we spend our money, we spent it well. The areas that we continue to invest, even with our margins above 40%, we were investing in our retirement solutions, we invested more in alternatives, we invested more in ETFs and currently [ph] , we have been able to invest in some very high-caliber professionals, who will help fuel our future growth. A good example is Mark McCombe, who is the new Head of Asia PAC, who will be joining us at the end of the fourth quarter.  Another great example of our investing to making it our better platform, as Ann Marie discussed, our opening of our London new office. Since our merger, we were operating in 2 different offices, and we did move people around. But it was certainly not the best of circumstances to really grow one BlackRock. Everybody is in one common building today in London, and now our London office happens to be our largest city location in the world, bigger than our corporate headquarters in New York. And so things like this are, obviously, a cost, but we expect these costs will really generate more continuity, hopefully better performance as our portfolio managers are all together, but importantly, a better dialogue amongst our teams, which will produce better dialogues with our clients, that which would produce more opportunities for our business.  As Ann Marie suggested, we continue to generate a lot of cash flow, $1.8 billion year-to-date. We have a long history of returning capital to our shareholders, and this year, we already increased our dividends. I need to remind everybody at 37.5%, we've repurchased $2.5 billion of shares as recently as June. And I could tell everyone today, we will continue to take appropriate steps to be well-positioned to capture opportunities. I am here to tell you, I don't know many opportunities at this moment, so I'm not here to suggest and I'm not trying to forewarn that I know of anything going on. But we will be well-positioned if there are opportunities to do things and, obviously, when it is not until the first quarter of the new year where the Board of Directors would look at our dividend policy.  So let me go over some of the businesses in the texture of the industry and in BlackRock. Let me start off with retail. Our U.S. retail business had positive flows, which was unusual in our business. And while Europe and Asia saw de-risking, for a reference point, U.S. mutual funds, x ETS had $48 billion as an industry in outflows in the third quarter. BlackRock had $1.8 billion of inflows globally, but we had long-term flows of $3.5 billion. Our U.S. retail saw positive long-term flows in the third quarter of about $2.6 billion, really concentrating at some of our unique products: Global Allocation, our equity dividend, our high-yield funds. And this is where we actually believe more and more growth will go.  We're seeing more and more people questioning core fixed income, where fixed income is only producing 2-ish-plus percent returns, and what is the future of rates going forward. So clients are asking for solutions, whether that might be in more high-yield solutions. There could be in other types of credit solutions, dividends as a solution preferreds, and these are some of the things that we're trying to really position BlackRock to handle our clients' needs. Cross-border or the European flows as an industry had $28 billion of outflows, and we had, as a firm, about $6 billion of outflows. And as I said, that's where the great de-risking was worldwide and especially in the mutual funds arena. Despite the $6 billion of outflows, we actually picked up market share, though. So we lost less than the industry as a whole. So the third quarter, despite all this noise, has told me we are picking up market share. We continue to position ourselves, and we're continuing to be innovative in terms of creating products that our clients need in this new paradigm. Let me talk about global iShares. We had, in the quarter, $10.8 billion of net new business. We had really positive flows in Europe, end flows in the U.S. As an industry, we saw about $28 billion of flows as an industry. But I should give a little more texture. Flows are significantly in July, and the industry did see significant slowdown in flows in August and September, as you're seeing that capitulation and that uncertainty even in the iShares product. In EMEA, we had $10.8 billion of global flows -- I'm sorry, in total. But EMEA was $6.5 billion of flows. Investors are looking for safety in the region, particularly in Germany. And importantly, we are as well-positioned in Europe as we ever have been in our ETF space. There is great amount of consternation and confusion in Europe related to ETNs or exchange traded notes, which are derivative-based products. There are some regulatory review of these types of products. There are many platforms, distribution platforms, that are now forbidding these sales of ETNs. And as the largest provider of ETFs in Europe, we have been a huge beneficiary. I don't expect these market shares to persist, but in the third quarter, we picked up 80% of the net new business in Europe in the third quarter.  We do believe, though, in the United States, in Europe, we are going to see substantial regulatory review of these products. We have been very assertive in our statements that clients need to understand what they're buying. There needs to be greater transparency. There's a big difference between a physical ETF and a derivative-based ETN. And derivative-based ETN, you have credit exposure with that issuer. Some of these issues may be very fine credits, but the disclosure of what you're buying, what is the underlying product, is pretty opaque. And we are suggesting to the SEC and to other regulators, as they think about ETFs in the future, that we have much greater transparency, much greater clarity in terms of the product.  We have always been pretty rigorous in terms of making sure that clients understand that ETFs should be physically-based. Obviously, in some cases, they're going to have some hedges or some derivative based around it, but we need to have -- even some of our products that we already have, 80% physical and some derivative base that we need to have much more clarity. So there's no -- as ETFs have grown, no different than we saw in the mortgage market in the '80s and then in the '90s and then in this decade, a simple product morphed into something that was very complex, and risks were contained in these products that maybe investors did not know. That was the failure of the mortgage market. As one of the founders of the mortgage market in the '70s, '80s and watching the failure of disclosure in that market occur, we need to be very assertive as a firm and outspoken that we will not allow at BlackRock the lack of disclosure on these products. We believe these products can have a huge future, and we need to be a lot more assertive in making sure that risk and complexity is understood by all investors.  So we are trying to bring down the risk of ETFs. There is great amount of noise about it. There's a hearing today in Washington about ETFs, and we are trying to take a very large position in terms of making sure these products grow, this industry grows, and I would love for some of my peers to be as assertive as BlackRock in making sure we have a great industry and a great product going forward. In the Americas, we had $4.6 billion of inflows. We saw investors shift to fixed income in the U.S., offset by some outflows and equity ETFs. We're not happy with our U.S. results, and we are addressing it. We put in place a new global leadership team under Mark Wiedman, stepping up as the Global Head of iShares in September, and this is consistent with the steps we took to address the performance problems we had in SAE or scientific active equity, which is now paying off, which is actually one of our highest performing products this year as we reinvested in that product because we believed in it. Obviously, we are building a bigger, finer, great team. We're adding more teams to our ETF platform, and we believe with Mark's and all our great leaders of our ETF platform, we will once again reassert our market share in the United States. We continue to innovate in the ETF platform. We launched a few commodity and fixed income products in Europe. A tactical allocation ETF product is garnering a lot of attention. We believe more and more tactical allocation products are going to become larger and larger, as we witnessed from our Global Allocation mutual fund as one of the fastest-growing mutual funds. Institutional, the picture is mixed. We saw clients de-risking, while others took advantage of the steep market declines, and we're forced to rebalance. It really depends on some of our clients' needs. If a client did an LDI in 2003, and they're sitting with 6% long-dated bonds, they were less stressed than those companies that were under invested in fixed income in terms of having their core interest rate that they are looking for. And now, with the reduction in interest rates, they're sitting with some big gaps in terms of their income needs.  Total long-dated outflows for BlackRock was $17 billion, driven by a single outflow in a passive fixed income strategy for a particularly planned liquidity needs. It had a de minimis revenue impact for us. And we continue to see modest outflows in our SAE, but we are -- we have enormous amount of dialogue now. And we believe, because of the performance over the last year and our investment in our SAE teams, we're going to start seeing new inflows. Quite frankly, many of our peers got out of this business, and we're one of the few organizations that have stayed into it, reinvested in it. And as I said, we stabilized it, we are seeing still some modest outflows. But the conversations we're having now with clients gives me a good feeling about the future in terms of the inflows there. As I said earlier, our institutional clients are really struggling with the low interest rate environment and the declines in the equity markets. So we are seeing very unusual behavior by our clients. Clients are looking for help, and that's what we're trying to do.  Our performance, as I said earlier, in quant and multi-asset products was strong, and I'm very encouraged by our equity performance in its' positions well for the future. As I said earlier, low interest rates is going to have, most probably, some structural changes in fixed income in the next few years as an industry. It's very hard to see how interest rates going to continue to go lower to produce more than the 2.5% returns that we see -- as we see in the market today. And so what we expect clients to start relooking at within fixed income, this is a lot of trim business because they're going to go moving from maybe core types of fixed income strategies to credit strategies, they're going to go into a go-anywhere strategy in fixed income. Some of them may go into preferreds and other type securities. We expect out of the European situation, we hope to see a large amount of preferreds being issued by banks as a means to recapitalize, and although at this moment preferred to not consider Tier 1 capital in Europe. Hopefully, that will change as banks are trying to lobby their regulators as they are going through their stress tests again, as they're trying to achieve a 9% Tier 1 capital charge. At these low equity rates, it would be very powerful if the regulators would allow preferreds to be Tier 1, perpetual preferreds, I must say, not perpetual preferreds to be Tier 1. I believe there will be billions and billions and billions of dollars of interest in the world for that as bond investors need coupon or, in this case, dividends.  The pipeline was confusing. We had this big outflow that Ann Marie talked about. I mentioned it earlier, where a client -- a very large client of ours is internalizing a $30-plus billion mandate. They're doing it for cost containment, and so this is something that will probably happen mid next year. But we are giving you an advanced word. So this is not going to happen any -- in this quarter, may not even happen in the first quarter, but we've been told this will happen sometime mid next year. But despite that, we've seen some very good flows, and what I'm also personally excited about, that we are seeing good flows in what I would call long-dated products, higher fee-paying products. We are continuing to see some real opportunities in our alternative space. We did have outflows in our currency type of products, and that's related to the big swings in dollar or in euro. But we did have to offset that. $1 billion inflows of our commodity products would totally offset these currency types of outflows that we saw in the third quarter.  BlackRock Solutions. I just can't say enough of how this is helping us in the positioning in the new paradigm. During the quarter, we were hired by the National Bank of Greece, so we're inside working with the regulators of Europe and Greece to try to help them understand and ascertain the situation there. This is a similar assignment that we won in Ireland earlier in the year. We are working with more European banks than we've ever done in our platform. We have more opportunities in the Middle East, more opportunities in Asia than we've ever had before.  In the quarter, as we noted, we have 13 new assignments. These are offsetting a lot of the 1 type of assignments that we had. This is totally offsetting the consistent reduction in our outstanding of advisory business as some of our clients are bringing down some of their troubled assets. And so this has been an extraordinary year so far for us. And more importantly, we are starting to see much more stickier revenues in our solution business, as we are winning more and more Aladdin-like assignments. We continue to have dialogue with a few substantial Aladdin assignments. And the last thing I would say about Aladdin, we did -- we are implementing our first Aladdin assignment that is not just fixed income, but it is now equity and fixed income. This what we believe will become a cornerstone of our growth as our equity modules are as industry first-class as our fixed income modules in our risk management.  And lastly, as I said earlier, we continue to invest in our platform. I mentioned hiring Mark McCombes in Asia, but we hired Mark Taborsky in our BlackRock multi-asset class strategy. And we are very excited about the individuals that we are seeing who are looking to join our firm. We have never enjoyed such a position in which we could hire industry leaders to help us build this platform. This is across region and across product. So, in summary, I know I've been talking a long time, we are really uniquely positioned for this environment, I think better positioned than any organization that I know of in the industry. With the persistence of volatility in our marketplaces, with low interest rates, a low growth environment, all our investors are reevaluating their investment strategies and asset allocation decisions. We hope we're in that position to help our clients. That is our #1 job. Our job has to be an ally. We have to be there working alongside with our clients. We have a challenging world of demands, a better and a more robust range of solutions. We have higher demands that we provide value-added advice, better risk management tools. And so the demands on our time are growing. And that's why we have to continue to invest.  So, in summary, we're pretty well-positioned here. I just -- I would like to thank all the employees for working with our clients, helping our clients and producing the results that we did in the third quarter.  I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So, obviously, a brutal quarter for the markets, and I can understand the outflows. Now the markets have bounced here in October so far. Have the clients settled down, as you said? Has the outflows calmed down? Or is that just an ongoing process that takes a few quarters to run through?
Laurence Douglas Fink: It really depends on the situation. In some of our inflows and some of our pipeline, we had a very large international client that actually, in spring, took $12 billion out of the marketplace, and most recently added, I think -- I know $2.6 billion is in our pipeline. But they're starting to reinvest back into the marketplace. And so we are seeing -- we had another big fund that did the same thing in spring, that put $5 billion. That's in our number. So it really depends on the client, so as more of the international ones. But I would say, the pension funds, the insurance companies, I don't think they're paying attention to the 1-week, 2-week market movement there. They're going to committees right now. They're asking us to help. We actually have a lot of presentations with our institutional clients for the next month or so to try to help them come up with a strategy, working alongside their consultants. So it really depends on the situation. As I said, if some of those clients who really got out of the marketplace in spring or late spring, early summer, we are seeing those clients coming right back in right now. So it really depends on the situation.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got you. And then maybe I want to get your thoughts on Volcker. I know it's a long process ahead of us, but, in general, the way I see it is most of the implications actually have a direct impact on you and your clients just by potentially removing liquidity from the system and increasing the cost for euro interact on behalf of your clients. I'm just curious on: a, if you agree with that; and b, how BlackRock responds to the regulators.
Laurence Douglas Fink: Oh, we love our regulators. A, there's no question. It's not just a Volcker Rule. The Basel III, as banks are going to be required to have much more capital, the utilization of their balance sheet is going to affect everybody. Bid-ask spreads are going to be widening because these institutions are going to need to make some form of profit for putting their balance sheet in front of you. This is one of the reasons why we have been very rigorous in spending a lot of money, building the trading platform, to cross trades for our clients. This is one of the actions that we are doing, and we continue to do that. And we're continuing to build it. And so what we are trying to use that scale of ours to differentiate us with our clients and hopefully to reduce that friction cost that we're going to see in the marketplace, and so this is something that we are quite sensitive on. In terms of our interaction with our regulators, well, we are actually having some very good dialogues with our regulators. We are trying to be above the line with them and really working with them in terms of trying to help them understand the difference between asset management and organizations that work on their own balance sheet. We are trying to make sure that in our conversations related to ETFs, they understand the difference between ETFs and ETNs. We have been very rigorous in terms of -- and an outlier in the industry in the money market fund industry suggesting that capital should be put in place to offer NAV declines. And we do believe regulators are going to begin to focus on the money market fund industry, because I do believe from every regulator I speak to, they believe money market funds do present risk in the system. And there's going to have to be some ways of protecting the system. And so we are trying to work with regulators in terms of understanding the type of risk that's presented and how best to effectuate and minimize that risk. In terms of everyday business, until we really get more dialogue and in terms of -- and more certainty of how they're going to implement some of these strategies, it's hard for us to say how that will further impact BlackRock or how we work with our clients. But it's a moving dialogue, and I could promise you, we are involved in the dialogues with the regulators. When they want to hear our opinions, we are offering them as loud as possible. We have -- I think as you know, we do have an office now in Washington, working alongside with our regulators. It happens to be one of our biggest businesses now working in Washington. It's a core competency that we have to work with our regulators and working with our politicians to help our investors. So one thing I said to our investors at our conference, we are one of the lone sheep working with Washington in trying to protect investors' interests and investor rights.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, just to start on the margin. I'm wondering, was there any impact from performance fees, and helping the margin in the third quarter may be hurting it? And then as we walk forward into the fourth quarter, if we see flattish market returns kind of through December 31, what should be our expectation for the margin going forward?
Ann Marie Petach: Okay. Craig, on the first one of those, whenever we have a quarter with performance fees, we usually get a little bit of margin boost from that, because other than the payout, the revenue shares, really, there's not incremental expense associated with generating those revenues. As far as the fourth quarter, what I said in my comments, I really said focus on the year-to-date margin when you're thinking about margin. I think every quarter of the margin can move around a bit, but I just sort of think in that range, as far as -- that's what we've achieved year-to-date. That's what's going to drive the full-year margin. And all things being equal, we should be delivering something. Now we know the margin can vary widely based on changes in market and levels of performance fees, and those are 2 big unknowns.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. And also on the pipeline for funded -- or excuse me, but one [ph] but unfunded wins, was the decline there, in your view, and it sounds like it is, more cyclically driven by investors reacting to what has just happened in the market over the last 3 or 4 months and differences between the assets you're investing and the duration of their liabilities. Or is this kind of more of a structural issue?
Ann Marie Petach: No, I think this is more of an environmental issue. So as you just described it, I think this is a period of time as the pipeline and flows get affected, as people have to pause and reconsider what is the right action.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Staying on the regulatory front, and, Larry, sort of in your commentary on some of the liquidity business. So what I'm hearing is that the squabbling [ph] proposal seems to be dead on arrival and sort of back to the drawing board. Can you talk a little bit -- you mentioned capital buffer in your prepared remarks. Can you talk a little bit about how you sort of see the most likely cost for reform on a go forward basis and what the impact will be in the economics of the business?
Laurence Douglas Fink: Sue?
Susan L. Wagner: I mean, Bill, on the money market reform, I mean, as you know, we've been sort of going back and forth around a variety of possibilities. So the squabbling [ph] proposal is one that's interesting, although I think the discussions most recently are focused on whether or not it's really practical, given that it requires subordinate capital to be raised for each fund for each issuer. So I think, at the same time, we're not really hearing the capital buffer as a favor to either. So I think regulators are still engaged in an active discussion with industry participants, and we are very much at the forefront of that. We've been helping things through different alternatives for how we might support this business. And as you know, and as Marie Shapiro [ph] testified before the Congress, an floating rate NAV is still out there as a possibility as well. And there will be -- if that comes to pass, the business will find a new level, but it will still be a valuable business for investors. So we continue to work with them. There's not a lot of clarity out there on this.
William R. Katz - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And my second question sort of comes back to ETF business. I think BlackRock filed with the SEC a few weeks ago, maybe a month or so ago, to get into sort of the active [ph] of the fundamental side of the business. It seems a little bit of a sea change relative to the cap weighted business. Maybe you can talk about maybe the philosophy and the reasoning behind that. And does that sort of pertain an embedded view about the cap weighted side of business?
Susan L. Wagner: Again, Bill, I'll try to answer that. I mean, I think that we want to have the flexibility to provide investors with a wide range of products off a wide range of indices. So we also have a view that there are opportunities, both in fundamental ways and indices. And as you know from that same filing, the opportunity potentially to create our own entities to be able to offer clients products that might be more tactically used by them in asset allocation. So it's part of a broader range of possibilities. I think as you also know, the SEC, the registration processes take a long time, and so part of this is just widening out our capability to offer a range of products to the market.
Laurence Douglas Fink: And I would say, Bill, I do -- we do not believe actively-managed ETFs will be anything close to the scale of the market based or index-based products. But we do believe that clients are going to be looking for lower-cost solutions, whether that is multi-product, they're looking for liquidity. And so we are going to explore and expand in those product areas. But our expectations are that it's not going to be driving massive growth, but it will be more incremental.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cynthia Mayer with Bank of America.
Cynthia Mayer - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Larry, in terms of how the institutional investors are reevaluating, going from core to credit, you mentioned, possibly or maybe to preferred, looking at new products, would any of this have any impact on the mix shift and the fee rate? Or do you see it more as a move amongst similar priced products? And, in general, do you see institutional clients still going to passive over active?
Laurence Douglas Fink: It really depends. So, a, I think you're going to see -- I think you're going to see huge move into indexation of bonds, much lower fees. As I said, if you don't believe interest rates have that much further to go down over the next few years, you're only earning a few hundred basis points of return. And so we're going to start seeing other -- we're going to see clients looking to use beta as a bigger flow. You saw that in the ETF flows over the last quarter. So we continue to expect that to continue. We are seeing more and more inquiry in high yield and more and more inquiries in the higher-yielding fixed income products, whether it's in Europe or the U.S. So, once again, it's more bar belling. So indexing, obviously, is a lower fee, higher margin result, and the credit and the other types of products are going to be higher fees, in many cases, lower margin business. So I think we're going to be probably be as best positioned to handle that and take that in. I should remind everybody, indexation, even institutional indexation of fixed income, is not like indexation of the S&P. There are thousands of bonds in the Barclays index or other fixed income type of indexes. You have to have a lot more technology to replicate the movements of fixed income to get close to an index. So it's much harder for institutions to internalize fixed income indexing. So we look at that as -- even if institutions went that way, we would expect to be a huge beneficiary of that. The second thing, in terms of equities, we're going to continue to see more bar belling. As you saw the flows, people were de-risking in core type of products. They were going into more specialty type of products. They're going into more alternatives, and they are using as a baseline a foundation they're going into index. So it really depends on each client's issues, where they are with their liability, whether they are horizons and -- but I think it's very clear across the board, investors are looking for some form of advice.
Cynthia Mayer - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just briefly on expenses, a narrow one. It looks like, excluding the U.K. charge, G&A dropped or actually it was lighter than what I expected. What are the trends there? And I think you mentioned marketing. How sustainable would cost control be in G&A?
Ann Marie Petach: You're right. The key driver in the decrease was marketing, and I actually think it's been great. We've had Linda Robinson coming into the firm, and what she's bringing in is really looking across everything we were doing. And, really, we were duplicating ourselves. We weren't always spending our money as efficiently to get our messages across clearly. And so we actually expect, going forward, to be able to do more with less.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for our conference. Mr. Fink, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Douglas Fink: No. Hopefully, the markets continue to improve and stabilize in the fourth quarter. I think we are all waiting to hear what Europe has to tell us this weekend related to this new round of stabilization in Europe by the authorities and politicians in Europe. It's my hope that we find a stabilization. I have to remind everybody, if Europe does find a way to stabilize its future, they will put all the pressure on to the United States to making sure that the United States now focuses on a long-term solution. So I don't think volatility is going to be going away this quarter, but I do believe the opportunities ahead of us and ahead of BlackRock are even larger than even before. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ann Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Robert Connolly - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel Laurence Fink - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: William Katz - Citigroup Inc Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Connolly: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly, I'm the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry, Sue and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.
Ann Petach: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for calling in today. This morning we announced second quarter earnings of $3 per share. That's up 27% compared to a year ago, driven by a 16% growth in revenue and by margin expansion.  Second quarter demonstrated continued execution of our revenue growth story. With our global platform, broad set of products and our risk capability, we're very well positioned to work with our clients through what's proving to be very uncertain times. During the second quarter, we continue to see volatility and persistent low interest rates. With that, we have clients coming to us seeking multi-assets and produce share solutions, yield-oriented products and advice on dealing with uncertainty and risk-return tradeoffs. As a result, we generated a record level of base fees in the second quarter. Also in the second quarter, we bought back the remaining 13.6 million shares that Bank of America held for $2.5 billion. With this transaction completed, we're a widely held firm nearly 60% of the shares set with a broad diverse set of shareholders. We funded the transaction with $1.5 billion of long-term debt, $0.5 billion of commercial paper and $0.5 billion of cash. And at the same time, the rating agencies affirmed our strong, single A credit rating. I'm going to refer to some of the slides in the supplement to the earnings release. And starting on Slide 1, you can see that operating income for the quarter was $883 million. That was up 19% from a year ago and 8% from the first quarter, really driving the growth in EPS. So the EPS story is an operating result story. Looking at Page 2, you can see our operating margin, which I think demonstrates our focus on thoughtful investments. The operating margin came in at 39.7%, that's up from the second quarter margin by almost a full percentage point. It's also up from the full year 2010 margin of 39.3% and from the first quarter margin of 39.1%. Our cost-to-revenue ratio for the quarter came in at 34.4%, which is consistent with our long term range of 35%. The second quarter is in the context of a market environment, which adds -- really reflected in the S&P 500 and shown on Page 3, is up about 16% compared to a year ago. But 2011 has been a period of volatility, and through that volatility, average markets in the first quarter are actually just about equal to average markets in the second quarter, which states that the earnings growth from first to second quarter is not coming from markets. The growth in EPS compared to 2010, as well as compared to the first quarter, was driven by operating results. You can see that on Page 5 of the deck. Earnings per share, which was $3, included $3.09 of operating earnings. The earnings did benefit in the quarter, a partial quarter benefit of about $0.07 from the share repurchase. Nonoperating results were about, well, $0.09 of expense. So detracting from EPS.  If you look at Page 11, it lays out the comparison relative to the first quarter where operating growth contributed $0.30 of EPS growth and was offset partially by lower gains on investments in the first quarter, and also the non-recurrence of a 1x tax adjustment in the first quarter that had contributed about $0.12. The second quarter as adjusted tax rate was 32.4%, the GAAP tax rate was 26.2%, and the GAAP tax rate reflected the noncash effect of legislative changes in New Jersey on the value of our deferred tax liability. Looking at revenues, you can see total revenues on right-hand column of Page 7 at $2.3 billion. First quarter revenues were up 16% from 2010, primarily driven by base fees. And I'm going to talk more about base fees in a second. Performance fees came in at $50 million, were consistent with performance fees a year ago and were equally driven by strong relative performance of our equity product and by the strength of our alternative platform.  BlackRock Solutions and Advisory revenues remained strong at $116 million, including growth in our Aladdin revenues, the continued, really, unwind or runoff of the liquidation assignments and continued good work on the advisory side where the uncertain environment is bringing opportunity. Moving on to base fees on Slide 8. Base fees were $2.1 billion, and were up 17% from 2010 and 6% from the first quarter. When you look at the growth in base fees, you can see that it was across all long dated asset classes. It's partially offset by a decrease in revenues on cash products as clients continued to pull out of low yielding money market funds.  And if you look at the top of the page, you can see that we have a well-diversified mix of revenues. And our mix of revenues is really reflective of the breadth of our product offering, where we can work with clients for Solutions, whether it's equity, fixed income, alternatives, multi-assets, active or passive, this diversity provides the diversity of revenues and diversity of Solutions for clients. The second quarter compared to the first quarter is laid out on Page 14. Second quarter base fee growth likewise was driven by AUM growth and shows growth across all long dated asset classes. Second quarter revenues on base fees included $134 million of sec lending revenues. Sec lending revenues are strongest in the second quarter due to the European dividends at this season. But also, sec lending revenues were up 24% compared to the second quarter a year ago, reflecting it's more than just a seasonal effect. There's also some returns risk taking because we have higher on-loan balances, as well as higher lending spread. Also, our revenue story is really stronger than the AUM story due to a favorable mix of business. The basis points earned on business won was about 2 basis points higher than the basis points on business lost. As a result, organic revenue growth is running about several organic AUM growths in the quarter. And further, if you exclude the seasonal effect of sec lending on our average basis points, average basis points have improved on long dated assets every quarter since the BGI Transaction. It's good, at this point, to be getting rid of some of the new noise in that difference between AUM and revenue, in that our last merger-related outflow is now behind us. It had been in the pipeline for the last several quarters, and that is done. So those are done for good, and the one factor that will stay with us is that institutional indexed assets can have large flows in the AUM with relatively small revenue effect. Moving on to expenses, which you can see on Page 9, expenses were $1.464 billion, that's up 13% from 2010. Remember that's in the context of a 16% growth in revenue, and they were exactly equal to the expenses in the first quarter. So those -- that Expense Management, again, is what's contributing to the margin expansion. And we mentioned previously that BlackRock had entered into a new lease for office space in the city of London. It's about a 300,000 square-foot building, and it's going to allow us to really take the people that we've got spread across 2 different buildings, bring them into a single, world-class asset management environment, which we're going to be better able to serve our clients and really work much more effectively as a single cohesive team. The new lending headquarters is actually going to be our largest single office, and earlier this month, we began occupancy of that office. We expect to relocate the majority of the people into the office sometime during the third quarter. And as a result of exiting our existing London location, we'll be considering a 1x acceleration of the remaining lease obligation sometime in the second half of the year.  Given those are relatively short leases left, we are making assumptions right now that we won't have a sublease on those. And depending on exactly when we exit and how much space we continue to use for what period of time, we're estimating a charge in the range of $75 million to $100 million. Moving on to the nonoperating side of results, and you can see those on Page 17. We had nonoperating expenses of $27 million. Those actually reflected a $10 million gain on the investment portfolio, which included positive marks on our private equity co-investment, offset partially by negative marks on distressed credit where we saw the spreads on that product widen.  Just as a reminder, the portfolio still stands about where it was in the second quarter, $1 billion, about $930 million after considering hedges. And all of those investments are either feed or co-investments. So there's no proprietary activity reflected in those results.  Net interest expense came in at $37 million. That did include one month of interest expense associated with the new debt we put on associated with the share repurchase. Slide 18, this business model continues to generate substantial cash flow. We're using that cash flow to award shareholders, that's reflected in our 44% dividend pay out ratio, as well as the share repurchase we just completed. We still do have share repurchase authority of 4.2 million shares and we also, in the second quarter, completed the redemption of our convertible debt. So just wrapping up my comment, we're delivering double-digit earnings growth. The earnings growth is being fueled by top line revenue growth combined with margin expansion. So operating results are what's driving the business. And we feel, particularly in this time of uncertainty in external environment, that we are especially well positioned to deliver our business model to our clients to help them solve their problems and to continue to drive that top line growth.  With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Ann Marie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. More than ever, the global, political and economic issues investors are facing has created confusion, uncertainty and ultimate retrenchment. Investors worldwide, Retail and Institutional, are seeking more advice, in many cases, more handholding and investment strategies and portfolio allocation.  Investors in the last quarter, and I think more so going forward, are seeking more BlackRock advice. With our global platform, multi-products, our risk management and our thought leadership, BlackRock is very well positioned to assist our clients worldwide.  However, clients are actually de-risking. I don't agree with them, but some of our clients are de-risking and are slowing down their investment decisions. Some other clients of ours are looking at this as an opportunity, looking to take advantage of some capitulation from other investors.  And what is driving much of this confusion and uncertainty is politics globally. I believe the private sector is doing a very good job, evident by growth in earnings, and yet what is the greatest inhibitor to the economic vitality right now of Europe and the United States is essentially politics. We are not -- we have to face this great uncertainty as politicians determine the outcomes in the United States of our deficits, of our debt ceiling, which puts greater uncertainty with businesses, it puts greater uncertainty about job creation and we need to move beyond this. Nevertheless, it is very impressive for me to watch how corporate earnings continue to be driven. And importantly, this is why I believe those customers who are de-risking, and there are many customers who are de-risking because they're focusing on today's headlines, I think it's a mistake. And we are discussing this with all of our clients.  In Europe, where I believe there is even greater problems ahead of ourselves, is the fact that external forces are forcing countries to change their behavior, changing their standard of living. And they're forcing these changes of standard of living without ever discussing the possibility of bondholders getting less than par. I don't look at that as a positive outcome. I don't believe that external parties can force governments to devalue their standard of living, devalue their countries without everyone sharing in these losses and their restructuring.  As we looked at other restructurings of other countries, whether it is Argentina or Brazil or for that matter, Iceland, they have the ability to devalue their currencies and everyone shared, including the bondholders, in terms of the cost of the restructuring and many of these countries have vibrant economies today. But when you place all of the cost of the restructuring on the backs of the populace, in my opinion, it's going to lead to some severe social unrest over the course of the years to come, and this is one of the things that I'm most nervous about.  It is these issues, these political issues, that are creating such great uncertainty. It is these issues that is creating opportunities. And I do believe BlackRock, with our platform, is helping our clients try to understand the ramifications. I do believe, long term, we will be able to overcome all these issues, and I remain steadfastly bullish on opportunities in global equity markets. Let me discuss BlackRock and how we performed over the quarter. As we discussed over the last few quarters, we are focused on building a stronger and broader relationship with our clients. Despite the volatility that I spoke about and the uncertainty in the marketplaces, our revenues and our product mix with our clients are increasing. This is what we are going to be focusing on in the future. We believe with this broad product mix that we have great opportunities to be increasing our revenues, and at times, which may mean reducing our AUM if that's what it takes. And so we are looking to have a more complete relationship with our clients, which will ultimately drive revenues and profitability for BlackRock, and most importantly, will drive a more comprehensive relationship with our client. And that is our strategy, and our strategy has shown in the second quarter that it's working.  Clients, because of this uncertainty, are looking for more customized strategies. Some of our clients are barbelling. They're adding more beta strategies to add to their portfolio and higher return office of strategies. These strategies, along with multi-asset class products, we're building these relationships and revenues with our clients. And this is how we will continue to build out our relationships going forward. I believe more steadfastly than ever, our one BlackRock business model, a comprehensive platform worldwide, intersecting products worldwide, intersecting a one BlackRock community is a strategy that will allow us to build those relationships with BlackRock.  Clients are looking for our international focus. Even if we are doing only business in Japan with yen-like products, they are looking to BlackRock, not to compete with local managers. They're looking for BlackRock to be additive in a global perspective, and that may lead us to having opportunities in investing in yen products. But most importantly, it'll allow us to have a more comprehensive dialogue. And when our clients in Japan or China or Italy are looking for greater opportunities beyond their local community and local markets, they look to BlackRock to help with them. And I believe this one BlackRock platform is allowing this. We just completed a leadership retreat, bringing our community of our leaders together. And I have never been more proud of our leadership in terms of building this one BlackRock community. At the end of the second quarter, AUM is $3.6 trillion. We had growth of long dated assets, about $34 billion, of which $18 billion is new net assets. We saw some extreme outflows, which is industry-wide in terms of cash. This is an industry issue related to 0 interest rates in the short end, and most importantly, the uncertainty about money market funds related to ownership in some European financial institutions and commercial paper. BlackRock is very well positioned. Our risk management team has done an incredible job in navigating this, and we have been working with our clients steadfastly in terms of helping them understand the portfolios of our cash management. Nevertheless, we are still, like the industry, seeing outflows there. On the advisory side where we had more than normal outflows, that was related to clients returning some of the assets back into the marketplace. I can't get into the raw details. I think most people are aware of some of our clients who are visibly selling some of their products into the marketplace today. And so we are part of that. But our advisory business has never been robust. The opportunities we have in Advisory, which we'll talk about in a minute, is very, very strong.  One area that I'd like everyone to focus on is our growth in our multi-asset category, where we had assets growing about 11% or about $23 billion. This is what I've been talking about. Our multi-assets now are $231 billion. AUM in fixed income grew nicely, about $27 billion, 50% of it in index, 50% in active, some of it EPS, some of it is just indexed.  In equities, we still have some outflows in our scientific active equity. However, I'll talk about in a minute, we see a dramatic turnaround in the future prospects of that business, which we'll talk about in a minute.  And as Ann Marie discussed, we had the last of our merger-related outflows, and we believe this is not going to be a component of our quarterly calls ever again. Pipeline, a robust $84.3 billion. What is impressive for me, $71 billion or 84% of it is long dated products. It highlights, in my mind, the strength of the platform and the opportunities ahead of us.  Let me talk about 3 areas that I think are worth noting. The first one is iShares. We're seeing more and more flows worldwide moving into ETFs. Much of this, in my opinion, is related to the great global uncertainty clients are looking for more liquidity as they tactically allocate, and ETFs are a great vehicle for liquid tactical allocation. And so as an industry, the ETF assets grew by $50 billion, up $10 billion from last year. At the same period, mutual fund flows year-to-year fell dramatically from the growth rates of 2010 to 2011. Now I don't believe those are good approximations of the dynamics of the business because so much of the ETF business is institutional, and as I said, tactical allocation purposes. But I do believe we are going to continue to see large-scale growth in global ETFs, and there's no other firm that is well positioned in terms of global ETFs in country funds, in fixed income products, and we are working on many other types of products in the ETF realm.  The one other thing that I'd like to note, despite all the noise, despite all the articles about active ETFs, and BlackRock will be joining and building many active ETFs, I should just put it -- give everyone a good indicator, out of the $50 billion of net new business in ETFs as an industry, only $800 million of it was active ETFs.  So as you see, more and more funds go into active ETFs, in the first few years, that means the industry is going to lose money in it. It'd be very hard to make much money in active ETFs until you start seeing greater growth rates. I do believe the predominance of ETFs will always be the indexed base. And I also do believe you're going to see clients starting to understand as regulatory rules change in the ETF space, that there's going to be a great differentiation between ETFs and ETNs. This is a big issue in Europe. Every regulator in Europe is very, very introspective as to how people look at ETFs and ETNs. And I think there's going to have be much greater disclosure and there maybe restrictions in terms of ETNs. That will put BlackRock's iShares in a great position, although if regulatory changes occur. On our scientific model-driven equity business. As you know, we had very poor performance for almost 3 years. The industry had poor performance in the last 3 years. The industry saw dramatic outflows as a result of the underperformance. I am pleased to say, not only has BlackRock model-driven team has done an extraordinary job, but the industry has done a good job, too. There has been a vast reversal in the business in terms of performance. Our domestic product, which was our laggard at BlackRock is outperformed by over 140 basis points this year. And our global and our Asian model-driven scientific equity is outperformed by hundreds and hundreds of basis points. I believe we're going to see a change in flows that could be dramatic. We're going at a pace of performance similar to the experiences of 2004, and that was the beginning of great inflows in that product. And so we are very pleased with our team and Ken Kroner, navigating and stabilizing performance, rebuilding the team, rebuilding the enthusiasm. And now, over the course of the next 6 months to a year, hopefully we could rebuild flows. Multi-asset products continue to be an area where clients, both Retail and Institutional, are looking for. We believe this will continue, whether it is in equities and fixed income, and we believe we're very well positioned as more and more money goes into these categories. BlackRock Solutions, we won 10 net new assignments in the last quarter. We had 3 new Aladdin assignments. Just yesterday, we won another very large Aladdin assignment. Much of this is being driven in Europe. The opportunities we have in Europe has never been greater. We have some very large proposals with our clients right now in the Aladdin space and in the fiduciary advisory space. As you know, all this noise in Europe is presenting a great opportunity for BlackRock, and hopefully, similar to the work we did in Ireland that we could play a role in the workout of the severe issues that Europe is facing. As Ann Marie discussed, our margins grew to 39.7%. This is something that we focus on a great deal. And our margins grew in the last quarter, and yet, if you think about all the new businesses we're getting into, all of the new hires we've made, we're investing more for tomorrow, we're investing it more today for future revenues than any time in the history of BlackRock.  In the last few quarters, we hired a new Head of Real Estate; we hired a new Head of the BlackRock Institute, which we'll talk about in a minute; a new Head of Communications and Branding; new Head of Private Equity; Alternative Energy; Asia's fundamental equity leader. We are building a more robust team worldwide than we've ever done before. This is expensive, and yet, our margins are increasing. And we believe these investments are going to be very strong. So as I always said, when we look at margins, we always look at margins, we need to make sure our margins continue to grow as our business grows, but we need to make sure that we're building for a better future. And I think I could soundly tell you, we're building for a better future with higher probabilities of greater revenues. And yet, we are increasing our margins. And this is one of the key elements that I believe is really important for BlackRock and BlackRock shareholders this year.  As I mentioned, the BlackRock Institute, this is something that we believe BlackRock is becoming a leader on in terms of thought leadership. We created a sovereign credit index that receives a lot of notoriety. We just came out with a new piece on our views of China. This is our investment platform working together and coming on thought-provoking pieces. And I believe we will become more dominant in terms of trying to focus on issues and ideas related to the markets. Just this week, as a help to our clients, we had over 1,200 clients on a phone call this week asking us questions related to the what if there's a default in U.S. Treasuries and what does that mean. And so we're seeing more and more clients looking to BlackRock to help them understand this global uncertainty. As I said repeatedly, branding is going to become a more important component of what we're about. As I said earlier, we are going to spend a great deal of money in building out our brand over the next 5 years. I'm thrilled in the progress we've been making in terms of building a global brand. But this is just the beginning. And I believe our job in the future is to make sure that our end customer understands who and what BlackRock is, and so we could have not just a well-known brand institutionally, but a much sought-after brand in the retail space. And the last point I would like to make before we open it up for questions is the share repurchase. We were very happy that we were able to work it out with BofA earlier in the second quarter. At this moment in time, we see no reason for any large purchases of shares without getting any details. I don't believe there's any large sellers of our shares at this moment, and I don't believe there should be any pressure for us. When and if there is a large seller with our shares, we would look to possibly purchase those shares, if that's in order. But it's clear to tell everyone, I don't see those opportunities in the short run at any time. And so, just wanted to got that and clearly off the table.  I believe our positioning into the second half of this year is very strong. Unfortunately, I do believe the uncertainty is going to be great, I believe volatility could be more extreme, and it does lead to greater confusion. And at times, it's going to lead to more capitulation by more clients as they still have great memories of 2008, 2009. Our only job then is to help our clients navigate those fears, try to help them assess their issues. Most importantly, have them focus on their liabilities, not headlines. And if more clients focus on their liabilities and focus on the appropriate asset allocation for those liabilities, instead of focusing on daily volatility, daily headlines, I believe, in the long run, our investors worldwide will be better off. That is the positioning that we're trying to build upon at BlackRock, and I believe no other firm in the business is this well positioned for that type of dialogue.  Once again, thank you, everyone, for your support. For all the BlackRock employees who are on the phone today, thank you for a really strong quarter. But most importantly, thank you for really building the momentum of this firm. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: First, just wanted to touch on the outflows and active equity. And I know these flows come from many different channels and products around the world. But I wanted to hear your thoughts on, first, is there any significant drivers here besides the softer macro-environment? And also, is the outlook stronger for active equity in the second, especially after your positive comments on scientific equity?
Laurence Fink: Yes, I mean, the outflows was scientific equity, period. And in sum, in commodities, we're a very big player in commodity-like products. Obviously, you know what has happened in commodities in the latter half of the second half of the second quarter. And so some of that was in the retail space and our retail mutual funds in the commodity-like products. So to me, that's just the ins and outs of the marketplace. But we don't -- we see much greater stability now in the scientific equity side. And as you suggested, I think the future is much more positive than the past.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Second question here, just on the adjusted operating margin. It was up 60 bps quarter-over-quarter, which is higher than most of us were really expecting. Looks like the improvement was mostly driven by kind of lower comp and distribution relative to revenues. And I wanted to hear your thoughts on if this improvement is repeatable or sustainable into 3Q, especially if we exclude that lease charge you're referring to in the City of London space? And also, is there any potential seasonal impacts? And I'm just looking back last year, there were some weaker trends in the comp margin, the overall adjusted operating margin in the third quarter of 2010.
Ann Petach: Yes. What I would say the only seasonality that really is there is on the revenue line, which is the sec lending revenues, which I mentioned that in my comments for some seasonality. On the expense side, what we saw in the second quarter, I think the only trend items there are we hired more people in the second quarter, and in the first quarter, we have our highest payroll taxes. So those 2 sort of offset each other, but we will see a little bit of base comps from more people. And then marketing, we're going to continue to invest in the brand. But overall, I don't see anything where we're not going to continue to manage the expenses and the margin.
Laurence Fink: As I said, my objective over the long run is have 40-plus percent margins. And so we're not there yet and I intend to manage the firm accordingly, making sure we take advantage of the opportunities in terms of hiring and all that. This environment, Craig, is a great time for us to be hiring as other firms are really downsizing. And I think the prospects of where and how we're positioned, we're having a great opportunity in doing that. At BlackRock, in our leadership retreat, we talked about raising the bar, and that's what we intend to be doing. And if we have great opportunities to hire really terrific people, we're going to be doing that and expanding the platform. But yet, in saying all of that, we are going to be very mindful in terms of managing our margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: First question. Just on the long term flows. You mentioned clients, some pulling back, some taking advantage of the opportunity. I guess, in the quarter, how much of that did you see? And then in terms of the pipeline, given that it's healthy at the $84 billion, would you still expect sort of that, I think in the past, you guys have said sort of like 2 to 3 quarter in terms of when you would expect to realize what's in the current pipeline? Would that timeline still be what's at least in that space that [indiscernible]?
Laurence Fink: Yes. That's exactly how we're writing. I would say, if anything, there's been a little more drag, but it's still within that -- confined to 2 to 3 quarters. You tell me what's going to happen in terms of emerging markets and commodities, that will have a big determination of some of our flows. Because as you know, a great deal of retail flows has been in the emerging economies, in ETF flows, in mutual fund flows, a great deal in mutual fund flows and institutional flows has been in commodity-based products, commodity-based equities. And we are big players in that. And if there is a capitulation in that, we will be part of that capitulation. Nevertheless, we feel very good about our product mix and the opportunities that are ahead of us. We're in dialogues right now with some very large institutions who are looking to externalize large proponents to their balance sheet. Let's see if we win any of them. But our dialogues with our clients are as robust as they've ever been. But once again, nevertheless, clients have capitulated. We have seen a slowdown in May and June, and much of that has been in the Retail space. You see those in the retail flows in the U.S. But if somebody's going to get the flows in the next 6 months, I think we're one of the parties who are going to get it.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then I realize on the investment side, meaning investment spending, it's an ongoing process. But if we look over the past year, 1.5 years, you made a lot of investments, whether it's in distribution, technology. On the alternative side, you mentioned real estate, private equity. So based on, I guess, some of the gaps, like are a lot of those investments done? Like, obviously, it's going to be ongoing, whether it's on the marketing, the distribution. I'm just trying to gauge like, in every company there's typically like investment periods, and then you're going to have kind of ongoing investment periods. So are there any items or initiatives that have been more elevated, are going to be more elevated versus what's going to be a normal ongoing kind of run rate investment?
Laurence Fink: Well, we're going to continue to invest in the emerging market world. We're going to continue to invest in those products. I still believe every firm, including BlackRock, has become more and more less dollar denominated over a 10-year cycle, as just follow GDP in other parts of the world. We need to follow our investment platform where GDP is growing. That is not to say we're diminishing anything to do here in North America. We actually have great opportunities here too in the Defined Contribution space, where you're seeing total changes in that space. So I don't see any slowdown in our investments. I will slow down the investments if I have to, if I see that we're just not producing. We'll mitigate some of those investments, and we will try to reap the benefits of our past investments. But if we could continue to build out our Asian team and hire really high-quality people in a time when a lot of for firms are downsizing, we're going to do that.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just last, Ann Marie, 2 quick things. On the sec lending, anyway to size that? I know you said if we strip that out, the average management fee from a base point standpoint has gone up since the close of the transaction. But in the quarter, any size of that? And then just in comp and G&A, any unusual items? It didn't look like it, but I just want to make sure if there were any.
Ann Petach: Well, starting with the second one, there really was nothing unusual that was material as far as the expense side. There was nothing material, unusual going on. So no trend to talk about. The sec lending revenues, I did call out and we do disclose in our Q, were $144 million in total in the quarter, which is up a bit from prior quarters because of seasonality, as well as I mentioned, up 24% compared to a year ago.
Laurence Fink: And last year, because of all the reduction in prop trading by Wall Street, sec lending diminished dramatically. But as hedge funds grew in their assets, sec lending increased.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So Larry, the institutional index business, which I guess, has had a fair amount of volatility in and out over the last number of quarters. And while you would clearly say the ETF businesses is in a secular growth period, how do you view the institutional index business, which again has been a little bit volatile? But is that still in a secular growth mode, would you say? First of all, we are learning -- this is not a secular -- this is a consistent pattern. Index equity business is more volatile than fundamental equity. You're seeing clients going in and out. They may go into an indexed strategy until they determine where they want to go in an active basis. So I believe there is -- the business has higher, more volatility. I think some of the vol that we are seeing, we are seeing some companies are looking to add more indexed business to their business, and some are looking to in-source some of their indexation. So one large client did a large internalization of their index business in the last quarter. So, I believe indexing will continue to become a larger component of clients' businesses until there is less volatility, greater global certainty. And so I believe it will continue to be a growth area. I continue to believe it will be very volatile area. It's an area that we continue to invest in with our team. And it's an area that we have continued to have dialogue with many of our clients. But clients use -- even institutions use index business as a short-term strategy more than we ever envisioned, and they use that as a -- they're confused, let me just go index until I determine where I want to go allocate. And I think this is one thing that we're living with, and I think you as the analyst are focusing on it, you're witnessing it too. And it is a more volatile business than what I would call fundamental equities. If you have good performance, generally in fundamental equities, you have more consistently long periods of time with those assets. Now, our core index business is very stable, as stable as any business. But on the margin, there are clients who use index as a short-term strategy. But I do believe, to answer your question, it is still going to be a net growth strategy.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And a follow-up, the multi-asset was stronger. That includes, I think, target date in fiduciary stuff and Global Allocation. Any sense of -- and the fee rate moved down a little bit, so any sense of kind of what drove the numbers in this quarter as far as flows?
Laurence Fink: Yes, it's more fiduciary. So you're just seeing we're way more fiduciary, which is lower fees than Global All. And what you're seeing also, as a whole, you're going to -- what it should be telling you, it's becoming institutionalized, too, where it used to be a lot more retail.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Larry, can you just talk a little bit about what happened in International Retail during the quarter? And then also, as you think about your market share outside the U.S. in retail, what regions or countries do you see the sort of nearest opportunity for BlackRock?
Laurence Fink: Well, we continue to be in the top 3 in net new sales in Europe. As I said in International Retail, in May and June, we saw more outflows in our equities. In the first quarter, we saw huge inflows in equities. In May and June, there is more inflows in fixed income and other participants participated in that. And so, I think the International equities, because of our strong presence, as I said earlier in gold funds and in commodity-like products, we had more volatility in that category. And we continue to see volatility in that quarter in July. But we're very well positioned there. We continue to see very strong growth in most of the regions in Continental Europe. We're working on closer and more robust alliances with a few of our large distribution partners. And so we're very positive about our positioning in our International Retail platform. We have great opportunities in the U.K., continued opportunities in Italy, we have a growing presence in Germany and France, so it continues. We are seeing more volatility in Taiwan, in Asia. And I would say, an area that we're starting see some real growth in our mutual fund platform is Japan for the first time in many, many years. I'm pleased to say that. And that has a lot to do with our joint venture relationship with Mizuho. We're starting to see flows there. One of the big initiatives we have, not just in our International Retail products, but our global mutual fund products are income-oriented strategies. This is going to be our real premise over the course of the next year, and really pushing income-oriented strategy. That's going to be our big push in the third and fourth quarter and going into next year. And that's where we see probably the greatest opportunity worldwide.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then just in the multi-asset class category, if you will, they look like some of the performance fees, you had negative performance fees, I think, in that category. Anything going on there in terms of performance for multi-asset class that we should be looking at? I know that those products tend to be less constrained and benchmark focused, maybe you could just touch on that.
Ann Petach: Yes. That really is just an accounting anomaly. We do book all of our performance fees when locked, but sometimes they're on estimated results because we don't yet have the final results. So that negative is just really reflective of an estimate in the fourth quarter, which went the final number, reversed a little, it wasn't material to the total number that was booked. So not indicative of present performance that really continues to have good performance.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just on the alternative flows, I guess we're seeing a lot of demand, it would seem like, in the alternative space from institutions you have the flows and alternatives haven't seemed really to be taking off too much. Larry, I know you mentioned sort of barbelling and high office strategies apparent with passive as a real opportunity for you guys, that seems to be working. What's sort of weighing on the alternative flows and should we expect that to maybe pick up in the back half?
Ann Petach: When you look at look at all our alternative flows and what we see from the alternatives, we've got what you think of traditionally as alternative we've also got currency and commodity. So what you're seeing on the negative side is really -- frankly, on the iShares, what we saw in the second quarter was outflows out of commodities, frankly, out of silver in particular. And we saw currency coming out. So it was not reflective at all of the fundamental alternatives business, which was growing, but reflective of currency and commodity. And that break out is given to you in the uncollated [ph] result.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then Larry, just now that the merger-related outflows are behind you and it seems like you're pretty optimistic about the future for scientific, for sort of the scientific equity businesses. Are you still sort of committed to longer-term organic growth in the mid-single digits when you look at the business? How should we think about the right long-term organic growth rate?
Laurence Fink: I have not changed any of my views. Obviously, if the world still capitulates, those will be wrong. If the world feels ultimately -- if it stabilizes, I could be too barish on the flows. But I do believe our platform can allow us to the have that type of consistent growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Just a couple of questions myself. If you think about -- Ann Marie, this one's for you. What's the right base fee rate entering third quarter, given just sort of the ebbs and flows around new business, the seasonality and the sec lending business, if you will, and maybe the impact of average assets given the volatility from month-to-month?
Ann Petach: Yes. It's interesting. I mentioned the increase on flows -- the higher base point realization on inflows and outflows. But on the total installed book, that works its way in very, very slowly. So unfortunately, the mix of inflows impact on revenue comes in gradually over a long period of time. The sec lending really, I think, you can work out pretty easily based on the data I can give you. And I can help you with that offline or anyone that needs help with it, because that does cause a lift up in the second quarter basis point realization. But all that said, we're seeing a gradual, little bit by little bit increasing average basis points every single quarter, and that's without the sec lending. But it's a gradual migration.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Second question, let's just come back to sort of expense for a moment. You mentioned a charge upcoming potentially some time in the second half of the year, but if you look beyond that and think about the consolidation of space, with all else being equal, would that result in a lower occupancy run rate going forward? And if that is true, would that serve to offset some of the ongoing investment spending elsewhere?
Ann Petach: What I would say is, look, we have with our present 2 buildings, about 300,000 square feet, and we're taking about 200,000 square feet. But what we're doing today is we're paying double rent. And the part that'll go away is actually the double rent once we accelerate those remaining lease expenses.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: So would that offset the ongoing marketing spend in other investments or no?
Ann Petach: Well, there's a lot going on. And I guess, we're not really thinking about that in that way. We're really thinking about bringing in the right expenses to grow the business that are going to produce the returns, and balancing that with the rate of revenue books.
Laurence Fink: Clearly, as Ann Marie said, Bill, we're paying for the 3 buildings now, we're going to be paying for 1. But I don't look -- and as Ann Marie said, we're not looking at that to offset other expenses. We're looking at all our expenses and our margins in the totality. This is just one of many levers.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Just a couple more. Larry, before you mentioned sort of a little bit of a shift going on in the scientific business, is that specific to BlackRock or is that more of an industry event? And then, so if you could lay that into the $84 billion of the pipeline in terms of the long term side, what are the allocations you're seeing at the margin in terms of where money is going?
Laurence Fink: So let me just answer that question. In terms of equities, of the $84 billion, about $25 billion of this is equities -- did I get it right? So yes, excuse me.
Ann Petach: Out of the $84 million, It's about $16.5 million.
Laurence Fink: $16.5 million is equities and fixed income is about $43 billion.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Just in terms of the scientific that you mentioned sort of seeing an inflection, is that a BlackRock [indiscernible]?
Laurence Fink: No, what we're saying in scientific is we are seeing a real turnaround in performance, which I believe over the course of the next 6 months to a year, we'll start seeing a turnaround in the flows. It's not going to be that immediate. But if we continue to have this type of performance, and I'm talking more U.S. scientific. Global scientific, we're seeing flows, and we have had consistently good performance.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Then just one last one. Just it seems like anything with Barclays [ph] payable to use your terminology. So given that and given your still robust free cash flow, which seems to be accelerating given the margin improvement and the utilization moving up, how do you think about the use of free cash flow from here?
Laurence Fink: I'll use it when I need it. I'm not afraid of using it. Obviously, we're going to look at -- the Board will look at dividends, we'll look at stock repurchases. Obviously, those are the 2 most useful to shareholders in terms of capital management. We continue to look at small, little lift outs of teams and people. I could tell you we're not looking at any big mergers. So I believe it's fair to say we will look at -- as we did this past 6 months, we're going to look at dividends and we're going to look at share repurchases when and if necessary.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: First, quick one on the debt you took on to bring in the Bank of America shares. It pushes the debt-to-EBITDA up to a fine range of 1.5x, 1.6x. Just curious where your comfort zone is on debt-to-EBITDA, and obviously, you're producing a lot of cash from growing it quickly.
Laurence Fink: I could tell you I'm very happy with those ratios today. One should not assume that we're going to continue to leverage this institution to buy in more debt. I think that would be a -- because we do get to drive some of earnings through beta, I do not like having leverage beta debts. I think that is a cause for a financial uncertainty. I also believe the more leverage you have in a balance sheet, the more scrutiny you're going to have by your regulators worldwide, as leverage is a great component as in terms of risk when they look at institutions. And so it's not a function of looking at my ratings as much as making sure that we are in good standing with all the regulators worldwide. And that we are not a focus of any one regulator because of our leverage ratios.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: That's a good lead into the next question. Nevermind that I don't think either one of us thinks you should be designated CFE [ph]. If there was a nominal CFE put buffer towards you, how does that even work? I have a hard time getting my arms around what they would be looking at and...
Laurence Fink: Let's open up the phone for everyone. Maybe someone could help us. I have no idea either. I don't know. Let's say we've had very good -- we're in very good dialogue with our worldwide regulators. I think, we'll all learn at the same time as to how they determine these types of characteristics and what they're looking for. And we'll know. But we don't know how they analyze unleveraged institutions the same way they analyze these very large leveraged institutions.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Yes, I'm with that. Okay. Last one in money fund industry. I heard your comments loud and clear in terms of what produced the outflows and uncertainty now. Curious on your thoughts, is it really just cyclical around recent crises like the European crisis? Or do you see, given that regulators pushing a more secular shift into something like bank deposits?
Laurence Fink: I think it depends on what regulator you speak to. I think some regulators would like all of them to gain bank deposits and so having some other regulators are really believe that we need a more broad-based financial landscape, so money market funds are good in the diversifications of money. I think that's a raging debate within the regulatory regimes worldwide, what will all the money markets on display. I do believe there's more -- there's a greater view that money market funds serve a very good strong purpose as a diversification away from too big to fail institutions. Nevertheless, it is our strongest position at BlackRock, and we've been a leading advocate of it, that we do believe that money markets should have some capital set aside to minimize any type of exposure or run. The SEC and the Federal Reserve has asked many questions related to capital and subordination [ph]. And this is not a part at Dodd-Frank, but this is going to be part of the changes in the regulatory landscape. And I think this is fluid dialogue going on between the mutual fund and money market industry. We're a part of that and our regulators.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Heffernan with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Actually it's Rob Lee. Listen, most of my questions were asked, but just a question on the Solutions business. I mean I understand that, I guess, the revenues, at least the last couple of quarters, were somewhat impacted by the run-off from some of the advisory AUM and maybe some slowdown and kind of a 1x advisory mandate, at least relative to the crisis years. But could it be possible to first get some sense of kind of the relative mix of that revenue line? I mean, how much of that 118 did you kind of consider, for lack of better way of putting it, kind of a core, recurring from kind of the Aladdin business?
Laurence Fink: Well, I think we've done a very good job in the last year of navigating clients who we were asked to do short term advisory assignments to navigating those into a long term Aladdin-type assignments. We are moving more and more business into the Aladdin space. I said earlier, we just signed a very large Aladdin contract yesterday in Europe. It's not public who it is, but it's a large financial institution. And most importantly, which I did not say about these 2 contracts, it is multi-asset. So it is not just fixed income, it is now equity. And so we are now navigating -- we're now in dialogue with many of our clients of adding part of the Aladdin platform of the entire balance sheet equity and bond. And so this is where we believe the next leg in terms of growth. But nevertheless also, Aladdin used to be a heavily oriented U.S. business, and we have won, so far this year a large assignment in Japan, we've won multiple assignments in Europe, and we see great growth opportunities worldwide. So the revenue line, you're correct in saying it is essentially flat. The translation -- and Ann Marie could go into detail offline, Rob, going from 1x win to more reoccurring revenues has really accelerated.
Ann Petach: Yes, the recurring mix of revenue is the strongest it's been since we've entered into the alternate process [ph], so it's gotten stronger each quarter.
Laurence Fink: And Ann Marie can get into the details of that.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And maybe just one general question about Solutions. I mean, I guess in theory, I've always thought that because you've been generally a pretty strong growth engine, you've been investing a lot in that business and converting clients and infrastructure of that. Generally, that business has margins below kind of the asset management franchise, for lack of a better way of putting it. Would that be correct or is that actually in a similar higher margin business?
Laurence Fink: Well, as I discussed over the many years, when you win an Aladdin assignment, you have very low margins. Because the first year, we're not providing any service, we're on-boarding all the assets. So it's really a very low margin, an almost cost-related type of business. It is once the on-boarding is complete, we are providing the business to the client where the margins improve. And I would say, because of the fact that we're winning more Aladdin assignment now, as Ann Marie discussed, it looks to you that we are lowering our margins. But the reality is it's just the economy in which we win this business. And then as the on-boarding occurs, the margins go more normalized.
Ann Petach: And one other thing I would say to that is it's almost a privilege to be talking about a margin on a business that for almost any firm, is just a cost space. So it's a good factor. I mean, remember, we're getting revenues for supporting what we also use to support the core running of our own business.
Operator: At this time, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink and Ms. Petach, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I just want to wish everyone a very good quarter, and I hope the politics of the U.S. and the politics of Europe, that they do the right thing and so we as investors, we as leaders of businesses can focus on the long term and getting back to investing in the long term, which then means hiring and job growth. And until our politicians understand that the short term that they're focusing on and the uncertainty that they're creating is really inhibited a lot of what I would call long-term growth in the private sector economies worldwide. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ann Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Fink - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Connolly - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel
Analysts: Glenn Schorr - UBS William Katz - Citigroup Inc Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kerry, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly . [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Connolly: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly, I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry, and Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. And finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.
Ann Petach: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. This morning, as we report first quarter earnings, we're delivering a top line revenue story. Today, we announced earnings of $2.96. This is up 23% compared to a year ago, and those earnings are being driven by top line revenue growth of 14%. Our revenue growth is a combination of both market, but importantly strong organic growth. And we are seeing that organic growth, consistent with a number of the themes we've been discussing. We saw strong revenue growth related to retail close that both U.S. and internationally, and reflects the strength of those markets, as well as our relative share of those markets improving.  We saw good close in our EPS business, iShares. And just a reminder that, that business, in the first quarter, is usually seasonally the weakest quarter of the year. We see good revenues in multi-asset products as clients are seeking people to solve their problems and help them manage risk, not just managed assets. And we are seeing good revenues from alternatives, both slated to the performance in alternatives, and forward into alternative. And that's a trend that investors continue to separate alpha from beta.  The first quarter was also a quarter of a number of important milestones. We increased our dividend by 37.5%. We increased our credit facility by $1 billion to $3.5 billion, and extended the maturities for five years. While we have no plans to use the credit facility, we think it's an important source of long-term flexibility. Our merger-related concentration flows are, at this point, largely behind us. The first quarter is the lowest quarter since the merger. We have only one $9 billion outflow, that's relatively low revenue from a single client remaining in the pipeline, and we've got no other known concentration confirmed.  With respect to our long-only quant [quantitative] product, the near-term performance is going to take time to work its way into the medium and longer term track record. With that in mind, we did budget for outflows in 2011, and we are seeing outflows in our U.S. and global products. At the same time, we're beginning to see inflows into regional quant products, where we have had good performance. And so we do believe, quant, is an opportunity going forward. And I wanted to see what our quant hedge funds which are performing well and attracting assets from our long-only quant. The pipeline is strong with a high-quality of revenue and Larry is going to talk much more about that.  And finally, of note that on April 1, we were added to the S&P 500 index. And on the date of inclusion, we were the 75th largest company in the index.  I'm going to walk through a number of the slides starting with Slide 1. Our operating income which is shown in the left-hand side of the chart of $819 million was up 13% compared to a year ago, with net income and EPS both up 23%. With respect to margins shown on Slide 2, on the far right-hand side. Our margin came in 39.1%. That was up from the first quarter a year ago. And just the fourth quarter margin as a reminder reflected a peak period of performance fee loss.  Our comp to revenue ratio for the quarter was 35.4% consistent with where we've been running for a very long time. We do remain confident in both top line growth combined with a good margin, as we continue to seek efficiencies and realize the benefits of scale. Just a couple of examples from the quarter, late in the first quarter, we migrated a number of our data centers in Snohomish facility in Washington state. We're going to benefit from doing this by lower cost power.  Another example is, we have been consolidating our operating functions into Centers of Excellence which will benefit from scale and following the sun. At the same time, we're investing in the firm bringing in some great new talents and capability, something Larry is going to spend time talking about.  On Slide 3, with strong markets and all in all, we continue to benefit from improving markets. On Slide 4, on the far right-hand side, it was laid out the key components of our earnings per share. Earnings per share of $2.96 included operating earnings of $2.93. That's $2.79. That $2.79 included $0.06 associated with the successful launch of a $1 billion closed-end funds investing in commodities and energy. We have a tax adjustment of $0.12 that was related to resolution of certain tax matters and $0.05 of nonoperating earnings. If you take the $2.96 and you exclude the closed end, as well as the tax adjustment, we still had earnings of $2.90 in the quarter.  Compared to the fourth quarter -- compared to the first quarter a year ago, you can see the business grew across all dimensions. And compared to the fourth quarter, we had growth in the base business, fewer onetime costs, offset by a period with fewer performance fee loss. The first quarter as adjusted tax rate was 33% before considering the $24 million tax adjustment. That brought the quarterly rate down to 30.1%.  Speaking of revenues now, as shown on Page 6. Year-over-year revenues were 14%. I'm going to talk about base fees in a minute by really starting with performance fees. Performance fees in the quarter came in strong at $83 million. That reflected both strong relative performance on a number of equity accounts, as well as the strength of our alternative platforms. We have good performance across our single strategy hedge funds. And also of note, at this point, over 2/3 of our hedge fund of funds are above the high watermark that compares to about 20% a year ago.  We had strong BRS revenues of $128 million. We continue to grow the base Aladdin business. We continue to win and implement new advisory assignments. We're beginning to see the run-off of some of our long-term liquidation assignments. This reflects the opportunity for holders to benefit from improved valuations and liquidity on the underlying assets, and it's a trend we expect to continue. Included in the AUM price line is $15 billion in new long-term disposition assignment. And there is active interest across-the-board on Aladdin, so we feel great about the BRS opportunity going forward.  Moving on to base fees. And as shown on Slide 8, really, base fees improved 13% year-over-year across all long dated asset classes. Compared to fourth quarter, as shown on Slide 9, we had a $33 million or 2% increase in base fees, and that is despite the drag of two fewer days in the quarter worth about $40 million. When I talk about retail and U.S. and international strength that comes through in the $27 million of revenue associated with active equity product. You can also see the growth in alternatives and multi-asset that I mentioned.  With respect to EPS, we are seeing trends inflows which reflects the rotation into equity. Rotation into yield products. We are seeing strong global growth. And that reflects international clients both coming into U.S. products, as well as domestic products. Just for transparency's sake and thinking about our institutional index assets, those assets can be high-velocity assets. Clients sometimes just parks their money in an index while they decide what they're doing longer-term. That can result in high-volume inflows as well as high-volume outflows which have relatively low revenue impact. So beginning in the fourth quarter, we've separated this out clearly in the press release so you can really see the impact of those revenues and flows.  Moving on to expenses which are shown on Slide 10 and 11. Compared to a year ago, expenses are up $195 million, about 15% up consistent with the growth in the Base business. G&A is up $85 million, really, three key drivers from one cost of $19 million that I talked about earlier, $20 million of asset-free measurement and $28 million of marketing and travel expense. Compared to the fourth quarter, expenses are down $68 million or about 4%. Compensation costs were relatively stable at about $800 million, where we had lower direct incentives and bonus, offset by the fact that we hired more people. First quarter was at peak payroll taxes associated with our bonus payout and we are beginning to reflect the new stock awards into our expense.  G&A was down $69 million. Despite the $19 million closed-end one cost, we didn't repeat a number of the unique cost that we experienced in the fourth quarter. A couple of what you'll recall, which was really the establishment of a charitable fund and the onetime regulatory fee to the asset management you pay in the industry, both of which were about $20 million.  Nonoperating income which is shown on Slide 12 was $14 million, that which $43 million of investment gain across all asset classes, partially offset by net interest expense of $29 million. The value of our investment portfolio is stable at about $1 billion or $940 million excluding headwind-related items. Really, the gains in the portfolio were offset by net distribution down to the portfolios to the values of the investment are about stable. And these investments, as you know, were a pro-investments alongside our clients or seeding of new products to everything we're doing here is aligned with our clients interest.  With respect to cash flow, we're generating substantial cash flow and returning a meaningful portion of that cash to shareholders. As shown on Slide 13, we did increase the dividend from $4 annualized to $5.50 to 37.5% I mentioned earlier. And in the quarter, that resulted in a 48% payout. We still have repurchase authority of 4.2 million shares. We didn't do any repurchases in the first quarter but we have given notice to redeem our convertible debt, which is likely to result in those investors converting those shares in common and increasing our flows by a small amount.  We are still very conscious about flows since we've been included in the S&P 500. We want to continue to meet the criteria which got us included. And at the same time, we would like to begin repurchasing shares at a minimum of our anti-dilutive, and we're going to seek the opportunity to buyback shares in ways that won't materially disturb our flows. We don't have any plans for material M&A or investments that would be dragged. And believe me, we don't want to have idle assets on our balance sheet over extended periods of time.  So wrapping up, the first quarter is indeed the growth story. We entered 2011, delivering double-digit earnings growth, fueled by top line revenue growth. We delivered a healthy margin, generated substantial cash flow and returned a large portion of that cash flow to shareholders. We feel great about our business model. We feel very strongly that we are well-positioned strategically, relative to the global plan, and that is already reflected in our pipeline and gives us great confidence in our future growth opportunity. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Ann Marie. As we reflect on our first quarter, it became very evident to me that BlackRock has come together as one firm. Cultural and business integration from our BGI merger is totally behind us and our success this past quarter and in the beginning of the second quarter, demonstrates that our business momentum is accelerating. BlackRock's broad range of products, our worldwide business footprint, our solutions in risk management approach to our clients' needs, have allowed BlackRock to serve our clients with more opportunities enlarge and enhance our client relationships.  As BlackRock feels more comprehensive relationships with our clients, we are expanding our product offerings, both in Beta and Alpha and more investment solutions. Our relationships are becoming larger and more substantial with many, many of our clients worldwide.  As Ann Marie stated, our earnings were $2.96, up 24% year-to-year strictly driven by organic long-dated asset growth, beta obviously. But more importantly, by our expanding product mix. And also as we said at the end of last year, by what we are seeing more frequently re-risking by our clients moving into equities and moving into alternatives. And BlackRock is playing a larger role in that than we've ever done before. And this is leading to revenue growth of 14% year-to-year.  And I should note, unlike so many other financial institutions who are recording, our earnings growth is fueled by revenue growth. A 100% of our revenues is driven by client business Ann Marie spoke about that. Our business model is not going to change. We'll use our balance sheet only to co-investment with our clients and seed products. We are not using our balance sheet to compete. And importantly, we intend to use all excess cash flows, in the form of dividends, and as Ann-Marie spoke about, to buyback shares when it's -- especially the shares that are being created for employee plan. And as Ann Marie spoke about, we didn't raise our standby credit facility. If there's any events that need us to take advantage of opportunities and repurchasing shares.  Let me review our quarter. Our headline at AUM is $3,648,000,000,000. This has been led principally by our multi-asset class product growth, which grew by about $22.4 billion. Which $6.8 billion of it is in our fiduciary assignments and $16.8 billion of growth in our Defined Contribution business, principally through our LifePath products. And we continue to have more and more opportunities working with our clients in these products whether it is LDI, and/or just more complex relationships and having beta and alpha. And as I said, it is increasing product mix that isn't global -- that is global allows us to have a much more comprehensive relationship in terms of asset allocation, mixes of products, how does one look at the risk and how should one design a portfolio run-on liabilities.  One of our most important jobs for the future is going to be a continuation of building our brand. We need to continue to build our brand recognition worldwide. This is going to be a big and aggressive campaign over the next five years. We believe this will demonstrate the growth of the platform and it will allow us to continue to grow worldwide. I have to emphasize worldwide growth although we are still seeing tremendous growth in the United States but as the world continues to grow faster outside the United States in parts of Asia and South America, we continue to build up that platform. It has to be away from dollar-based assets, so there has to be more in local currencies. And in doing so, we need to continue to build out that brand and the brand recognition as we expand our footprint worldwide.  A good indication of how our brand recognition is being enhanced and also a good indication of the ability to grow in multiple channels, I'd like to highlight our retail channels in the first quarter. In terms of long-term asset growth, our U.S. retail platform and long-term assets grew by $7.4 billion. Our international retail channels and long-dated assets grew by $6.3 billion, so a total of close to $14 billion in terms of assets in the first quarter. I should also note, fixed income long-term assets grew $8.5 billion and equities, getting back to the re-risking, grew by $10.5 billion in the first quarter.  In our iShares products, we continue to see very good momentum. And if you look at a year-over-year type of growth to the fourth quarter, generally is a sometimes low to no growth, after expanding growth in the fourth quarter. And if you add our growth in April and our growth April to date and our growth in the first quarter, it's over $12 billion. And it includes the iPath products. We are growing in every product in our iShares platform, except our emerging equity markets ETF. This is where we actually had bad tracking error last year. I am pleased to say that it has been fixed. We put a lot of emphasis on it. And in the last few weeks, we have begun to see a reversal from outflows to a multibillion-dollar inflows in that product.  So the first quarter for our iShares product was strong and we continue to believe there's going to be more and more opportunity. What's interesting to note and we said this in the fourth quarter, but we're seeing it even more so in the first quarter, I do believe ETF flows is a good forward indicator of where asset allocation is going. And we began to see a shift out of fixed income into equities at the beginning -- in the third quarter last year, but that's accelerating. And we are seeing actually more growth now in equity ETF than we did in fixed income. So this is another example to us that clients are re-risking and why, I think I've been probably talking about why we believe equities will continue to rally.  Long-term flows, as Ann Marie stated, grew by close to $35 billion. This has been offset by an outflow of $24 billion in our Cash Management business. Our flows are representative of the industry. With the shortage of short-term treasuries, we see rates below five basis points. This is a business that will continue to flounder during these low rate environments. We are constructive about it. We, actually, in the first quarter of those soft flows -- positive flows in the institutional side and we saw very large negative flows more in the retail side.  And so we are building our market share in terms of institutional and it's not representative with our growth of $24 billion in our outflows in cash. But we are building market share institutionally and we are certainly seeing some substantial line downs in the retail side. And much of this is because in many cases, the retail platforms are migrating from money market funds to bank deposits. Bank deposits are higher in yield in money market funds, even at a time when banks are having a little success in terms of C&I loans, they're may be using the deposit for buying short-term treasuries or mortgage securities, but they're willing to pay more than money markets can afford.  So that trend is not going to change anytime soon. And so this is going to be an area that will have a drag on our flows, albeit this is low-fee business, and what I'm trying to stress is the revenue from the very, very high-fee businesses that we are demonstrating.  In addition, as Ann Marie suggested, in our BlackRock Advisory business, BlackRock Solutions, we are paying to our clients the principal paybacks in interest. And so as you witnessed now in the last few quarters, a decay in the Advisory business, this is a little over $4.5 billion a quarter. And once again, this is what we expect will continue. And yet in our pipeline, which I'll talk about in a minute where there is a big win in the Advisory business.  I should talk about merger-related outflows, as Ann Marie suggested, it slowed a little more than $18 billion. We are not going to report merger-related activity again. We believe this is principally over. We are forecasting and telling you that there is, in our pipeline, another $9 billion. But this reporting is over. It will all be net. We believe we can look forward to growth now and we don't see any of the concentration issues that we had before.  Let me just talk about our pipeline. $82.4 billion of pipeline winds. This represents also the netting of the $9 billion of outflows in it. So this is a net number in our pipeline. I'd like to really emphasize one important characteristic about our pipeline, $60.7 billion of that pipeline is long dated. I'm also pretty pleased to say 55% is in beta products and 45% is in active alpha products. So a very strong pipeline of wind in the long-dated products. $6.2 billion was money that left last quarter in the last few days in our money market funds, then it went back into money market funds. And then we did win a $15.5 billion advisory assignment in our BlackRock Solutions business.  Over the last few quarters, we said we're going to be expanding our product mix, especially in alternatives. We have been very active in the first quarter. We brought in a team from NTR for alternative energy. We are adding more single-strategy alternative products. And importantly, we saw over $2 billion of flows in the first quarter in the first week of April. And now I'm pleased to say our total assets in alternative is $115 billion. We are witnessing even more and more demand for alternative products, as clients are looking to continue to re-risk. Some clients are re-risking through bar billing using some beta products. And in some cases using less, maybe, standard active equity strategy and are moving towards more what we would call a more evolved, more higher return active alternative products. So we -- growth continues in that space and we're continuing to make large investments in teams and in our platform in the alternative space.  Ann Marie spoke about the scientific active equity team. I am pleased to say, in almost 80% of our products, we are witnessing positive returns. We still have some negative returns in our U.S. platform, but we are working tirelessly to rebuild the entire platform. We are seeing flows in our SAE business outside the U.S. and we believe this is going to be a much stronger product in the future as so much money has run away in this product, not just from us, from other firms, and we believe the opportunity in that product continues.  We are going to continue to build out our investment teams. That's a big characteristic for the future. We have many -- we've talked to many people, in terms of building out fundamental equity teams and our fundamental fixed income teams. We continue to believe that global credit will become a very large component and we are very active in terms of rebuilding those teams. So despite our success, we are aggressively believing that we need to continue to build out our global footprint, not just in distribution, not just working with clients, but our entire manufacturing platform.  BlackRock Solutions had a very, very strong first quarter. The momentum continues in the second quarter. 12 new assignments. Revenues were strong, a $128 million. We have a large pipeline of opportunities. I should note that we received a lot of attention, and I do believe we did an exceptional job in working with the Central Bank of Ireland in helping them understand the significance of their banking system, and the team who worked tirelessly in working with many -- with our client, the Central Bank of Ireland. But importantly with many other regulatory regimes that are involved.  So we are building a stronger future. We are very constructive on the platform of Blackrock. I believe the first quarter was a very strong one that helped us validate our business model of multiproduct strategies. Our continued and relentless approach to making sure that alpha is the most prominent issue that were faced everyday and the production of alpha, that does not change with growth. That does not change with our scale. But importantly, as we build that alpha, we are going to continue to build out our manufacturing teams. We do believe worldwide, clients are in need of more solution-based answers. We believe the political and economic issues around the world are only raising more questions as to how the clients should think about their portfolio. And we believe we are the best-suited firm in the world in asset management to work with our clients, in terms of solving these complex issues.  Let me just add a few more things as an indicator of the strength and conviction that we have on our platform. We were very aggressive in building out our leadership team in the first quarter. We hired a new head of institutional client service in the U.S. We are aggressively building out our Blackrock Institute. This is a very important issue for us because as we grow our global footprint, as we grow our products worldwide, we need to make sure that we are connecting all this information and then redistributing this information to our portfolio teams, and importantly to our clients. And so we believe this is going to be one of the core cornerstones of BlackRock in the future. Having the Blackrock Institute become the area in which we bring all those information together. Understand what all the information that we are seeing means, it should lead to better alpha production. But importantly, it should lead us to have more complex relationships with our client and helping our clients, in terms of understanding the dynamics of the world.  We announced this week a new head of our real estate platform. We are very excited about this. This is an area that we were embarrassed in 2008, where we actually add this performance in 2010, and we continue to add this performance in 2011. And we are going to build this out, as we believe it is a great asset class, and we are very proud of the changes we're making there. We're adding many more people in our alternatives teams, I mentioned NTR. And I mentioned earlier, we are going to be aggressive and continue to build out our equity, fundamental equity and fundamental fixed income teams.  So in closing, BlackRock is building a stronger global footprint. We're adding products. We see more opportunities. We're very pleased with the position we have with our clients worldwide now. And we're very excited about the future for BlackRock. I just want to thank all the employees for a really good quarter. And especially in terms of -- with all the noise in the world economies and the world political themes. We do believe that regulatory issues are going to be -- will still be with us for many months and years ahead of us and global uncertainty and global volatility is going to be probably more prevalent than we've seen in many years ahead. And having a global footprint, a global platform will allow us to navigate probably a little better than many other people.  And I would like to just thank all our new shareholders who came on board with their offering in November. And I believe your first two quarters of ownership have proven to be successful. And with that, thank you. let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Sue, your first question, I think a lot of the investments, it looks like, given where the pipeline is, it's just starting to pay off. And when you look at, whether it's the international distribution, you guys announced relationship with Mizuho, you mentioned the DC opportunity and you see more and more DB plan shifting. I guess when you look in some of those opportunities and where you are today versus what's still out there? Is there any way you can gauge or size that up, in terms of whether it's market share or -- just how you can continue to sustain the growth? It looks like that you're producing it but just so you can size any of those markets up?
Laurence Fink: You're just as aware as everyone else of the global instability that we're seeing. We believe, on the retail side, on the defined contribution side, to name two areas we have enormous opportunities in the future. I would say only a few years ago we did not have a brand that was well understood or recognized in the retail channels. Each year, we're expanding. And as I said earlier, we need to really invest in that brand to continue to build out those channels to make it easier. We are seeing, worldwide, a distribution platforms limiting the amount of manufacturers that they have. There are one or two big events that is going to happen with some international distributors are going to reduce the amount of fee. Manufacturers, they're going to be working with, we believe, we'll be a part of that in those cases. So we see actually somewhat of a crowding out effect that's going to be happening in the manufacturing space. And what I'm trying to suggest is the large multiproduct platforms are going to grow probably significantly faster than a single-strategy platforms. And so for me to give you a size, Mike, I believe we have just enormous opportunities in those areas. As you said, money is moving out of DB into DC. I think I said this at the end of the first quarter, we believe that trend will accelerate as the public funds are struggling with their defined benefit plans, and they're going to probably shift new employees into defined contribution plans away from the defined benefit plans. So that trend will continue, and I do believe we will be a big beneficiary of all that. And the whole impact of re-risking, as I said publicly many times in the last two quarters, investors are overweighted in fixed income because of fears. Underweighted in equities. And we believe having our beta products and our expanding alpha products in equities, we'll allow us to have more opportunities with more clients. Sue, do you want to add anything?
Susan L. Wagner: No. I'm just going to say, Mike, on the institutional side, I really don't think we think about it as a market share problem [indiscernible]. I think it's about the value-added services and the way we work our clients. So I think there -- while it may well be the case that our overall AUM continues to grow, and we certainly would expect that. In addition, we think that over time, the revenue mix moves, as we work with clients strictly around our bar belling and longer-term investment strategies like multi F class solutions that Larry has already talked about.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one follow-up on the -- just when thinking about the margin. I think one of the things that everyone always focuses on, and this isn't just for you guys, but any type of passive products you tend to do to have lower fees, so you have a down or turning fee rate over time if the passive industry is growing faster than active. But if you can give any sense of what the incremental cost structure is on the passive, in reverse to the active side or the incremental margin, just so we can kind of say, "All right, we can see the fee trend in that product area." But I guess, some type of a cost base or the incremental just so we can try to gauge the margin over time that even though the fees can -- declined, the margin can still...
Laurence Fink: Fair question. Ann Marie?
Ann Petach: Yes, when we think about that inside of any in-depth investment, it is a little bit like the cash business in that we really don't have to have a lot of resources, as you have billions of dollars of assets of coming in. So when you think of new business coming in, you can think of that coming in at an accretive margin, that is very positive despite low fees.
Laurence Fink: But we don't segment or report on. I mean, I think, off-line Ann Marie can give you more color.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Laurence Fink: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just first here on capital management. Just want to make sure we did the math right. So kind of in the second quarter, we should think about really some debt conversion, maybe some comp-based stock issuance. But you also have a cushion related to the passive constraint, the flow constraint. Should we expect though a net increase in stock in the second quarter?
Ann Petach: No. No, I don't think there's going to be a material change.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay.
Laurence Fink: Well, it is our objective. I would say, we clearly hope that we will be reducing that, the outstanding. That we are going to start -- so we are purchasing some of the employee plan. What Ann Marie has said in her speech is we have to be conscious of the hurdles that we have with S&P. We do not want to break any of those issues and we will be very mindful of that, but we do have room.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it. I just had a second question...
Laurence Fink: So there's much necessity.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: So just the second question here. When we think of the advisory AUM's and the solutions business, how should we think of the medium lineage in your business here. Specifically in terms of kind of scheduled redemptions and also the economics of this business. Should we see a step-up in revenue as we help dispose some of these assets? And then, what's the economics in terms of the fee rate?
Laurence Fink: Anything I do with the Federal Reserve I can't even talk about. And that's a requirement with our relationship there. As I said, in a macro way about BlackRock Solutions, our business is very strong. The opportunities are large. We had a very strong first quarter, and we expect the second quarter to continue to be strong.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Okay, in terms of capital management, how much capital do you think you need to actually run the business against the north of $3 billion free cash flow number that you're generating per year?
Ann Petach: Well, we're not going to answer that question specifically, but we do. And I think this is a positive for us in the business if we do have a certain amount set aside and the close will risk the regulatory purposes, and that's certainly the core foundation.
Laurence Fink: As you know, Bill, we have -- we will have opportunities to continue to raise our dividends aggressively and/or if when we have those opportunities that will prevail in repurchasing shares subject to paying attention to the S&P hurdles.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Got you. Okay. And second question, just in terms of the broad discussion on margins. I certainly appreciate the accretive nature of the passive business. But when you sort of think through the AUM build against your discussion here about in terms of branding over the next five years and the decision to boost focus on alpha and then the headcount additions associated with that, any sort of thoughts, sort of the baseline view on the adjusted margin and those 39% just probably held up a lot better than people anticipated? But as you look forward to more normalized or sustainable basis, what's the reason?
Laurence Fink: I think I said at the end of the first -- at the end of the fourth quarter, our objective to have a margin of over 40%. And that has not changed. And so as we continue to invest in people, in brand and product, we are mindful of where we believe our margins should go. But if we see a massive opportunity, I will invest in that. I'm not here to tell you there's anything that is unusual that we're going to be investing in right now that is going to change my views of margins. But I will not foresake what I could say accelerated growth for up to 1/4 margins, if that was the case. But I know what my target is. We are mindful of it everyday as leaders. And we are managing our investments accordingly.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And just one last one, I know this is probably to be determined, but any incremental cost and sort of systematic risk? Your company continues to be sort of a primary focus as given the growth of the, AUM, but any thoughts there in terms of what it might mean to the business if any -- at this point?
Laurence Fink: I think, that Financial Times had a really good story on designation. And it basically alluded to, and I'm citing the article not my opinion, but I think it has merit. It cited that in most cases, most of the members of this committee believes specific designation should remain with leveraged companies. It should be small and if that criteria carries the day, we would not be designated as one. There was another competing view that there should be 50 firms in that article. And it kind of alluded to, that was a very minor, minority position. But the article is already two weeks old so it is dated. But from my indications and our conversations with Belgium and Washington and London, I don't think at this time, we would be a systemically important institution under that definition, that is prevailing at the moment. Of course the definition may change. I'm trying to dance around it, Bill, as you can see.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Good job. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr with Nomura.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Just curious, I met with a private equity firm recently, they're called Basel III, the private equity and asset manager, Christmas tree, alluding towards certain banks not being able to hold certain assets and that just the regulatory arbitrage. I think you have spoken about them in the past. Just curious if you are seeing asset movement. I do see some options out there for some assets and how BlackRock might play a role on that?
Laurence Fink: Yes. And there's no question. I actually had a conversation with a leader of a large institution and they're looking at capital management and our solution team is going to be visiting them next week on things of that nature, of helping them in asset sales and how to look at their capital base. I mean don't give them advice in terms of when and what to raise in terms of equity because we're not an underwriter, but we are working with institutions. As we think about Basel III in terms of how should they be looking at their assets. So that's a -- no question, the big opportunities that we see for our Advisory business. And in addition, this is one of the reasons why we are a little more aggressive than I thought we would have been in terms of building on our alternative spaces. There's other firms that we're in areas that are not considered proper under Dodd-Frank. We are re-looking at different types of alternative activities including private equity. And so we do believe it is an opportunity. I would call it Christmas tree because you still have to perform. But I would call it added opportunities for asset managers and certainly for Blackrock.
Glenn Schorr - UBS: Okay, fair enough. And apologies if I missed this, but do you disclose the remaining size of the scientific equity book, both either total or U.S. just so we can understand what potential headwinds might still be there in the short term?
Laurence Fink: No, we don't. We don't do that at segment reporting. But I don't believe there's not much headwind left. I mean there are some in the U.S. area, but as I said we are seeing growth in the non-US.
Glenn Schorr - UBS: Okay, cool. And final one, any directional comment, I know it's tough to get too specific but anything regarding what seems to be an ongoing discussion with the banks on reps and warranties and potentials settlement there?
Laurence Fink: Well, it's an active dialogue that we're having and my General Counsel is looking at me, because there are active dialogues right now. I'm going to have my General Counsel smile now than I can't talk about it.
Glenn Schorr - UBS: All right. Thanks very much.
Laurence Fink: But I can tell you it's active right now. And so let's leave it at that.
Glenn Schorr - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Quick question. I know Larry, you talked at length about the goal to expand the business globally. When I -- one thing that will be helpful for me, at least, will be to get a little bit more color on kind of how you think of your global footprint at this point in broad terms? I mean, if I look at the inflows, very strong in the U.S., positive in other regions, but substantially less so. So can you maybe kind of put some color around whether it's AUM mix or client mix? How to look at the footprint maybe right now?
Laurence Fink: Well, one thing I can say because we're expanding our flows in retail internationally and the leader higher-fee businesses in the U.S. Well, I think some of the flows internationally were skewed by some events in Japan. The circumstances around Japan with the tsunami, nuclear problems and the earthquake, we have witnessed outflows from Japan and that's skewing some of our international flows. The Japanese have bought back money. I think this is one of the reasons why we are seeing maybe weakness in the dollar recently. And so, I think our numbers internationally are skewed by some of that. But we believe over the long run, and this is just an investment for the future as GDP grows, as savings grows, opportunities will prevail. And so you're right in asserting that we're still seeing more growth in the United States, that's a fact. We are witnessing more growth now in South America and the opportunities we have there. And we believe we're going to have more opportunities in Europe as our brand continues to grow, especially in the retail side. But Asia flows are slower than we would like. But we believe we need to continue to build out Asia to take advantage of future opportunities.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Maybe a follow-up question on the merger-related outflows. Understanding, that they've been thankfully starting to curtail and looks at this point a little bit pipeline there's they're pretty modest, if you want to use that word. But is it possible, I'm just curious if there's any kind of color around which client-set where you saw most of the merger-related outflows from? Is there any with the certain investor profile, U.S. domestic pensions more so than sovereign wealth? I'm just trying...
Laurence Fink: Yes, it was predominately pension. It was predominately pension both U.S. and non-U.S. where we had both large relationships, both legacy BGI, legacy Blackrock had a large relationship. And that's where the flows were. It was not sovereign wealth. It was not insurance. It certainly is not retail. It was pension funds worldwide. And as we are trying to telegraph, most of it is in index. Some of it was related to what we knew when we did the merger scientific on the equity side. And so that's where it is and that's the remaining block is another -- is the institutional. So that's where we are.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And those are all my questions. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. Thanks. Larry, on the Multi-asset Class business. It looks like the fees in that business maybe you continue to comment a little bit, at least on the surface. Can you talk a little bit about how you're sort of pricing some of the fiduciary outsourcing mandates. And then also is there some seasonality may be in this period for the DC business or are you gaining -- is it really about share gains on the secular basis that passes making at the expense of maybe some active target day funds?
Laurence Fink: Well, I think, we don't see any fee pressure in that area. I think what you're seeing is a very large DC allocation and DCs lower fees in some of the fiduciary outsourcing and some of the other products. And so as I told you, we had some very large wins in DC and that's where the fees are smaller. In terms of our growth in DC, I think we have we are picking share because we have some really innovative products in our LifePath products and we just rolled out a new really strong product in our target date and LifePath products that we're starting to see some real accelerated opportunities there. But I think it's fair to say, the defined contributions, there's a lot of flows in the beginning of every year. And I think that's a seasonal component. That's when people will generally change their defined contribution plan at the beginning of each year. Unless there's some serious issues, the first quarter, generally, a quarter of a lot of change from different managers in the defined contribution plans. And I think we've picked up share in the first quarter.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just on relationship to fees on some of the institutional fiduciary outsourcing mandates say you're winning in multi-asset class management. Are you seeing more of a pickup in incentive than performance fee AUM? And I don't know if Ann Marie, maybe you can give us some perspective on how much of your assets are set to sort of earn annual or quarterly performances?
Ann Petach: No. We don't really breakout of those assets. I don't think we've seen a material shift in the way that we are working together with clients, and that's the trend we watched. So again, Mark, where you have the greatest transparency is thinking about the alternatives, but what we don't break out for you are those separate accounts and long-dated assets eligible.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Laurence Fink: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, Ms. Petach, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Once again, I just would like to thank everybody for their commitment to the firm. Once again, as some of the employees are on the phone call, I want to thank all the employees for another good quarter and a lot of hard work. I'll talk to everybody at the end of the second quarter. Have a good one.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ann Petach - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Laurence Fink - Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Connolly - Senior Managing Director and General Counsel
Analysts: Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. William Katz - Citigroup Inc Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Roger Smith - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Connolly: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly, I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry, Ann Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements.  I'll now turn it over to Ann Marie for her first comments. Thank you.
Ann Petach: Good morning, everyone. This morning, we are reporting record as-adjusted fourth quarter earnings of $3.42 and record full-year earnings of $10.94. I'd also like to welcome to the call our new shareholders. In December, Bank of America and PNC sold about 59 million shares or about 30% of our total shares outstanding into market. As a result of that transaction, now over 50% of our shares are owned by shareholders other than our three strategic investors. Looking at our results, we had strong results. They reflect strong product performance, as well as strong markets. We're beginning 2011 with the merger-related issues and outflows largely behind us. Just a comment on that noise a little bit more, we do have $14 billion of merger-related outflows still sitting in the pipeline. The majority of those were in the prior pipeline. So what is reflected is more the timing of the withdrawals rather than the pipeline containing a lot of new notifications. We still have a handful of clients with known concentrations concerns. If those materialize, we'll call them out when they happen.  But it's important to note of the concentration issues, those outflows have been at very low single-digit basis points, so have not had a material effect on revenue. With respect to our quantitative product, the performance on the scientific asset equity products have turned positive and competitive since Ken Kroner [ph] took over the leadership of that product. It'll take some time to fully repair the medium and longer-term track records. So it'll just be noise we have to watch there as we repair that track record.  The total pipeline stands at $73 billion. That includes $61 billion in long-dated assets and that is net of the merger-related items. The rest of my remarks I'm going to walk through the supplemental slides. And I'll be talking about as-adjusted earnings. If you move to Slide 1, operating earnings in the fourth quarter were $962 million. That's up 31% compared to the third quarter. Net income was $670 million, and EPS was $3.42. Both of those are up 25% compared to the third quarter. Moving on to the full year, operating earnings of $3,167,000,000 and net income of $2.1 billion were both more than double 2009. EPS of $10.94 was up 53% compared to 2009. And if we look at the 2009 results and if the BGI transaction had taken place on January 1 and so on comparing them to pro forma results, our operating earnings were up 22%, and the net income was up 37%. Moving on to the third slide and taking a look at our operating margin. The full-year operating margin came in at 39.3%. That's up 1.1 points compared to a year ago. It's up 2.5 points compared to the pro forma 2009 results. The fourth quarter margin came in at 40.7%. That does reflect both the strong performance fees in the quarter, as well as the benefits of market flowing through into our margin. Not shown on the page, our compensation-to-revenue ratio came in at 34.8%. This is the low end of the range of what we've been running for the last several years with the money in the 35% zone. It is down almost a half a point from our 2009 margin and really is consistent with our focus of really the benefits of Beta flowing through to our shareholder.  As we begin 2011, we were very confident in the ability to grow the top line as well as our confidence in our margins. We plan to continue to speak efficiencies in our business and to realize the benefits of scale. At the same time, we plan to invest in growth opportunities. We've got a lot of strength; the roadshow gave us the opportunity to get out and dialogue with our shareholders about the external environment and how our capabilities lined up with that environment to be able to really service our clients. With that, we are confident in our ability to grow iShares and retail platforms, Defined Contribution platforms, BlackRock Solutions, Asia, multi-asset class strategy and alternatives.  On the next slide I'll talk about markets, which are also contributing to growth in margins. So moving on to Slide 4, you can see that average 2010 markets were up about 20% compared to average 2009 markets. 2010 year-end market actually were -- closed the year about 10% higher than the average 2010 market. That means we've got positive tailwind coming into 2011, and that's before considering the positive markets we've seen so far in January. Moving on to Slide 5. Our total earnings of $3.42 were composed of operating earnings of $3.35 and non-operating earnings of $0.07. The operating earnings improved $0.74 compared to the third quarter. The non-operating earnings included $45 million of positive marks on our co and seed investment portfolio. The level of those positive marks, however, was a little bit lower than the level of positive marks we had in the third quarter.  The full year as-adjusted tax rate came in at 33%. That is down from the third quarter year-to-date tax rate of 33.5%. The half a point decrease in the tax rate reflects some international tax benefit associated with the late December extension of U.S. legislation, which had been due to expire. The half point benefit resulted in about an $0.08 improvement in earnings compared to if we had, had the 33.5% tax rate. We do expect the bulk of these benefits to carry into 2011. All other things being equal, that means we have the same mix of earnings, no other tax legislation changes and no big news on tax resolution. The 2011 tax rate will be likely a little bit higher than 2010 to in the same range. Moving on to Slide 6. Total revenues for the quarter came in at $2.5 billion. That was up 19% or $400 million from the third quarter. Important part of the increase came from performance fees, which were up $212 million from the third quarter. As with the stock, the fourth quarter is our primary quarter for loss even comparing to the fourth quarter of 2009, performance fees are still up $73 million, reflecting improving performance across a number of our funds.  The absolute level of performance fees was $326 million and included a $128 million of fees really associated with relative performance, as well as $188 million of fees that we earned on our alternative products, reflecting strong absolute performance in those products, and that does include our really large hedge fund GMSP. I'll remind everyone that we have very few funds that have performance fee measurements in the first quarter. I'm going to talk about base fees later, so just to mention briefly on the BRS revenues that came in at $132 million for the quarter. The increase of $32 million from the prior quarter reflects the completion of 20 advisory assignments. We've got a lot of active interest in our BlackRock Solutions, the strongest interest that we've ever seen. We do have some interesting things in the pipeline, including the publicly noted assignment from the Central Bank of Ireland. Moving on to Slide 7, which outlines our expenses. Expenses of $1.5 billion for the quarter were up 9% or $176 million from the third quarter. Just want to put that in the context of the revenue increase of 19% and that’s even with expense increases we saw those improvements in margins that I talked about earlier. Now about $80 million of the expense increase related to AUM in revenues, the biggest single component there related to incentive comp, which closely links to revenue of course. We also had $96 million of increases in G&A expense. We did in the fourth quarter make a $20 million contribution to a charitable fund account for the first time. That's something we'd like to continue to do over time.  Also in the fourth quarter, there was a one-time assessment to the U.K. asset management industry, our share of which was about $20 million. We did see some increases in marketing of about $17 million and professional fees of about $13 million, and the rest of the expenses are small movements across many items. Moving on to base fees on Slide #8. Base fees came in at $1.951 billion. That was up 9% compared to the third quarter. We saw improved revenues across all of our long-dated asset classes and was part driven by favorable markets. I would note that of our merger-related outflows, there was one outflow of $24 billion that was out about a half a basis point, so had very little effect on revenue. Whereas our $28 billion in net new, long-dated assets came in at closer to our average basis point realization across our whole portfolio, so it contributed positively to revenue.  Moving on to Slide 9 and non-operating results. Non-operating results came in at $20 million. That is $45 million of investment gains on our co and seed that I mentioned earlier. Those were gains across all asset classes in the portfolio, offset partially by $25 million of interest expense on our debt that we put on associated with the BGI acquisition. The investment portfolio stands about at $1 billion. It's largely consistent with the third quarter. And just to remind everyone, we do not do any proprietary vesting. Those are all co and seed investment to be aligned with our clients.  Moving on to Slide 10, we generate substantial cash flow. We used about $1 billion of our 2010 cash flow to repay short-term debt. In addition, we returned a meaningful amount of cash to shareholders. Our dividend represented about a 38% payout of our earnings. In addition, we repurchased about 900 million shares. That brought our total payout to about 44%. We still have 4.2 million shares of authorization for repurchase. However, we've sort of paused for a little while, at least for now, on those repurchases since the sale by Bank of America and PNC. The reason we’ve paused is we believe that we now meet all of the eligibility criteria to be included in the S&P 500 index. We think an important criterion within that is the degree of public float, and we just think protecting that public float is a important priority at this point in time. I just say we do always and regularly discuss our dividend policy with our board, and you can see our history of dividend across that slide. With that, I'd just like to conclude that 2010 ended up with a very strong year. We're entering 2011 with, again, those merger-related issues and outflows largely behind us and with strong momentum just both in terms of new business and markets. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Let me just add one other thing. Our board regularly reviews our dividend policy in the February board meeting. And it is scheduled, again, for us to work with our board to come up with a 2011 dividend policy. And so that's one of the opportunities we have going forward in 2011. First of all, let me welcome everybody. I need to apologize in advance. I may have a fit of coughing since I'm in the back end of a cold. It is no indication of my views of the future. So let me just begin and talk about Alpha. Our performance across most of our products were strong. Throughout our integration process, we needed to be assured that we're protecting our portfolio managers from the integration process. We needed to make sure our clients understood that, that our business with them is not going to change, that we are going to make first and foremost, our manufacturing platform or portfolio teams to be uninvolved in all the issues around integration, and I think 2010, looking now backwards, was a success.  Our teams had very strong performance across our equity, our fixed income and our alternatives product area. I do believe that performance now will continue to drive business in 2011. And most importantly, good performance drives good performance fees. And I think some of the messaging that we said in the past few quarters, the importance of good performance, the importance of alternative products truly is now starting to become more apparent in our earnings related to these phenomenons.  I would like to go back to early '06 and parts of '07 where we had as much as 30% of our earnings being driven by performance fees. And obviously, the market setbacks of '08 changed all that. I'm not suggesting our earnings model will ever have that type of strength. But I do believe as clients begin to re-risk, and clients are looking to move from Beta products or even core fixed income products to other products, they're going to entail products that may have some form of performance-oriented fees. And with that, we are going to have, hopefully, large-based performance fees. So we look at this as a great indication of our evolution of our platform. We believe our success in performance fees in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter indicative of that performance and the repositioning of our firm, and it is our strongest intention in 2011 to continue to build out our alternative space, to continue to be working with our clients as our clients are driving more risk positions whether that may be in emerging market product or it may be just a credit product, clients are looking to move away from core fixed income strategies and are looking to move away from some Beta strategies. And I'll get into that a little later, but I think it's important to really focus on that and once again, remind everyone we are going to make this a continuation of our focus for 2011 to continue to build out these alternative products. Let me also reflect on another component of our business, and that is scale. I think now looking backwards, we are now showing the investment world that scale is a virtue. It is a positive. We, obviously, have much negative noise related to concentration issues. As Ann Marie suggested, that is largely behind us, moving away from low-fee products into other types of products where we have greater ability to navigate with our client base.  But most importantly, with our scale and as Ann Marie talked about our free cash flow, no investment firm is investing as much dollars as we are to build a bigger, stronger, more robust platform in which we could provide stronger based Alpha products for our clients and more solution-based relationship with our clients. And so some of the areas that we're really investing in, we're continuing to invest in our investment products, which we'll talk about a little later. We're expanding our platforms regionally in Asia and South America. We're continuing to build out in Europe.  We talked about over the last few quarters the building out of our trading platform, which we believe will have huge benefits for our clients and already our build-out of our capital markets capabilities to win large assignments directly from issuers is very positive for us in terms of building out Alpha for our clients.  I should also state very loud and clear as we build out these trading platforms and as we build out our capital markets capabilities, this is to enhance our connectivity with our clients. This is to find ways to get more product at higher net spreads to our investors. Our business model is not changing. 100% of our revenues will be client-centric business, and so we're building out this platform because we believe scale will be a virtue, and we believe throughout 2011, that will continue to differentiate us.  And in scale, most importantly, we're building out our global footprint to provide more consistent and more varied Alpha and solution-based products. So over the course of 2011, we have a strong emphasis in building our products in Asia, both credit and in equities, emerging market equities. As I said earlier, we continue to build out our alternative products, and we believe that will be one of the drivers for us in 2012 and 2013.  We continue to believe we are differentiated by our multi-asset class products, our BMAX products. Yesterday, we announced we hired Nancy Everett, who was a CEO of Promark, which was the General Motors pension plan. And prior to that, she was the Head of the Virginia retirement plan. She will be running our U.S. fiduciary business, a part of this multi-asset category platform. And so we believe this will continue to be an area where we invest.  Another area of real growth for us in 2010 that is already been validated in our pipeline and wins already and that's the defined contribution area where we believe more and more money will be moving away from defined benefits and defined contributions. I do believe over the course of 2011, as state governments starting to tackle their tremendous deficit burdens, one of the outcomes will be most probably the restructuring of their plans for new employees that will be predominantly Defined Contribution plans. And so we believe DC will become a larger and larger driver.  We also believe because of the retrenchment of costs, many more public plans, maybe the smaller ones, will be looking to do more fiduciary outsourcing, which is why we have Nancy here. So we do believe there's going to be quite a bit of changes as a result of public plas, public state plan, need to restructure because of the tremendous state burdens with their deficits. And we hope to be taking advantage of that because of our scale, because of our multi-asset class product and capabilities, because of our Beta capabilities and our Alpha capabilities. And so our theme for 2011 continues to be Alpha generation. But Alpha generated connected with a solution-based relationship with our clients as more and more clients are going to be looking for help. As good as the equity markets were in 2010, the problem for most public plans and private plans was their liabilities because of rates being lower in most cases, if not all cases, the deficits for many of these plans were actually increased because liabilities changed more than even the nice asset growth that so many plans experienced. And so needs for solution-based relationships is becoming more and more a necessity and having the breadth and the depth that BlackRock has is very important.  Let me just touch on as I reflect in 2010, the merger integration, largely completed. We spent a great deal of time in the early part of the year and in terms of evolving our culture, which is still a multiyear project but I think we've done a great job in that.  In June, we refined our organizational structure, our governance model. And after we announced all that, I think it's no surprise to the leadership of BlackRock that's when we begin to see more and more momentum as you reflect backwards. And looking at our business opportunities we saw in the third quarter and most questionably the business opportunities we saw in the fourth quarter going into 2011, it has much to do with the enormity of restructuring the platform, of tackling the integration of our two great firms into one, building a strong unified culture worldwide, building that one BlackRock brand and culture. I think so much of that is behind us, and we're starting to see that in so many ways obviously, including in terms of our business momentum.  I need to put a caveat on. We still have one more year left in terms of technology integration. We still have many redundancies because we are still operating in many cases in multiple platforms. We are on track to finishing the technology integration by end of this year. So we feel very strong about the opportunities we have related out in 2012 in terms of margins, but we still have many more milestones this year to accomplish and making sure that the full integration in terms of our technology, our infrastructure is complete. And I would like to also say this remains to be a burden.  We just completed an employee survey where our employees still want to have more connection and until we have the technology conversion completed, having as much connection, multi-product connection across products, across regions is still not where we wanted to take it. And so the employees are listening. This is going to be a big milestone as we finish our technology conversion, and we'll have much greater connectivity amongst all our businesses and regions when we do that. One other thing I'd like to talk about because it's been an irritant to say the least and that is how so many of our competitors, possibly, some publications have talked about turnover at BlackRock over 2010, and I want to say change has been great. We are far better firm today than we were six months ago and most importantly, a year ago. The team in place is as powerful as any team we've ever had. We are very excited about the leadership teams. We are very excited about our product teams, our portfolio teams. And I do believe those changes has been predominantly very strong changes.  I'd like to add one other thing that most people don't focus on. What differentiated BlackRock when we did the Merrill Lynch merger and certainly what's differentiating BlackRock with our BGI merger is we do not do mergers for massive cost take-outs, although we've had huge margin increases from the pro forma of last year, we actually added over 1,000 employees this past year on top of the merger. So we are not a firm in which we are looking to do a dramatic downsizing of people for accretion purposes. I look backwards and talking about the merger for revenue opportunities. And if you go back and reflect on where we thought we were going to be when we announced the merger in June '09 to where we ended up, when we talked about what we thought we could earn in 2010, we exceeded our expectations in the entire market in terms of revenues, in terms of net income. On top of hiring another 1,000 employees to build the platform. And so I just want to address change has been very positive. We've added many people. Overall, as a firm, we had about 6% turnover, which is below industry statistics, and so this is a very important issue that finally I wanted to be public about, but it's very hard to do that when the articles are trying to hurt us, not help us. I would like to talk about branding for a minute. Branding will continue to be a major priority as we expect a larger segment of revenues will be generated from our U.S. and international Mutual Fund business and our iShare business. So we believe our mix of business as our platform grows, as our brand recognition continues to grow, will be from the retail and iShares platforms worldwide. And we need to continue to build out that brand and that brand recognition. And importantly, as we continue to build out our platform in Defined Contribution, it is very important in that space too, in that theoretical institutional space that we drive our brand and this will be a very big priority for us.  And just touching briefly on our flows in retail. I just like to highlight a few things. Our U.S. Mutual Fund business grew by $25 billion last year. Our international Mutual Fund business grew by $6.3 billion. Our iShares business grew by $43 billion. Our retail platform and iShares grew by $74 billion last year. I don't think we get enough attention about the power of our global platform in this space, and I want to congratulate all our teams, our iShares team and our global retail, global mutual fund teams worldwide in having an extraordinary performance.  Let me just highlight a few things about iShares. Our business in Asia-Pacific grew by 33%. Our business in EMEA grew by 16%. Our U.S. business grew by 7%. So this is a Global business. This will continue to grow. We are emphasizing this business worldwide. We believe we have the leadership position. We will continue to have the leadership position, and we expect still very robust competition and some of it, in some cases, our competition's going to beat us. In many cases, we're going to beat our competition. The ETF business will continue to be a strong growth business worldwide, and we believe, especially if the SEC changes the model of the FA business and the Investment Counselor business to a fiduciary model, it's going to have a dramatic impact on the ETF business. It may put a drag on some Mutual Fund business, but I believe BlackRock will be very protected, and BlackRock will be more than enough differentiated even if the model change happens with the distribution channels. So let me just talk about some of our equity and fixed income in alternative products. We are seeing clients re-risk. I would like to just note that we, as a firm, have been more right than most firms in the prognostication of where the markets were going to go in 2010. We never believed in the "new normal." We were always caught talking about a market, a U.S. economy growing three-plus. It did. We were positioned for that, and we had very strong performance in many of our equity products. Our equity dividend product, as more and more people are looking to buy equity dividend products, as fixed income rates are so low. Global Opportunities, Dennis Stattman and team, that crossed the $75 billion mark. We are confident the team is ready for a bigger and larger future.  Our European equity team has gone from strength to strength, bringing in the lion's share of flows internationally in Europe in terms of in the equity mutual fund space and our U.K. teams across the board had a lights-out year. Our fixed income team had a great year and performance with over 75% of our products outperforming their benchmarks. We're seeing strong flows in credit. We had to go anywhere, do anything, mutual fund that we launched mid-last year. It's over $1.2 billion and growing very rapidly with extraordinary good performance -- I think we are the single number one performer in that category. And also I would just like to highlight our strong performance in fixed income, our strong performance in equities, created good performance fees. So once again, there is a linkage between performance and performance fees, and performance fees are just a great indication of performance. Second of all, our alternative products where we continue to grow our fixed income alternative products, our equity performance products, our Global Allocation products, Global Asset had really extraordinary years and we continue to start seeing some real good flows into all those products.  Let me just highlight BlackRock Solutions, which I cited in the third quarter as a business that is continuing to grow. We announced in the fourth quarter we had 20 new assignments. I think that's a record for any quarter. It has been highlighted by our recently announced engagement by the Central Bank of Ireland. This actually is the biggest assignment that we've ever received from any governmental. This is bigger than AIG with the Federal Reserve. This is bigger than what we did with the Bear Stearns. This is a gigantic assignment. We have teams in Dublin. It is a validation more than ever before that our product, our BlackRock Solutions space is world-class, and we are in conversations with other governments with other opportunities right now and helping them navigate the credit crisis and the crisises that we are seeing in the sovereign credit world of Europe. One highlight that I'd like to note also is a major milestone for Aladdin. We crossed the $10 trillion mark in terms of assets that we're analyzing. So if you add the $3.5 trillion of assets that we manage on behalf of clients and the $10 trillion of assets that we are advising on risk management, it is a $13.5 trillion platform. Ann Marie spoke about flows. Our pipeline is a good indication of where we believe our business is going. I'm very pleased with the mix of business going forward and the types of flows that we're seeing with the large preponderance of elongated flows. We continue to believe short-range will reign low and so we're going to have a messy and mixed flows in cash. But one day, rates will go higher. I'm not suggesting any time soon and that business will become even more robust. So let me just talk about margins real quickly. Ann Marie mentioned margins of 40.7 in the fourth quarter. This is something that we talked about over the last few quarters and especially in terms of our equity roadshow that we expected never to expense all Beta and that our shareholders going to benefit as Beta increases in terms of our margins. We showed that in our margins, we showed that in our comp ratios, which I believe is a huge differentiator versus so many financial institutions that have top ratios way in excess of 40%. We are trying to differentiate ourself on that component too.  Regulatory reform is still in front of us. The Federal Reserve will have commentary periods related to systemically important institutions. It may encompass us, it may not encompass us. Whether we are determined a systemically important institution will not change our business model. We are at this moment, still one of the most regulated investment managers in the world by being regulated by the OCC, by the Federal Reserve, by the SEC, by the FSA. So whether we are designated as a systemically important institution or not does not change our business model, does not change our business mix, does not change who and what we are. However, I look forward to if the regulators determine BlackRock and other investment firms should be considered systemically important, we believe if that's what we need to do in our financial system, we welcome it. So it's something that we'll see over the next quarter. And so I just wanted to highlight that because that will be something that will probably be in the marketplace over the next quarter. Lastly, we remain constructive on equity markets. We believe confidence is growing. We believe people or CEOs are beginning to spend their huge backlog of cash. We need to see over the course of the first two quarters if that spend is in the form of hiring, if that spend is in the form of factories and plants and not in the form of stock repurchases and not in the form of mergers or investing outside the United States. Those are going to be important validators in terms of looking at our economy for 2011. We do believe Europe remains to be an area that's going to be in the news as Europe tries to manage their banks and [indiscernible] the sovereign credit issue, which I do believe is totally linked as we saw in Ireland, and I believe that it'll be linked in other countries too.  BlackRock's in a great position to take advantage of the changes in the marketplace. We’re in a great position to take advantage of the opportunities on the global basis, and I welcome, in a very positive way, 2011. I want to thank all the employees for all the hard work. It is -- 2010 looking backwards was a really difficult year and yet the hard work and the perseverance and the teamwork really translated into a really phenomenal quarter, a phenomenal year and a great momentum into 2011.  Let me open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: Larry, just a big-picture question here. As the merger-related flows start to subside here in 2011, how do you expect core organic growth to trend, given your view of investor flight back to risk here. And in prior cycles, I don't know if this is a good comparison but with BlackRock plus the MLIM combo in '06, '07, you're doing at least 5%. Is that a good run rate?
Laurence Fink: Yes. But here's where how I look at it. I'm spending less time, Craig, looking at absolute numbers and looking at composition of businesses. So if our business with some clients translates into products that have higher fees but less assets, I'm perfectly happy with that. With some clients, I know we're going to be doing some very large Beta types of products, and we welcome those too. So I must say, Craig, unlike when we did the MLIM transaction, the definition of flows in the absolute percent is less of a focus for me as the composition and the revenues associated with the composition. But I think 5% is a very good baseline to consider.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crédit Suisse AG: And then in the pipeline guidance, $73 billion, that $13.6 billion kind of planned redemption, was that the same redemption you talked about last quarter where I believe it was a passive equity, very low fee?
Laurence Fink: That's it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: Larry, you talked about broadly the competition in ETF globally. Just wondering if you could maybe touch a moment on pricing trends. That's been a pretty big investor focus point in the last few weeks in particular.
Laurence Fink: I'll let Sue talk about it, give her some time. I got to clear my throat.
Susan L. Wagner: I guess a couple of things. There has been a lot of stories written about pricing trends, and I think our view is that the flows really reflect different issues than pricing. But that's sort of a simple way to talk about things but not really what's driving investor behavior. So from an investor’s perspective, it's more than about an expense ratio, it's about total performance. It's about transaction costs, commission costs, bid-ask spread and for many of the advisers also, about the support they get from an education and client service perspective. When you look at some of the trends in the market, we think that you can have scale benefits due to investors, and you can do some restructuring to improve efficiency and so, for example, we did that last year in gold. There was a recent article about price adjustments in a variety of iShares that was great scale benefits, right? We have scale fee structures, and so those go into effect in the normal course as the products get larger. And investor demand evolves over time and people move, for example, in emerging markets we've seen a pickup in people investing in one individual country fund rather than a broad emerging market. To give you an example of that, last year in the fourth quarter, we had $1.3 billion of net inflows into our Brazil iShares funds against $500 million of outflows in emerging markets. So like any other product, A, it's about performance, B, it's about service and C, investor appetites change from time-to-time, and those are the dominant factors.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: You've taken over a few things around the G&A sequentially. Of that $96 million, if you back out say $44 million, the combined charitable gift plus the regulatory step up in the U.K., other residual $50-some-odd million, how much of that would point to sort of year-end cleanup versus a normalized run rate?
Ann Petach: It was, clearly, a mix of both. So we probably had -- you know we may have had certainly a meaningful percent of that, that was some year-end cleanup, the things I talked about such as marketing. There was some occupancy. The consulting and professional fees were more ongoing in nature, but I would say of the remaining $50 million, there was certainly let's say half of it might have been items that we wouldn't see every quarter.
Laurence Fink: I would just like to add. We believe with the amount of monies we manage for retirement and pension plans, both public and private, and our position as a firm, we have a bigger obligation to be part of different communities worldwide, and this is one of the big reasons why we determined working with our board to start funding towards building a BlackRock Foundation. And this is an important position for us and I think, once again, will differentiate us versus a lot of the other money managers.
William Katz - Citigroup Inc: I think your discussion on free cash flow's pretty well said but just curious, I think the Barclays' percent of ownership unlocks in a month or so. I'm just sort of wondering if you could talk a little bit about contingencies, where would you stand in terms of buyback if that stock were to come up for sale?
Laurence Fink: Well, we have no indication as to Barclays' intentions. From all indications I have, they are very comfortable and happy with that position. Obviously, like the other banks, Basel III is a issue that all banks are going to have to conform and whether that has an impact on Barclays' ownership in BlackRock, you know as much as I do. If there is a change from what I believe there is related to Barclays and Barclays was seeking to sell a portion of it, I would say with our free cash flow, it'd be something that we would most probably purchase a part or all of what they would have for sale and retire it. But I don't want to leave any indication as to if there's anything that we know of in the future because, as I said, the last conversation I had with the leadership of Barclays, they're extremely happy with their ownership.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Larry, a question I have is on the alternative business. I know you’ve spoken of that a lot. In the past year, I mean, that new business there's been kind of flat and maybe against the backdrop where you've seen better capital formation in a lot of the different alternative managers and understanding you had one account less this quarter. But is there anything kind of going on underneath there that's kind of kept the organic growth of those businesses more subdued this year and that we should expect kind of has played out and can start to accelerate next year?
Laurence Fink: Yes, I think the biggest noise was real estate where we knew we were going to have some big outflows in real estate and that offset some big inflows in the other products. So in some of the real estate products, we were not having any really any fees associated. And so from our vantage point, obviously, you can't see it in the gross numbers. We actually had some very good flows. And looking forward, we see a huge book of new business going forward in that. And so we are very excited about our flows in our alternative area. We believe the movements in the real estate area, which in 2011 were in the midst of a whole rebuild is hidden in the noise around the grossing of all the business.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And maybe another question on performance fees. I mean, you did mention that given the growing demand for Alpha products and you could see an increase in more and more product that has some type of performance fee component to them whether absolute or relative. If you were to look at that $70 billion -- the $60-odd billion pipeline, excluding Solutions, is it possible to characterize, I mean, would you see it in that pipeline that there's in the 10%, 20% performance fee type of thing?
Laurence Fink: No. It's lumpy. I mean, I don't know the exact number right now. I mean, Ann Marie could get it offline a little more. But in the pipeline, there is alternatives and global extent and some obsidian and a few other products where I know of some good flows there are going to be coming in the first quarter. So I don't know specifically which ones and where, but we could give you that information offline.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: One last question for Ann Marie. BlackRock Solutions the big jump in revenue I think you mentioned that there were 20 advisory mandates. How much of -- are those kind of ongoing relationships so that's kind of a good run rate? Was some of that kind of an advisory kind of a one-time fee that kind of may roll-off or...
Ann Petach: No. Those that I mentioned were really the completion of assignments. So the timing of those revenues can be a little lumpy based on when assignments are completed. However, when you think about 2011 in total, what we saw in 2010 was a ramp-up in our ongoing recurring business, as well as we've got a lot of new interest in Advisory business. So we're going to see both in 2011 and from quarter-to-quarter, it may vary just because of when an assignment get completed. But I would [indiscernible] a strong mix of both types of revenues in 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Golden Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just another one on the pipeline. Out of the $61 billion in long-dated business that you guys won, Larry, can you just give us a little color on the types of mandates, active versus passive, and also maybe by client type and geography?
Laurence Fink: Yes. Active, I’ve got to go across the board. Active is $23.5 million and passive is what, $37.6 million. And by region?
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, please.
Laurence Fink: So Americas is $23 million, EMEA is $26.5 million, Asia-Pacific is $5 million and advisory is $12 million. That’s all net.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just a little bit broader question I guess on the operating leverage of the model, Larry, in the past, you talked about the 40% being kind of top-end of the range...
Laurence Fink: No. I stopped saying that a quarter ago.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So should we think about I guess with a lot of the integration already coming through at the end of this year 2012 being in a 41%, 42% type of range or?
Laurence Fink: But that's where I don't go any further. I don't like shoring myself in margin. I could promise you margins will have upward bias. If I'm right on where equity Beta will go, our margins will improve accordingly, and it's true. After we do the technology integration there should be step up in margins, but we pay close attention to margins. Margins will have upward bias, whether it's 40.7 or 41.7 or 42.7, I'm not going to hold that to a target because I think we need to see the dynamics in the marketplace. We need to see the competitive pressure related to comp and employment and keeping people. So margins to me are a function that we need to pay attention to obviously, and we do believe there is upward bias to our margin, but I need to look at it in a complete way related to compensation and connecting that with our need for investing, investing in Asia, investing in other areas. So it's pretty complex. And so that's why I don't like being targeted or benchmarked at over a certain margin over the course of the next 12 or 24 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Larry, one question on the Institutional business, just in terms of the outlook. When you are talking to all the clients and even some of the consultants, at what percent did you expect in the industry you'd be shifting out of some of the lower return products in fixed income in cash going into some of the alternative equity spaces? And then for BlackRock, when you look at your product set up, I guess where do you expect to see the most traction and are there any holes, particularly on the alternative side that you can fill in?
Laurence Fink: I really think it's client specific. I don't want to talk about one industry. There is no question clients -- the real issue is where will interest rates be in 12 months. That's going to be an important component as to how clients think about re-risking. With rates being this low, clients and with where liabilities are that's why where interest rates are, that changes their liability, it changes their forecasting in terms of how much re-risking are they going to do, and so I think it's pretty complex to understand it. It's not just where equity markets are going and other products, it’s a function of where will be their liabilities at the end of the year in terms of where the average 10-year corporate rate is. So there is a bias worldwide. These clients, in my mind, are over-weighted in fixed income, over-weighted in cash and in many cases, clients have a systematically under-invested in equity-like products. I believe that there is greater and greater comfort clients are going to start re-risking. But that re-risking could be in the form of some type of multi-asset class strategy that encompasses some Beta but some alternatives. It may encompass utilization of maybe some of our global iShares product and it may be some hedge fund products, and it may be a combination of all that overlaying our Solutions and Aladdin products. So I don't think there's one strategy, and I don't think there's one solution. It really is a function of each client risk needs versus their liabilities.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: And just within fixed income, are there any products given that outlook that can still do relatively well or clients will kind of reallocate to and exit some of the more obvious ones?
Laurence Fink: Well, I think as an industry, we're seeing more and more flows into these go-any-way type of products like our equity Global Allocation product, which is now $75 billion. We're seeing more and more money going, like what we saw equities then, going into fixed income. Some of our competitors have $10 billion, $12 billion products in that. As I said earlier, ours is probably the number one performing product and it just crossed about $1.2 billion and growing very rapidly. So that's where we see movement moving towards. We still believe credit is going to be a good place to be. We actually love mortgages at this level. And so there's many opportunities to make, better returns in treasuries, in fixed income. So whether -- so it really is a function of how much capabilities these institutions have in re-risking. Some re-risking may be just moving from treasuries to credit. Some of them may be moving from maybe Beta strategies to more fundamental active strategies, and many of them will be a combination of all of that plus probably a greater investing in alternatives and more investing outside the United States.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Just one follow-up on the margin. When we think about the flow mix and where you get business, any way that you can kind of, I don't know, put some color around if monies going into more some of the past products in line with just the stronger growth in the industry, how the incremental cost is in a product like an ETF, like an Index product and...
Laurence Fink: We didn't have it in our slides, but we had a big slide in our roadshow talking about the mix. There's no question on ETF and index products, our margins are huge. It’s the highest margin business for us or it's one of the high margin business for us. And so it's a high margins, low fees. The margins on alternative products actually are lower margin for us because the PM share in some of the performance. And so that mix changes dramatically, but no question as money moves into indexes as evidence we saw [indiscernible] would be good flow into indexing in the first quarter in our pipeline, this is very high-margin business for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So the first question in retail and ETFs. If there's a shift out of fixed income into equities, given your market shares and the perspective fees how will that mix shift change? And then...
Laurence Fink: In the mutual fund space?
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's right.
Laurence Fink: One of the greatest failures of BlackRock has been our fixed income mutual fund flows in the last few years compared to our great competitors. We did not benefit like some of our great competitors did in the fixed income flows. And it was a disappointment, and obviously, our performance in 2008 was a chief cause of that. But in the last two years, our performance has been very strong, beating most of our competitors. And so I don't believe if there was a dramatic turnaround out of fixed income into equities would be damaging. We have a much stronger presence in the mutual fund space in our equity products. And so I believe we'd be a net benefit if that happened.
J. Jeffrey Hopson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then on the institutional side, obviously, over the past few years, even the last year, institutional clients a lot of problems and they don't seem to be sure of what they need or want to do. Would you say that they're more engaged right now and potentially more active in taking action whatever that action might be?
Laurence Fink: Well, always in the first quarter there are always much more action or at least hope of potential for action. We're doing a number of roadshows, seeing our U.S. clients and trying to talk to them. I saw our largest institutional state plans last week. And as they think about what they're planning to do in 2011 later this week, I'm seeing two of the largest state plans. Again, we're trying to get in front of our clients. I'm spending more time with our institutional clients here in the states to find out what they're trying to do. I don't think clients are necessarily confused as much as -- it's not just the asset side they're struggling with. They're also struggling with are they getting funding from their corporation? Are they getting funding from their state? How much is their drawdown? So one of the clients, the clients I saw earlier this week. They have a 12% or 13% increase in their plan, but their state did not fund them. And because of demographics, they had more outflows than they had in terms of performance and participant contribution. So the corpus actually shrunk. And so this is a dilemma that we think we're going to see more and more of. This is one of the reasons why these plans are going to have to say “should we be re-risking now or should we -- how do we address this issue of a depleting corpus?”. These are serious issues, and so I think it's going to be very individualistic depending on the issue related to their funding sources as to how they are going to restructure their balance sheet, their assets. So it's not just uncertainty around the global competent markets, it is also the uncertainty around their funding sources.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Spahr with CLSA.
Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Given your change in AUM mix, actually, let me take a step back. Can you tell me what your AUM mix by region is as of year-end?
Laurence Fink: Yes. Why don't we get that offline with Ann Marie? I mean, we have all that stuff.
Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: In that context, I mean, what do you think the effective tax rate will be, say, in 2012 and beyond then?
Laurence Fink: That's Ann Marie.
Ann Petach: Yes, it's hard to say 2012 and beyond because, I mean, it's hard to give you a good sense of 2011. I think if we were to use cards to forecast geographic mix of earnings as well as what will happen and perhaps with inflation, but I mean I think we're trying to give you a pretty good confidence around a reasonable tax rate for 2011, and we don't know where we are, maybe up a little but in that zone.
Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then regarding expenses, do you guys expect any pickup in IT spending this year or is that going to be leveling off?
Laurence Fink: We are going to continue to spend like we did last year, and a lot of it, because we have redundancies in some of the positions as we roll everything onto Aladdin, which will be completed by this year. So there’s no change from what we said in our third quarter.
Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then finally, I think you touched upon this before but just again, reducing friction within the trading platforms say the broker relationships, I mean, is there any way we can kind of crack that as investors and analyst and how is that going to fall to the bottom line? Is it just going to show up in greater market share and...
Laurence Fink: It hopefully shows in performance by reducing friction cost. That's the objective. Hopefully, clients will appreciate that. Clients do measure our friction cost, so if we can find ways to reduce our friction cost and differentiate ourselves, hopefully that shows up not just in Alpha but it shows up in flows.
Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And is that already working or when do you expect that timing?
Laurence Fink: No, that's being rolled out sometime this year. I mean, we're spending a lot of money that's in our G&A right now, so we're spending a great deal of money in building that because we do believe this will be a good differentiator in the future.
Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So sometime in the second half or so?
Laurence Fink: Yes, I would say the second half. Certainly not the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Smith with Macquarie.
Roger Smith - Macquarie Research: The first question, how often do you speak to Barclays?
Laurence Fink: I'm sure my trading guy does it hourly. How often I personally speak to leaders at Barclays, I would say it's very periodic and sometimes quite often. I actually had a nice conversation with Bob yesterday. But Bob Diamond is on our board. So I update him as a board member. And so it's a very positive strong relationship, and we are confident we are going to have a strong robust relationship in 2011.
Roger Smith - Macquarie Research: And then I guess I want to make sure I understood when you were talking about the pricing pressure in ETFs where as they grow there's bigger break points. Should I then naturally think that over time that the fee per AUM in that business will come down? Or is there really different products in there that are growing and offsetting those break points?
Laurence Fink: Yes, and yes.
Ann Petach: Exactly. If we reach those break points, it’s good news. Revenues are going up, and we're delivering scale benefits to clients. In addition, there are a lot of platform that are smaller sized but [indiscernible] very nicely. So revenue makes it attractive, and our revenue share as opposed to our market share at AUM those are very, very strong industry leaders but keep an eye on both.
Laurence Fink: I would also argue if we saw a change in investor appetites in fixed income to equities, our ETF platform was a very strong leader in ETFs, fixed income ETFs as a leader of equity ETFs, I think that would change the fee make-up too.
Operator: At this time, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, Ms. Petach, do you have any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: No. I just want to thank everybody, and welcome all our new investors. And I would like to also welcome our new board member, Adam Soderbergh, to the BlackRock family. Thank you, everyone. Talk to you in a few months.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Robert Connolly – General Counsel Ann Marie Petach – CFO Susan Wagner – Vice Chairman and COO Laurence Fink – Chairman and CEO
Analysts:  Robert Lee – KBW Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank Bill Katz – Citigroup Mark Iriazarry – Goldman Sachs Jeff Hoffman – Stifel Nicolaus Roger Smith - Macquarie  
Operator:  Good morning, my name is Christy, and I will by your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated third quarter 2010 earnings teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer Ann Marie Petach, Vice Chairman Susan L. Wagner, and General Counsel Robert P. Connolly.  (Operator Instructions) Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Connolly:
 : Thank you, good morning. This is Bob Connolly, I’m General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock’s actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which list some of the factors, which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to, and does not undertake update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.
Ann Marie Petach:   Good morning everyone. Today we’re reporting record as suggested earnings of $2.75. This is evidence that historical CGIM in BlackRock businesses have come together as one BlackRock. Delivered strong product performance and customer focus resulting in earnings growth. We’ve included some supplemental slides in our earnings release for the first time. I’ll refer to these slides as I discuss the results. And I’ll be talking as usual primarily about as suggested results. Starting with slide 1, third quarter net income was $537 million. Operating income was $737 million, and earnings per share were 2.75. Net income and earnings per share reflected 16% improvement compared to the second quarter, and really giving improvement over time.  Operating income increased 2% compared to the second quarter. This excludes 17 million expense in the third quarter associated with fund 1 class, for 1.2 billion build America bond trust. This is the first closed end fund we were able to do in about 2 years. And I think really is successful traction in the business. Moving on to slide 2. The year-to-date operating margin of 38.7%, looks like early synergy realization, and the initial investment to fund future top line growth. Our 2010 margin has improved over time and exceeds our 2007 margin by 1.3 percentage point. The 2010 margin exceeds the 2009 performer margin by almost 2 points. And this reflects dyssynergies associated with bringing the two firms together. And while we’ve been committed to the margin, we also are committed to achieving top line growth, and are investing in the future. Including iShare, retail, defined contribution, Solutions, Asia, alternative, and our global trading platform. Our commitment to these and other opportunities gives us confidence in BlackRock’s long-term organic growth prospect. Moving on to slide 3, you can see on the right hand side of this slide, we’ve laid out the 2010 market. I would note that in the third quarter, markets improved as illustrated through movements in the Dow, by really about 10%. At the same time, if you look at the average market in the third quarter compared to the average markets in the second quarter, they are actually down about 2%. This is interesting to reflect on because our base fee’s really reflect average market. So our base fee’s do not yet reflect the full improvement’s in the market, those improvements will begin to be reflected in our fourth quarter results.  At the same time, really our co-investments in our product do get marked on a period end basis. So do fully reflect the market. With that, move along to slide 4. On the right hand side of the slide, you can see our earnings per share of 2.75. Those were composed of $2.61 of operating earnings and $0.14 of non-operating earnings. It’s good to see non-operating earnings for the first time in a little while, compared to non-operating expense. You can see that these improved compared to the second quarter, both in operating improvements of $0.15 and non-operating improvements of $0.23. And also note we reduced the third quarter year-to-date as adjusted tax rate, from 33 ½% to 33 ½% from 35%. This reflects the benefits of favorable tax rulings and resolution of certain tax provisions.  These are ongoing benefits. We expect the full year tax rate to be consistent with the year-to-date rate, and we do expect the ongoing tax rate next year to reflect a full point of this 1 ½ point improvement. The tax adjustments related to the first 6 months of the year, included in the third quarter are about $0.11.  Moving on to slide 5, third quarter revenues of 2.1 billion are up about 3% from the second quarter. Strong investments performance across both absolute and relative return base product resulted in 114 million of third quarter performance fees.  Performance fees improved 64 million from the second quarter explained by an extremely strong performance on the U.K. emerging company fund, and that fund had a third quarter lack. Gains on liquidation of fixed income hedge fund. With all that, it’s worth noting that the fourth quarter is still our primary recorder for performance [inaudible].  BlackRock Solutions and advisory second quarter revenues remain strong at 101 million, that’s down 13 million from the second quarter reflecting the timing of completion of advisory assignments, offset partially by growth and ongoing [Aladdin] revenue.  The pipeline is strong with active interest in Aladdin and advisory services. We’re working on some of the largest claim opportunities with themes, and feel really good about the mix of ongoing business and the continuing opportunities.  Moving on to slide 6, base fees of a billion 794 million remain consistent with the second quarter. Markets and positive net new business contribute to higher revenues associated with fixed income, multi-asset and cash product. While equity revenues were affected by lower fees on security lending, with the end quarter as the peak, and lower average equity market. Moving on to expenses on slide 7, third quarter as suggested expenses were a billion, 355 million. Expenses were up about 5%, but the increases were closely linked to revenue and [inaudible] growth and positive product performance. That performance is then to higher incentive comp. It’s important to note that our comp to revenue ratio for the third quarter at 35.7 remains right in line with our long-term comp to revenue ratio of 35%. The other expense to note is the 17 million of fund 1 class, associated with that build America bond trust that I mentioned earlier.  Finally, I’d note that G&A expense did improve by 15 million driven in part by higher than assumed recovery rate on year-to-date value added taxes.  I don’t have a slide on the non-operating, but the non-operating earnings of 39 million do include 66 million of positive mark on co and seed investments and 27 million of net interest expense. The total value of the investment portfolio stands at a billion or 950 million when you exclude those things that are hedged, or which represents hedges of liability. The increase from the second quarter reflect both strong performance of our product as of September 30, that’s the 66 million of positive marks, and that’s a quad multiple asset category, and the seeding of two new funds. We see that a new U.S. retail fixed income products a floating rate income fund, and a new [inaudible] called Value Credit Partner. We’ve already seen assets flowing into both of these products, we’re confident that these new funds will be a good opportunity for our clients.  As I’ve said before, we do not run any proprietary investments, but rather invest alongside our clients or feed new products as required for the base business.  Moving on to slide 8, we generate substantial cash flow, and we turn a meaningful amount back to shareholders. We’ve done this consistently over time. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 900,000 shares, about $140 million and that is out of our 5.1 million share authorization. We are well positioned to benefit from business trends, and well positioned for future growth. Our client appreciation for our business model and the products which we offer them, is reflected in our $46 billion price line which Larry will discuss in a moment. A broad diversity of investment products in which management tools, allows us to support client’s needs and position us well to expand our client base going forward. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink:   Thank you, Ann Marie. Good morning, everyone. During our last quarterly call I updated to our shareholders, the changes we’ve made in our governments model and our leadership changes. BlackRock needed to be prepared to take advantage of changes. In a global capital market, regulatory reform, and the opportunities we have from our historic merger with BGI.  Our third quarter results really illustrated the tremendous opportunities we have in helping our clients deal with the tax of low rates. We’re providing advice in portfolio composition by delivering a multi-asset class solution, a risk management solution to our clients. No other firm has the breadth of products utilizing beta and alpha products like BlackRock, and we are in a very strong position to take advantage of these opportunities as clients struggle with this environment. We don’t know of any liabilities that clients are possessing that can be achieved through these low rates. And it’s going to have to be done through construction of a multi-product strategy to achieve something close to their liabilities. This is going to be a big issue, especially as we roll into 2011, and as our clients worldwide have to reassess how large their liability is grown due to low interest rates, so pension funds in the United States are going to have to reassess what their increase liability is, because of the low 10 year rate. And this is going to create much more noise going into the first quarter in 2011. And as I said, no other firm has the capability and breadth of products to take advantage of this. In less than 1 year, our merger with BGI has become a big success. We could not have provided the range of products, ideas, and creativities to our clients before our combination. We, after the second quarter, we finally brought all the organization together in a comprehensive cohesive way. We are working together as a one firm and we spoke about one BlackRock, but it’s very important to note now, in the third quarter and certainly rolling into the fourth quarter, we are a unified firm, we have a great level of community now at the firm. The firm feels and understands, I’m talking about our citizens, understand the opportunities we have, and they all see these opportunities we have with our clients, and their getting that type of feedback. This is not just a U.S. issue; this is worldwide throughout our platform of the comprehensiveness of the one firm BlackRock today.  We still have one more year in our technology conversion so integration is not over. And I need to remind everybody that, I need to remind all our employees at BlackRock, we have a big job to complete the technology conversions to bring all our resources, all our products on to one global risk management system, but we are right on track, maybe a little ahead of schedule. But we still have a large need to making sure that we have everything put together. So we’re right on schedule, right on track on technology and I would say, relative to our Merrill Lynch merger in ‘06, we’re actually further ahead today in our culture togetherness. And so we made great strides over the last three quarters, and we’re now beginning to see the elements of success from all the hard work that everyone put together. Let me review the assets and give a little more clarity. Closed the quarter at $3.44 trillion, up 9%. But I’d like to also give color on only 34% of those assets are active. $1.18 trillion. So the argument that we’re so large, there are other firms as large as we are, a $1 trillion in active. We believe there’s great opportunities for us in the alpha side. And this is just not a beta play. On beta and index obviously, because of our iShares platform and our leadership position in terms of institutional indexing, that represents 53% of our platform. And then we have about 284 billion in cash which is 8% and our advisory business which as you saw, which I’ll start discussing in a minute. You see about a $4 billion decline in our advisory. That’s just basically payments of the normal principle and interest payments that are going to our clients. And that will be – that is part of that advisory assignment as the assets slowly roll off. And that should always be taken into consideration. Another good example of the opportunities that we have, is the regional makeup of our assets. From the $3.46 trillion, $2.1 trillion are in the America’s. That includes South America that includes Canada, and obviously the U.S, 983 billion in India, and 374 billion in Asia and the Pacific. As I said in repeated calls, we believe the greatest opportunity for us is outside the United States. And when we talk about outside the United States, it will be included in the America’s because we see a huge opportunity in South America continue growth in India and strong opportunities we have in Asia Pacific. As Ann Marie discussed related to flows, $52.6 billion elongated flows, $1.8 billion of cash which I want to talk about in a minute, in terms of stabilization in the money market business, and the $4.3 billion advisory pre-payments which I discussed negatively to bring our total flows approximately $50 billion.  As we discussed in the second quarter, and I did speak at an investor conference, we still saw some of the outflows, or dyssynergies that we expected. One large pension fund where we had over 40% of their plan with planning in the third quarter to reduce their – our role with them, and they did, at the end of the quarter, redeem about $17 billion, a very low fee business. Let me talk about the ins-and-out, because people are concerned about dyssynergies. The average basis points of dyssynergies, losses, is about 8 basis points. The 50 odd billion dollars of inflows is approximately 15 basis points. So we have been consistently telling you that the businesses that we’re losing, are businesses that – you know, we’re working with the clients where we have dyssynergies, and the opportunities we have, obviously, carries over into the higher [hierarchy] businesses. And this is very important to take note. The other thing that I would like to give everyone a real perspective. Since June of last year, June ‘09, when we announced the transaction, we knew we were going to have large dyssynergies. Let’s put this in perspective now. We’ve have dyssynergies from the date of the announcement today, over 1 year and 1 quarter, we’ve had less than 5% of dyssynergies in the overall platform.. This is not a big issue and in our opinion, way too much has been focused on it. And this is why we were trying to give a little more clarity about it. We are actually very excited about the flows, the opportunities we have. And as I said, much of these flows, which I’ll talk about in a minute, are because of the multi-asset strategy platform that BlackRock has. The other thing that we saw - we actually expected to have more inflows in the third quarter from new clients. Some of it was rolled over into the fourth quarter. Ann Marie spoke about a pipeline, about $46 billion of pipeline of which 4.7 billion is elongated flows. In the first few weeks we had netting of over $7 billion of inflows that were funded already in the first few weeks. So some of that we thought was going to close the last day of the month, was carried over into the fourth quarter. I think it’s also very important to note that in terms of fees – base fees, as Ann Marie suggested, average equities over the quarter were down 3%. Obviously, at the end of the month, equities were up about 9-ish%, 10%. And that certainly going to be powering the opportunities we have in the fourth quarter in 2011.  Let me just break out a few other product areas and then I would like to speak heavily about alternatives and performance fees. Our iShares business continues to be very strong; year-to-date about $29 billion of flows. We’ve seen some very good flows so far this month. About 12.7 billion of flows were in the third quarter. This business, we see a huge rotation. At the very beginning of the year, we saw a large inflow in fixed income. We are now beginning to see it as evidence in the stock market rally, we’re starting to see more flows into equity, ETFs, both internationally, and in the United States. And this continues to be a very large driver of the opportunities we have at the firm. Another area that I would like to give credit too, is our new position in the defined contribution business. I spoke about this briefly last time, but year-to-date we’ve seen over $12 billion of flows in our defined contribution business, some very large chunky wins. We have become a leader in the defined contribution business because of the unique position we’re in by having both beta and alpha. And it gives us great opportunities to really go to these plans, and provide them a comprehensive product list.  As we all know, the defined contribution business is growing into fewer and fewer platforms. And I believe the combination of the two historic firms BlackRock and BGI, and now the new BlackRock has given us that opportunity to become one of those big providers in the defined contribution business. On cash, we had new flows for the first time in 8 quarters. I think what is going on is because of now a longer view of low rates, especially in light of a possibility of a second round of quantitative easing, quantitative easing by the fed. The persistence of low rates is probably going to continue. All of the banks, who were aggressive at the beginning of the year and last year, taking down deposits, have become less competitive and the money market industry is now offering a competitive product related to bank deposits. And I think that trend will continue going into 2011. So I think we’re going to see a shift in flows and we’re certainly seeing that already in the fourth quarter, where we’re seeing increased liquidity flows in the first two weeks of the fourth quarter. And I think that’s another big change in the dynamic of BlackRock, for the last two years, whereas a large money market player, we were seeing significant outflows, quarter by quarter by quarter, and now we’re beginning to see a reverse of that. The second area that I want to emphasize is the alternative space. Prior to 2008, we consistently had a part of our core earnings with performance fees. It was a large component of our platform, and obviously the last two years, some of those performance fees, because of the failures of 2008, carried into 2009, until we had the high water marks, and now in 2010 we are beginning to see a greater consistency in terms of performance fees. We have performance fees in over 8 products in the third quarter. We’ve had great successes in our fixed [income] funds, great successes in some of our equity hedge funds, and great successes in our global macro funds.  This is a core part of our franchise, especially as clients are looking to barbell. As clients are looking for multi-asset strategy solutions, our alternative platform has to grow, has to become a larger component of our business.  Ann Marie spoke about some of our investments we make, I need to just reconfirm that, we will not ever be in proprietary trading. All our investments, this is non-operating obviously, are co-investments alongside our clients, this is generally in the alternative space. This is going to be a very large part of our business going forward. This is a very large part of our conversations we have with clients. So we believe this area, as we continue to build this out, especially in light of the changes of Fin/Reg, with the sell side of leaving the proprietary businesses. It just presents much greater opportunities for our platform to provide these opportunities to our clients. So this is not in our opinion, going to be a periodic issue, this is going to be a component of our business going forward as we prepare to build on our platform in the new Fin/Reg Basel III environment. And more importantly, as low rates continue to be a drag for our clients, and our clients are looking for more of these multi-asset category solutions, alternative represent a larger component of that conversation. And we need to have more and more product in there, and we are going to emphasize more and more of that in the future. This does not take away any of our opportunities we have in the core fixed income, this does not take away any of the opportunities we have in our core equity product. In both core fixed income and core equity, we continue to see very good opportunities ahead of ourselves. And we believe we’re in a very good position. When and if the market becomes aware of that equity is probably the most inexpensive asset class in the capital market today. We are one of the firms that will be able to take good advantage of that. Let me talk about solutions. As our numbers showed in the third quarter, we have a great business. We have a huge pipeline of business. These are more chunky, Aladdin type assignments. We are in the cusp of winning two very large Aladdin assignments right now. And because of Fin/Reg, because of Basel III, we’re having more conversations which warrants intuitions, as they reassess what they need under this new regulatory environment, what type of risk system they need. And we are taking advantage of this, and trying to help our clients in this. In addition, as we become more of a multi-asset class category investment firm, it’s also incorporates risk management. And this gives us that advantage as we talk about equities, alternatives, and fixed income, we also work with our clients on risk management and the utilization of our risk management systems. Let me just speak about an area that I know other firms spoke about yesterday, and this is related to SEC lending. SEC lending is down quite a bit, a year-to-date from the last few years. And if you look at utilization rates, utilization rates are down about 30 to 40% from prior years in terms of how much demand there is for security lending. I personally believe this is temporary, and let’s talk about the dynamics of why SEC lending slowed down so much. One, Wall Street proprietary debts are being separated, they were a large user of SEC lending in their proprietary businesses, so that’s one area that has slowed down. And what we can see, almost globally, a de-risking of hedge funds. Another reason why I’m a little more constructive on the global capital markets, by looking at the utilization rates, you see how much de-risking is occurred in the last 2 quarters. We believe SEC lending is a powerful business, we believe it presents very large opportunities as the world becomes more comfortable with the future of the capital markets. On quantitative equity, obviously a drag part of the synergies. In the third quarter, we announced a very large leadership changes. And a big change under Ken [Croner], to really re-invigorate this area. I am very pleased to say we have visited world-wide our clients on this, and our clients have looked at the changes as something very strong and good. We believe we’re in the stabilization phase, and we believe there’s opportunities ahead for us in the quad equity area. We still may have some dyssynergies from that area in the fourth quarter, but we feel we are in much better shape prospectively going into 2011.  So some of the major headwinds, whether it’s SEC lending, whether it is cash, and most certainly the quant equity side, we believe much of the headwind problems are behind us. And so we feel very good about where we are in all the opportunistic areas, and we’ve done a very good job of addressing these issues. Overall, in the – before I get into that, let me just say one other thing about performance because we’re as good as our performance. Our performance throughout the year has been quite strong in fixed income, we are very proud of our performance, now going over 7 quarters now in our fixed income team. Performance has been quite strong, with very strong third quarter. In our global equity platform, another great year so far, some really outstanding out performance. And we have pockets here in the United States in our equity team, in terms of our performance; we still have some drags in our U.S. domestic equity team that we want to really address. We did announce in the third quarter a hiring our U.S. equity CIO who will be starting in November, I believe. And so we are spending a great deal of time, money, and attention of really building out our active portfolio team. We did that 2 years ago in fixed income, we continue to do that. And now we are really doing that in our global equity platform on the active side.  So performance has been strong which gives me much greater confidence going into 2011. And last, I just want to say before we open up for questions, is our business model. I’m more certain about our business model than I’ve ever been. It’s much easier to be more certain about our business model, when we’re getting it reconfirmed by our clients. But most importantly, I’m getting this reconfirmed by our team that they’re hearing from our clients that our products, our footprint, gives us an advantage that no other firm has. Our business model will be more global, it’s very essential for our future growth. Let us not be confused. A weakening dollar is very difficult for global investors who own dollar based assets. We are beginning to see some global investors sell out dollars and buying other products. Obviously, that’s why the dollars weakening. There’s net sellers a dollar base asset going back into other currencies. And so, I believe, one of the headwinds in 2011, for the asset management business is going to be some selling from global platforms, a dollar base asset. So if you are not a multi-asset platform that is offering more than just dollar base investments, those investment firms are going to have, are going to see some headwinds in 2011. This is a big shift, and if we are trying to do – as a result of quantitative easing, a weakening dollar that will probably slowdown global flows in dollar based assets. We should not be confused about it, that is a net result of the Federal Reserve’s policy, and we’re having more and more dialog with our global investors about investing in non-dollar based assets. We are well positioned for that, unlike so many other investment firms. So overall, I’m very confident about where we are going into the fourth quarter, and I feel very good about what we’ve accomplished in the third quarter. It was not easy – it was a lot of hard work, it was a lot of stress at times, but it’s all been worth it now with all the opportunities we have ahead of ourselves. Let me open up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW. 
Laurence Fink:  Hey, Rob. 
Robert Lee – KBW:  Hey. Good morning, Larry, Ann Marie. Thanks a lot. A couple questions, you know, first, can we maybe talk a little bit about the ETF business. I mean, obviously it’s been in the news a lot about price competition and whatnot, and you know it appears to me it’s mainly in kind of what I call the more commoditized basic S&P 500 kind of products, but could you comment about how you see that shaping up and how you think that’s impacting you going forward? 
Laurence Fink:  Well, I think our best example of fees are not always prime mover of ETFs, it’s our experience in lowering our fees in our global ETFs in our goal ETF products, IAU. We are offering fees now 15 basis points lower than our competition. We certainly saw an increased percent of flow into our product versus our competition, but we saw a fraction of what we expected or what we thought could happen.  And it’s a great example that most investors of ETFs are more concerned about liquidity and once they get – and liquidity is one of the prime movers of ETF. So there’s no questions that fees are a consideration and will continue to be a bigger drive possibly in the future for ETFs, but we have not seen really any real dramatic change because of low fees. It is about client service, it is about client education which we spend a great deal of time on. It’s about tracking error. If I could cite about one of our ETFs where we witnessed less flows than one of our competitors in one of our products, is because in 2009 one of our international products had more tracking error than one of our competitors. And as a result, they saw more flows. So it’s much more complex than the simplicity of just fees.  Clients want more education in these products than any other retail products that we know of. And so it’s a lot about client service, it’s a lot about education. We try to spend as much time as any firm in terms of the education process of ETFs, how you can utilize ETFs as a strategic instrument in a portfolio. Fees are considerations so we are focusing on fees. We ask that question every quarter, every time we have our quarterly updates with our leadership teams. So we’re mindful of it but we are not seeing any real industry-wide pressure at all.  Obviously one of our competitors lowered their fees on – and they’re a few basis points less than ours. And as you suggested, in the S&P type of indexes, we’ll see. But you know, as I said, I’m not terribly worried about it. I think the next two years it’s going to be all about innovation. One of the areas that we were working on is trying to create like almost an asset allocator ETF in itself though the SEC doesn’t allow that yet. But you know, those are the types of things that we’re looking for, much more like multi-asset strategy ETF. These are a little more complex. We believe there’s great demand for it.  You know, a global opportunity is mutual funds crossed over the $70 billion mark. That’s a great example of clients looking for multi-asset strategy products. We have that in the mutual fund side. We would love to have something like that in the ETF side. 
Robert Lee – KBW: Okay, thanks. And maybe a follow-up question actually on the securities lending which you touched on. Should we be thinking that it’s mainly, you know, from here forward that for that piece of your fee revenue stream to improve is really more a function of the rate environment, or do you actually see that there’s an opportunity to increase the, you know, the – 
Laurence Fink:  The utilization? 
Robert Lee – KBW: Yeah. 
Laurence Fink:  Rob, it’s two functions. Obviously low rates are one drag on tech-lending revenues and the other one is demand from people who wish to borrow stock. I think the biggest change in the third quarter was a reduction – we already have low rates, I think the biggest one is the utilization rates by the industry were down quite a bit as people are trying to reassess what FIN/REG and its implications.  But I do believe, you know as these proprietary debt moved to non-bank entities as there’s a – if there is a future of re-risking on the alternative space area, utilization will go up. 
Robert Lee – KBW: Thanks. And maybe one last question just on FIN/REG, I know it’s still a lot to be sorted out but can you maybe touch on it a bit? I mean, it might if I remember correctly, you know, you guys end up getting regulated as a bank holding company because of the ownership structure to some degree. How do you, any sense to this point that you can kind of get out from under that, or if not that somehow it impedes your ability to do different types of business, how do you think of that? 
Laurence Fink:  Well A, we are regulated today by the Fed, by the OCC, by the FSA, by the SEC and on and on and on. So we are already a very regulated institution. To date, we have not seen any issues related to the issues around being regulated.  I think you’re asking the question related, would a BlackRock be considered a systemically important institution, and you know, until we see how the regulators come up with a definition of what is systematically important, we don’t know if we would be part of that inclusion. We have told the regulators, I don’t have a problem of being part of that group as long as it’s a comprehensive group that’s included alongside with us.  And so we really don’t see much of a problem in terms of FIN/REG and how that impact BlackRock at all. 
Robert Lee – KBW: All right, great. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. 
Laurence Fink:  Hey, Craig. 
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: Good morning, everyone. I appreciate the added color on this $17 billion mandate this quarter, but can you help us with the expected timeline of the merger-related redemptions? You know, should we expect to decline in the fourth quarter, maybe in a DX out to $17 billion mandate and when can these merger-related redemptions get back to zero? 
Laurence Fink:  Probably next year, early next year, first quarter. Sue, do you have a – 
Susan Wagner:  Yeah, I mean, there is – we made a note about what’s netted out of the pipeline. There is a one that’s netted out to the pipeline now that we don’t think the client is going to be ready to assess until very late first quarter, or it could be early – even early second quarter. That is really driven by the client, so we’re netting it out now because we know it’s coming.  You know, it’s a little hard to say because the clients have to decide when they can, you know, when they want to affect stock and we’re trying to flow that information through to you as soon as we have it. 
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse:  Can you give us a ballpark on that mandate? Is that around $10 billion? Is it that large? 
Susan Wagner:  Yes. 
Laurence Fink:  It is 10 billion, but it’s netted into 46. 
Susan Wagner:  Right. It’s netted out – 
Laurence Fink:  Forty-six is net of that. 
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: Great. Great. And then just one follow-up question. On your multi-asset platform, have you experienced any situations where the level of wins here have been a little slower than you expected due to BlackRock’s ownership or, excuse me, level of management of assets with the potential client? 
Laurence Fink:  No. No because so much of this is, you know, some of its fiduciary outsourcing where that’s a new trend. These are just very lumpy types of businesses. It’s going very strong in Europe. It’s LDI, you know, low rates could slow down LDI, you know, if the rate continues to go lower. But no, we’re in active dialog with many, many institutions. The RFP’s are very strong. If anything their RFPs are probably as robust as they’ve ever been.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: All right, great. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Deutsche Bank. 
Laurence Fink :  Hi, Mike. 
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Hi. How you doing? Just one question on the allocations. You know, I think on the retail side we all track it and try to gage, you know, when –after we close a return, on the institutional side it just seems like you’ve got a lot of different parties and how they can fund the gaps differ.  So you’ve got the public pensions that can honestly contribute cash if there’s a gap there. You’ve got the government pensions where it’s a lot harder because you might have to raise taxes and I’m not sure on the international side because it’s not as close there. But you know, when you look at the different players out there, it just seems like when you start getting into the first quarter of ’11, it’s going to be very hard for consultants to be talking about allocating more to fixed income when yields are where they are. And given – 
Laurence Fink:  I agree. Totally agree. 
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: But it would differ by customer, meaning will the public, or will the company pensions be able to, you know, remain allocated to fixed income but just contribute more cash versus, you know, the government pensions where they’re in a bind right now so they might have to allocate more in equities? 
Laurence Fink:  Well, I believe all large – all pension plans worldwide are going to have to reassess their asset allocation. They’re going to have to reassess their risk and how they evaluate risk. This is why I call low rate tax on pension funds and savings. We don’t talk about that enough. Obviously we need low rates to reinvigorate or economy. The low rates is a great subsidy for borrowers and a great tax on savers and pension plans and we don’t talk about that.  So if one believes we’re going to have a persistence of low rates for a while globally, it’s going to – it’s going to be – I believe, and this is the types of conversations we’re having with foundations and endowments, they’re going to have to allocate more to equities and alternatives. So these are very difficult conversations. As we know, the reason why we had so much flow in the fixed income over the years was institutions determined they needed to de-risk. Accounting makes only equities more – it’s a more volatile asset class so people have favored fixed income. And you know, I do believe as a fiduciary, the plans are going to have to accept a little more volatility and take more risks to achieve their liabilities. Or they’re going to have to go back to their constituents and lower the liabilities, which obviously they’re trying to do that in Paris and we see the results of the protesting. You have in the UK today, taking about a major reduction in how they look at the public payrolls, and so this is not just a U.S. phenomenon.  Mike, this is a giant issue, and as you said correctly, this is going to be a big first quarter issue as they have to re-sect their liability rate and with low interest rates, low 10-year rates, it’s – the gap grows. 
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just, you know, on the second quarter call, you mentioned, and Emory was saying that your target is try to maintain the operating margins, you know, given that either you continue to reinvest and you know, watch some of the expenses where you can.  If you just look at what the market has done, and just assuming, you know, stable markets from here with assets up 9%, like are we closer to realizing some positive operating leverage as we get into the fourth quarter next year just given the market rise and then later in 2011, you know some of the BGI energies? 
Laurence Fink:  A, I think the investments are going to have to continue as I worry about the outflows in dollars, as we have to – I think our statements in the last few quarters, we’ve got to build Asia, we’ve got to build our investment team in non-dollars. I mean, to me, that’s more essential than ever before. But I think it’s Ann Marie’s and my view that our target is a margin of about 40%, I think that is achievable. That is what we have set to all our business leaders, that type of target. And we believe over time we’re going to be able to do that. You know, we still have another year left in terms of technology integration. When that’s finished, that will increase our margin in somewhat right there. And so, we believe we could achieve those targets. I will say, anything over 40% is probably a statement that we’re over – we’re not investing enough. So we just have to make sure we’re doing the right thing for the competitive nature of the business, so it’s not a hard target, it is a soft target. But I do believe, Ann Marie speak up about it, I believe we’ll be able to achieve that 40% margin.
Ann Marie Petach: And certainly the context you put it in Mike, is very important. We’ve had, and haven’t yet fully realized some of these market tailwinds. And that certainly – certainly that helps to flow through the margin.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: I guess, just when you do the budget process, I’m just trying to figure out when you’re planning for a year, the way that we look at things, you know, average markets are normal markets, so if you get a 10% tailwind to the market that you weren’t expecting…
Laurence Fink: Our margins will increase.
Ann Marie Petach:   Yeah.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: And then, Ann Marie, just one quick thing on the tax rate, you mentioned there was some nuances there, can you just say what the year-to-date tax rate is on like what you consider core? And then next year I think you said a point lower, but I just want to make sure I got that right.
Ann Marie Petach:   Yeah, the year-to-date on core, and this is the thing that is expected full year regular course, so this is our as suggested rates at 33 ½%. And so, that’s down 1 ½ points from where we had been running at 35%. And so for next year, what I said is that’s a 1 ½ point improvement, 35 to 33 1/2 . We expect one point of that to be an ongoing benefit going into 2011.
Laurence Fink: Our new tax rate Mike, is a permanent change for us. We’ve been able to work with the tax authorities on the types of taxes we pay, and we’ve been able to change our tax rates going forward.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Okay, yup, that’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz, of Citigroup.
Laurence Fink:   Hey, Bill.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Hi, good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my questions. Just come back to the dyssynergy discussion for a moment. So curious about what Larry, what percentage of the client base has now sort of registered with you, if you will, in terms of their potential of removing any assets related to any kind of combined exposure?
Laurence Fink: Bill, I don’t think we tracked that. I think it’s important to say, in any limits less than 5%. So they’re chunky. So it’s smaller than that. It’s just a small component. There are a few others who are – you know, but it’s really not that significant, it’s something that we talked about at the deal time, and it’s rolling through. So do you have anything?
Ann Marie Petach:   Bill, the only thing I would add is that obviously we’re talking with and meeting with all of our clients on a regular basis. There are, as we forecasted with this pipeline, a handful of others where we know that there’s action they will be taking, and we think there’s yet another handful that are probably still evaluating concentration issues. We think the pays clearly has a number of clients but coming to the end, but again, as we’ve indicated some of these can be very large AUM numbers at very low sea level. And we’re trying to float the information as we know it.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Okay, that’s helpful. So come back to the margin discussion for a moment, Levi was just writing down some quickly, but sounds like that, of that, in versus out, you’re losing stuff in single digits, you gain things and so that 15 basis point range. So at the margin, if you’re bringing things in that are sharply lower than your run rate, fee rate, what’s the incremental margin on, I guess, the index, and the iShare platform relative to legacy business, and how does that square up relative to your thoughts that your margin could turn toward 40%? It sounds like more of a 2012 phenomenon.
Laurence Fink: Well, in some of our flows are in the, as you suggested, the iShare, some of the flows are in index. Those are high margin businesses. You know, some of the fiduciary outsourcing businesses are lower fee businesses, Bill. So if we can continue with that trend, and that type of business, our margins even in 2011 will increase. I don’t expect a 40% margin in 2011, but I do expect improvements in our margins in 2011.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Great, that’s helpful. And then this last question, I think you both just had a conference recently, you had a slide in your [inaudible] which we appreciate. So talk about dividend payout, and I know the board looks at that in February, paying about 50% I guess on a combined buyback, and dividend payout. Any thoughts here, given your free cash flow and product breath about any kind of material dividend change?
Laurence Fink: So next year our free cash flow will be over $2 billion, we know that. This is a consideration that our board will look at. We don’t anticipate any major in organic change in our platform. We may look at little things to add, whether it is a little aphid management firm in overseas, but – so, I think we will look at a re-evaluation of our dividend and share repurchase policy, there’s no question. I think one of the considerations that I have to consider, this is why I’m glad its February, not now. Is what will the government do to related tax rates and dividends. If they change the tax rate in dividends, I would argue stock repurchases may be more powerful than dividends. If dividends stay at the same rate, I would argue dividends are more powerful than stock repurchase. And so, until we understand how the government tax policy plays out, I don’t know how we’re going to balance those two items. But I think it’s essential to assume, we have a – just by our earnings generation, we’re going to have an upwardly bias dividend.
Bill Katz - Citigroup: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Mark Iriazarry, of Goldman Sachs.
Mark Iriazarry – Goldman Sachs: Oh great thanks, hey Larry. So just on the upcoming Fed meeting and potential QE2. You mentioned that it seems like there’s some more cash mandates coming in. But can you talk about what the outlook is for fee waivers, you know, where fee waivers stand today. And you know, with prime and government money market funds yield potentially heading lower, what’s the expectation for fee waivers?
Laurence Fink:   I don’t think QE2 is focused at all on the short end. QE2 is focused on the 10 year, the 5 to 10 year area. You know, there’s suggestions that is not discussed it, but you’ve heard conversations about QE2 is going to be rate targeted. And I think rate targeting is not the short-end, because the shortened is essentially 10 basis points. It’s going to be in the areas where small and new businesses need to fund. It’s going to be obviously the target Mortgage origination. To me, that’s what the Federal Reserve’s trying to do, is target a rate so you can stimulate the economy whether through asset inflation in the form of rising equity market and/or availability of cheap financing and mortgages, and in terms of this. And also, the availability of money by institutions for small and new businesses.  You know, it’s essential, if you look at all the statistics, job growth in America is almost from – entirely from small and new companies. If you net our all the large companies, it’s basically flat for the last 5 years. So I think the Federal Reserve’s obviously they’re doing this to try to get a stimulated job market, and it’s all about jobs. My opinion is they’re – if their targeting, and their targeting to find ways of re-invigorating the small and new company creation, which would then create jobs. 
Mark Iriazarry – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and on fee waivers?
Laurence Fink:   Oh, I’m sorry. Fee waivers, institutional I don’t believe there are any fee waivers on the retail side. We have some fee waivers, but they’re small.
Ann Marie Petach:   Compared to the second quarter, we really haven’t seen anything.
Mark Iriazarry – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then Larry, just on the non-agency, [inaudible] put back issue. What do you – how big is that business for BlackRock, and what percentage of that business you think could potentially be put back to the banks. I think you guys are meaningful player in that space.
Laurence Fink:   Well, let me just talk about it. That’s a big – giant component of the mortgage market from the originations of I guess ‘06, ‘07, ‘08. I’m not going to comment whether we’re involved or not involved in it, I would say – I would say when I always hear this consistency, BlackRock’s number one job is to be a fiduciary for investors and making sure that we are looking out for our investor’s interest. We are a player in the non-agency market, I wouldn’t call ourselves a significant player in that area, but even if we were an insignificant player in that market, our job is to be – if there is indeed an issue around the underwriting of loans put into a security, it is our fiduciary responsibility of inspecting that.  And so, from my perspective, it’s not a significant for the banks, as for some of the players believe though. I believe whether we are involved or not involved in this, I believe it’s essential that investors do believe there’s an issue, they have a right to inspect, but I think the market reaction to banks stocks, was probably overdone. It’s obviously another drag on earnings for those who are involved, who actually indeed had those issues. But not all those firms had all these issues. So let me just leave it at that.
Mark Iriazarry – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great, and just on the global allocation, the funds obviously continue to be big gainers of flow, can you talk about why at 70 billion how you’re not capacity constrained, you know, in global Al, and how big do you think that fund could get or how big do you want it to get as a percentage of your sort of business?
Laurence Fink: Well A, I think global Al is a function of the global capital market. As global capital markets grow and opportunities grow, as IPOs flourish overseas, and are much smaller in the United States which we’re seeing total evidence of that. A global Al product, actually has more opportunity today than they did a few years ago. I asked that question to our portfolio team, maybe 2 weeks ago. Because, obviously, we’re always worried about it and if we believe we can’t earn alpha, we’re going to close it. And the team came back and said they believe the opportunity is quite large, and they would not – they believe even managing over $100 billion would not be an issue for them. But we always ask those questions, we have to make sure that we’re doing the right thing, and the team is very confident of their model and the opportunities that they have going forward. They’ve also repeatedly said as a team that the information they get, get from the one BlackRock  cross fertilization, is very powerful. And so they’re getting even more ideas in our platform. We also have, and this is one of the – a product that had performance ceased, we have a global assent, a global macro hedge fund that they cross fertilize ideas from the hedge fund side to the mutual fund side, but their styles are different. I think the flow of information of BlackRock has really given us those types of opportunities. In both cases I think the global assent fund, which is approximately $7.8 billion to be way north of $10 billion, and we hope that’s some of our growth in the alternative fate. And the global opportunities fund, with our team, we’re comfortable towards being significantly largely.
Mark Iriazarry – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great, thanks.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Glen Shore, of [inaudible] 
Glen Shore: Hey Bob. Larry, I’m curious, as the banks go through their increase risk waiting and adjusting to the new reality, does that create some opportunities for you on the red arbitrage side to potentially take off load some of their higher risk waiting assets. You touched on it a little bit, I don’t know if that’s a huge opportunity for solutions or a huge opportunity for BlackRock itself in the funds.
Laurence Fink:   Well, I think some institutions are selling some of their balance sheets, and actually if you look at some of the security firms, their balance sheets actually grow in the third quarter. But, I would say the greatest opportunity for us related to FIN/REG and Basel III is going to be on the solutions base. We may take – have an opportunity related to asset flows, but we would participate alongside all the other investors, so I don’t think we’d have an advantage in anyway. But clearly, institutions, especially in Europe are involved in some significant conversations now with institutions who understand their going to need a much more comprehensive risk system, and we’re in dialog right now. We’re in implication and we’re in dialog now – we’re in contract negotiations dialog, that’s how far along we are.
Glen Shore: Good deal. On – switching over to performance, obviously good to see you’ve come through in the third quarter through I think you mentioned 8 funds, and you also mentioned fourth quarter is more of the main quarter. Any way you could put it in terms of products or AUM in the funds that have those eligibility? Because with performance trending the way it’s going, you’re just trying to get arms around a head of mile, that’s all.
Laurence Fink:   Yeah, good question, I don’t know if I have that on my fingertips, I’m going to have to get Ann Marie to follow-up on that. But let me go over… Our whole view on this, especially as we’re talking to clients, we need to continue to build this out. We need to show our investors, our company, and our clients that we have more than just a few products. So we’re going to have 10 or 12 key products that we can offer. They’re going to be in equities, they’re going to be in 6 incomes, they’re going to be in global macro, and I would like to say that coming year, that we actually have some real estate products. We actually have our real estate platform, and U.K. has done great. We’ve had flows in there. It’s not just a negative story worldwide. Actually a stable story that’s here in the United States, and a positive story in the U.K. So it’s – all we can say is we’re seeing more and more clients looking to barbell as they start focusing on the low tax, low rate environment. They’re looking – we’re seeing more indexing of equities as a trend. And a barbelling and more alternatives, or more what we would call active strategies. Active alpha strategies in equity.
Glen Shore: Got it. One last one. Just a follow-up on this notice of non-performance to the service, trusting that you may or may not be a part of, I’m curious on your thoughts on both the timing, meaning this issue’s been out there for a good 18, 24 months now, and the fact that the underlining MBS market haven’t had a huge run, does that speak towards what you all think is the magnitude of the success, or lack thereof, of pursuing. I mean, I totally get the fiduciary duty part, but the fact that the underlining markets haven’t gapped up, and this is coming after 18, 24 months of being out there, does that mean anything?
Laurence Fink:   Glen, I asked that same question to a bunch of people yesterday, why now versus 6 months ago. You know, please don’t take this as a firm position, you’re asking me my opinion. I’m offering you my opinion on this. I think it has to do with a greater – first of all, I’m told that this is been something that’s being discussed for months, and months, and months. I think what happened was, it got in the news because it was mentioned in another press conference. But I think this was in the news, this was going on for months and months and months. So I can’t explain the timing of it yesterday, but I do believe why it became a much more of a lightning rod yesterday, it’s all related or linked to the foreclosure issue that became a lightening rod 3 weeks ago. I think it’s just a statement that the mortgage market still has problems, and has a problem in related to we have a really big problem as a nation with millions of potential foreclosure in our economy. I think it also is a statement that if there are that many foreclosures, could some of those foreclosures been because of badly underwritten loans at the beginning.  So I think it’s all linked, and that’s just my opinion and so I don’t want to – but I do believe – I do know that these conversations have been going on for months. And it’s the lightening rod was this week.
Glen Shore: Okay, that’s great. I appreciate it Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel Nicolaus
Laurence Fink:   Hi Jeff.
Jeff Hoffman – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks a lot. Larry, you mentioned barbelling, and I know you have a lot of products on the alternative side. Flows there have been, I guess neutral. Any sense of when, I guess, the collection of buckets will kind of move in the right direction?
Laurence Fink:   Good question. You know, we reorganized that whole effort. We’re hiring a team of specialist working alongside our generalist on this. I think we did not see as many flows as we expected too. Obviously, we were working on integration and we needed to have individuals working with the manufacturing teams who have a much more close connection with the alternative space. And so, we’re doing that.  We are actually seeing some good flows now. And I do believe, because of the performance that we had in the third quarter, and a consistent year now, going into 2011, we’re going to start seeing some flows.  We’re certainly having more road shows, we’re certainly having more meetings on some of our key alternatives than we’ve had in the entire year.
Jeff Hoffman – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and fiduciary business, is that included in the pipeline?
Laurence Fink:   Yes.
Jeff Hoffman – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, because I’ve seen a couple of bigger wins that I guess haven’t funded, is that….
Laurence Fink:   Well some of them have, some of them have.
Jeff Hoffman – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, got you. Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Smith of Macquarie.
Roger Smith - Macquarie: Hi, how you doing? I guess I just want to go back to the discussions that you’re having with clients on re-risking. What I’ve – after you have these conversations, do they just look at you with a blank face, or what’s the problem? What actually gets them to do something?
Laurence Fink:   Well I would say, I would say right now a lot of clients are frightened. They’re not doing as much as they want, and I think they’re very worried because they see where this 10 year rates are, and they know they’re going to have a winding GAAP issue. You know, I think clients are in the introspection stage right now. I’ve met with many public boards, and private company teams recently, and these are the types of conversations we’re having. I think they know this is what they need to do if they’re trying to achieve that liability. In some cases, some are going to say well, we’re not going to, we’re not going to re-risk, we’re going to create a greater GAAP, or we’re going to go – or we’re going to have to find some way to changing the benefits. It’s a very complex, difficult question. It’s not – this is certainly not something that can be addressed in one meeting. But they are looking for our advice, I’m sure they’re talking to many other people. We are seeing some institutions, I’m aware of a couple of institutions that are in the process of really reducing their fixed income. And they started a process of buying – equities, global equities, and so I’m aware of a few institutions that are doing that.  If you just look at ETF trends, you’re starting to see for the first time this year where more money’s going – more money is going into equity ETF. So you’re starting to see that change there too.
Roger Smith - Macquarie: Okay, great, and then on the DC platform. Can you just give us an update on how ETFs could fit in there?
Laurence Fink:   Sue, you want to do it?
Susan Wagner: I think I would say keeping general is that ETF. One is that on the DC platform, critical product is our target base funds. The life past portfolio, and the life past portfolio, use ETF inside. So that’s one of the ways which we’re seeing those products get used. We think there’ll be other opportunities to create product for target base that will use ETF [inaudible]. In addition, there has been an initiative ongoing to work with administrators, primarily I would say in mid, and small size plan, to permit ETF to be used directly on those platforms. And you know, that I think is less of an impact today, but it continues to be what we’re doing.
Roger Smith - Macquarie: Okay, great. And then, just lastly, on the BlackRock’s Solutions numbers, can you sort of give us an idea of what’s going on inside there from a – like structuring fee, or one-time fee level to what might be sort of an ongoing number so we can sort of get a gage on how that should look going forward?
Laurence Fink: Well I think what we’re seeing is, you’re seeing more elongated business flow, and less one time advisory fee, type of business. One example is, this one thing I said we were going into contract negotiation right now. It began as a one timer that is now migrating into a full fledge long-term assignment. And so the conversations of these longer term assignments, Aladdin type assignments, are picking up. And that’s what we were trying to obviously migrate our clients to, so we have a greater certainty of our flows.
Ann Marie Petach:   Just sort of repeating what Larry said, what I would say, year-to-date this year compared to year-to-date a year ago, we have a much heavier mix of ongoing revenues than the advisory segment. They’re both very important to us, I don’t want to put any value more than another, but a lot of the places where we did work on advisory segments, actually translated into ultimately ongoing assignments. So they’re both very important to us, and one you don’t often translate into the other over time.
Roger Smith - Macquarie: Great, thanks very much.
Operator:   We have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, Ms. Petach, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink:   No, thank you everyone.
Operator:   This concludes today’s teleconference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 09:00:00) =====
BlackRock, Inc. (BLK):
Executives: Robert Connolly – General Counsel Ann Marie Petach – CFO Laurence Fink – Chairman and CEO Susan Wagner – Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank Bill Katz – Citigroup Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs Robert Lee – KBW
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated second quarter 2010 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer Ann Marie Petach Vice Chairman Susan L. Wagner, and General Counsel Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Connolly: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly. I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which lists some of the factors, which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements. And with that I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.
Ann Marie Petach: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. As we report second quarter earnings, we're pleased with the progress of the integration and the additional capabilities of the combined firm. Since the BGI transaction we've delivered consistently strong results despite market volatility while continuing to re-invest in the business for future growth. Our results have produced strong positive cash flow allowing us to reduce our commercial paper balances to about 180 billion.
Robert Connolly: Million.
Ann Marie Petach: Million. This is down from three billion, where two billion was replaced with long-term debt and remaining reductions funded out of operating cash flow. We are announcing that the Board has approved repurchase of up to 5.1 million share. The purpose is to neutralize the dilutive effect of restricted stocks and options that have been granted to employees. 5.1 million represents the share which becomes dilutive over the next few years. The timing of the repurchases will be at management’s discretion. We’re pleased to reinstate this practice after a pause during the financial crisis and for the BGI acquisition. As I discussed results I’ll primarily we’d be talking about as adjusted results. Second quarter net income was $463 million, or $2.37 per share. This includes $2.46 per share of operating earnings, and $0.09 per share of non-operating expense. Net income was about equal to the first quarter and was almost double second quarter 2009. EPS was down $0.03 or only 1% from the first quarter despite a quarter in which market declined about 10%. While the swing in the Dow from the March 31st level of 10,856 to June 30th level of 9,774 was not uplifting the point to point measure maps the volatility in the first half of this year. That resulted in an average Dow in both the first and second quarter being almost equal at about the 10,500 level. At the same time, we’re seeing over 25% improvement in markets compared to a year ago when the June 30th 2009 closed at 8331. The 35% increase in EPS from second quarter 2009 was driven by 59 billion in long-dated organic growth, the BGI transaction, and the market improvements I just talked about. The second quarter tax rate remained at 35% and reflected the geographic mix of the combined company in a period of no unusual items. As adjusted results exclude pre-tax BGI integration cost of 32 million in the second quarter that’s primarily G&A. Total integration cost to-date have been 267 million and at this point the bulk of this spending is behind us. We’ve provided an estimated range of integration expenditures of 300 million to 350 million at the time we announced the BGI transaction. We presently estimate that aggregate expenditures will come in at about 300 million or less. As adjusted operating income of 741 million improved 14 million or 2% compared to the first quarter and 439 million or about 2.5 times a year ago. The second quarter operating margin as adjusted of 38.8% reflects early synergy realization and the initial investment to fund future top line growth. Our margin is on track to align with our 2008 and 2009 margins and to exceed our 2007 margins. We remain committed to achieving synergies as we integrate the business recognizing really full integration is going to extend into and perhaps beyond 2011. At the same time, we are investing in future growth opportunity, including our iShares business, the defined contribution platform, BlackRock Solutions, Asia, multi-asset plus strategies, and our global trading platform. Our commitment to these and other opportunities gives us confidence in BlackRock’s long term organic growth prospect. As I discuss revenues and cost, I'll be talking really about comparisons to the first quarter as the comparisons to a year ago get dominated by BGI transaction. Second quarter revenues of two billion are up 2% from the first quarter, reflecting a 2% improvement in base fees, including the effects of average loan balances on secured dealing and one extra day in the quarter. The improvement in base fees reflects higher index equity revenues of 32 million and stable active equity revenues. Basis points in a single quarter particularly on indexed products are affected by markets to mix of indexed and ETFs and loan balances, which are not even across the euro within the period. Base fees also reflect a 5% improvement in multi-asset class revenues reflective of what we believe to be a long-term trend in the in the solution (inaudible) investing and I know that that is that as one of our investment areas, as well as the present capabilities. This is offset partially by a 5% decrease in cash management revenues, which is reflected really of the yield on asset class and the resulting redemptions from (inaudible). Overall, base feed were stable despite a period of instability. Performances fees of $50 million were equal to the first quarter and included $21 million of fees on absolute return products and $29 million of fees paid based on relative performance measures. The fourth quarter continues to be the primary quarter for annual performance fees lacks [ph], so it’s the one quarter we’d really expect to look different. BlackRock Solutions and advisory second quarter revenues remained strong at 114 million, about equal to first quarter. Revenues and strong pipeline reflect continued appetite for analytic and Aladdin services and continued advisory assignments. The change in other revenue reflects primarily the number of transition assignments and these assignments can vary from period-to-period. Moving on to expenses. The as adjusted expense rate of the combined firm was 1.291 billion. That’s up 23 million from the first quarter. Compensation expenses of 693 million were actually down about 41 million compared to the first quarter. That reflects primarily the fact that the first quarter in the U.S. is the peak period for payroll taxes, also reflect incentive comps. I’d note that year-to-date compensation to revenue ratio was 35.4%. That’s really exactly in line with historic trends going back to 2007. G&A expense of 312 million increased 57 million compared to the first quarter. That includes a 12 million first quarter non-recurring benefit related to balance sheet foreign currency effect. Remaining increase reflects 20 million increase in marketing and promotion expense, which includes travel, advertising and promotion and a 12 million increase in occupancy as we retired old space and took on new space to bring the firm together. Non-operating expense of 28 million represents five million of positive marks on the co and seed investments and 33 million of net interest expense. The total value of the co and seed investment portfolio stands at about $930 million or about $840 million excluding investments, which represent hedges or which are being hedge. This is relatively consistent with prior period. As I have said before, we do not run any proprietary investments but rather invest alongside our clients or seed new products as required for the base business. Our exposures are aligned with the interest of our clients. In summary, we are well-positioned to benefit from business trends and are balancing synergies and investments in the business. Given our relatively strong product performance, we are maintaining or gaining share in the long-dated retail business and our institutional business is well positioned for growth as clients become increasingly comfortable with the combined firm. Their confidence is reflected in our $59.5 billion pipeline, which Larry will discuss in a moment. A broad diversity of investment products and risk management tools allow us to support clients’ needs with their knowledge that we are working solely as a fiduciary on their behalf. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Good morning. Thanks, Ann Marie. Let me just start up by thanking all our employees for all the hard work and dedication for a very successful cultural integration to become one BlackRock. This is a big milestone. This has been quite a bit of hard work that we've all worked towards this objective and I am pleased to say that much of this is behind us. I can now announce to our shareholders that the merger integration is progressing quite well. Our business momentum is building and we are beginning to leverage our expanded capabilities. I am very proud of the leadership team that we have in place now. I think we have a great platform that I’d like to also talk about. Last week, and the week before we announced a number of new leadership appointments and a strong new organization and leadership structure to be better prepared for the globalization of the world’s capital markets. We can no longer have all our leadership in the United States, no longer have all our leadership pocketed in London. We need our leadership to be much more spread out, we need to expand heavily in Asia and we need to empower more and more of our functions as we build out to anticipate the changes in the global capital markets as the world become less dominated by dollar-denominated assets and as GDP growth in Asia and South America continues to grow. And so, much of the cultural – much of the business platform changes is not just related to the merger of BlackRock and BGI but much has to do with the changes that are going on in the economic landscape. In addition, we had to be more prepared to be in the right position in the – what I would call the post Fin/Reg Basel III capital markets. I think this is very important, I think many organizations are going to be impacted by the changes and I’m pleased to say that our business model in the post Fin/Reg Basel III environment is incredibly well-positioned and so some of our changes are in anticipation of how we believe the world would be looking. This took a great deal of time, it took a great deal of leadership focus and the euphoria – enthusiasm internally is quite strong right now. I do believe people are very much focused now and now communicating with our clients and building more and more momentum. Let me talk about business environment that we experienced in the second quarter, Ann Marie spoke about that quite a bit. Obviously market sentiment changed dramatically from a very positive view of the world through April and then beginning in May we saw a deterioration of confidence, a problem in Europe with sovereign credit, which then caused a deterioration in the global capital markets, a severe market fall, which led in our opinion a dramatic slowdown in high-end consumer behavior. We are a big believer trickle down economics and the wealth effect has had a big impact on the economy and now we’re beginning to see throughout the economies a economic slowdown from the faster phase of the first quarter. We still remain to be constructive but our clients in the second quarter as we used to see and witnessed in other institutions’ second quarter results, clients did slowdown. Clients in some cases froze from getting prepared to put a great sum of money to work to saying, “Wait, let me just watch what is going on. How do I best prepare as well.” But the reality is despite most clients’ behavior, this low rate environment is very destructive for many clients. Clients have a large mismatch between their needed return on the liability. Low rates are aggravating it. The uncertainty how to invest in higher yielding assets actually aggravates this situation and the conversations we are having with our clients today has never been greater. Some clients are looking to put more money to work, many clients are now looking to do things related to minimizing risk and putting more money to work in indexing. Some clients are looking to put index money and then hedge fund money to work. So we are seeing varied behavior. If you look at the mutual fund flows, they slowed down dramatically in the end of the second quarter from the faster paces of the first quarter and the second quarter. So we had – we did see a market slowdown. But what I can say because of these dialogs we are having with our clients, I believe our business model has never been better-positioned to work with our clients. No other platform in the world has the risk management tools, the beta products, the alpha products to have these conversations with our clients. And so I believe having this platform allows us to have quite comprehensive conversations with our clients. I would also add, I'm going to talk a little bit later related to iShares, I strongly believe that the iShares platform, having an ETF platform, changes the dynamics quite a bit on the beta products. Because of the liquidity afforded in the ETF platform, clients are looking in their asset allocation strategies whether it’s tactically or more of a fundamental strategy, the utilization of ETFs. At having our platform having the ability to do index products, ETF products and coupled with all our alternative products and fixed income and equity products in the fundamental spaces has really given us the ability to encapsulate much more of a holistic conversation with our clients. We are not going to win all of that business from our clients but we are involved with our clients in these type of discussions. And so we are –our belief about the combination of BGI and BlackRock, the combinations of beta, the intersection of ETF’s and all our alpha products is really coming to fruition. Let me just pause a moment on performance. I’m very pleased to say our performance in spite of the real volatility in the marketplace and on top of that a large merger integration, our manufacturers, our leaders and the businesses performed very strongly. Our fixed income fundamental team has had extraordinary good performance. All our mutual funds are in the top quartile. And so we are continuing to build momentum for the future especially in the mutual funds side of fixed income to really build a much faster platform. We still have our three and five year numbers in that area, but I am pleased to say that the performance returns in our equity platforms in our alternatives as evidenced in some of our performances and our equity team especially in our European platform has done quite well and they continue to do quite well through July now. Let me talk about flows, obviously this is a much more complex story. It’s very lumpy. We witnessed in the second quarter very large inflows and very large outflows. We saw a continuation of dis-synergies due to the merger. We still are seeing some clients who are removing some of the assets un index and other product areas. And so we continue to see these issues and changes. But I am pleased to say we are wining. We had the non-merger, non-scientific equity, non-cash – that’s a big complex sentence, but we still – we saw about $28 billion of organic growth in the long-dated products. It's important to note about cash – I said this in the last few quarters – as we continue to have low rates, if we continue to have low rates, we are – the money market business is not as competitive as bank deposits. Banks are still offering higher rates than money market funds, but I can say we are witnessing now as banks are building so much cash and now with two year treasuries trading around 60 basis points we are now beginning to see the banks bring down their deposit rates and the competitive arbitrage between bank deposits and money market funds is narrowing. So, we don’t believe going forward we are going to see the type of outflows and quite frankly we may start seeing as an industry more inflows if two year treasuries continue to trade where they are trading now and if obviously they trade even lower then we're going to see banks are going to have a harder problem offering 30 or 40 basis points for overnight money as a competitive platform versus money market funds. Let me talk about scientific equities. This is an industry – we call it scientific, the industry calls it quant, this is an area that’s still under duress. We’re still under duress and this is a legacy BGI product. This is an area when we did our merger, we saw the underperformance and so this is part of our merger, dis-synergies that we expected to see outflows and those outflows have continued in the second quarter. There is less and less assets now in the problem product areas. I should state that our – some of our scientific equity products are actually doing quite well. Certainly in our Asia products, we’re doing quite well. Canada, some of the other areas and Europe are doing very well. So, this is not a story of complete problems this is a story of mostly problems related to Australia where we had a turnover in personnel and we had under performance in the scientific area and a problem here in the United States. In the fixed income area, our flows are not as robust as our competitors. Much of it has to do with – most of the flows in fixed income has an industry is in the mutual fund area. We're seeing our flows, but we did not have a stronger platform as some of our competitors in the fixed income area. As I said, I am very pleased in our performance year-to-date. Our one year numbers are strong as I said in some cases in the high yield area we are in the top decile. In the core products we are in the top quartile and so we are doing – we’ve done a great deal in terms of restructuring our fixed income platform and we are seeing the benefits and we are seeing the benefits quite – month by month by month. So I do believe we are going to begin to start seeing competitive flows in that area. So, we are – it is a mixed bag, but we believe we are beginning to see more momentum now with the restructuring of our corporate structure and our platform. Let me just talk about assets. Assets were down 6% as a platform. If you think about how larger our international equity platform is and if you take into account FX, international equities with FX components as a part of it was down over 11%, and so as an assets base down only six compared – I think we did quite well relative to the market and that’s a indication of our out performance relative to the some of the liabilities that we – that we look against. So you have to look at a combination of FX in terms of as we calculate all assets on a dollar basis. Ann Marie spoke about pipeline. This pipeline doesn't – is masking all the in’s and out’s. The pipeline is a net $59 billion of which $47 billion is long dated. This takes into account – we know of a very large as much of a $15 billion outflow – this is netted – that was a client because of the merger integration where we had over 40% of our assets and – the client is – will be taking out $15 billion in the third quarter and so the $59 billion is netting all the in’s and out’s and so we are starting to see more and more momentum now with that in line. Let me just talk about our mutual funds. I believe we are continuing to build a very strong platform. We’re the third mutual fund platform in the United States. We’re third internationally. We have a real opportunity to become much larger. We had great – or building a great business in the sub-advisory business in our mutual fund platform. In the U.S we had some very large wins that’s a part – is a part of our retail platform. It doesn’t show up in our mutual fund platform, but it shows up in terms of our interconnection with our clients and that has been – continue to be great. In our international mutual fund platform we're seeing some very large changes going on. More and more institutions are going open architecture. And then when they first go into open architecture, they open it up to 10 or 15 different third-party providers. As they start understanding the interconnectivity between open architecture and their internal asset manager, in many cases they conclude they have too many outside managers. And in three very large cases in the first six months, three large distribution platforms narrowed their external parties to as few as three firms, some five, in every case BlackRock is one of those providers and so there are major changes going on the distribution platforms. And we have, because of our scale, because of our products and performance, and most importantly or just as importantly our continuing growth in our brand and our brand recognition, we are developing these very intimate relationships with these distribution platforms. And I do believe it is going to be a very large engine for forward growth as we build out these strong connections. And I do believe this speaks loudly as we are going to see in my mind the have’s and have not’s very similar to the banking industry and the insurance industry or you are going to have fewer and fewer third-party providers allowed in distribution platforms and so I do believe we will be positioned quite well for that shelf space. Let me just talk about our ETF platform iShares. We are very pleased to say that our market share has been very strong. Obviously a little lower as more and more participants come in, but much higher than we thought it would evolve to. At the end of the second quarter our market share is approximately 46.5%. And so we are very excited about our positioning and I do believe lot of our positioning has to do with the dynamics between our iShares team and the institutional and our mutual fund side and I think that represents a very good connective tissue between iShares, our mutual fund team, and our institutional team. We are – we used to believe institutions are larger component of the ETF platforms worldwide than retail. So when people talk about ETFs and they compare them to mutual funds I think this is not a correct measurement because there are so many new participants and many new institutional clients are using this as a hedge, as a tactical allocation and this is why the connectiveness between BlackRock’s ETF platform and our institutional platform is very important and we are – we are seeing more and more opportunity. I am pleased to say when providers, distribution partners, like Fidelity and Schwab, we have large connective relationships with them as they are trying to build up their platform and we play a big role in their growth. The other thing that is very clear that we need to continue to invest in our ETF platform to be competitive to offer other products. We believe globally ETFs ere going to become much more dominant, especially in the emerging world, South America, where we are the leading platform and in Asia. I mentioned branding, but let me just talk about that again. We are spending a great deal of time making sure that our messaging is broad based, it’s global, it’s institutional, it is retail, it is solutions based. And I think we are very pleased with the slow but steady progress in building our brand. And we believe our brand continues to be enhanced by all of the connectiveness. We are extremely pleased with the connectiveness between our iShares branding and our BlackRock branding. We believe both platforms are benefited by the connectiveness of the leading ETF platform of iShares and the growing brand and growing presence of BlackRock. BlackRock Solutions is having really an exceptional year. Over the last two years during the financial crises much of the revenues were one-timers in terms of solving short term problems for our clients. In 2010, we knew we needed to find replacements in those revenues and we won quite a few Alladin assignments, 40 new overall assignments in our solutions space. We started off the year worried about how can we build upon it. And I can tell you today, we are now worried about do we have the right – do we have enough staffing to handle all of the opportunities. One of the great opportunities that we're seeing now for BlackRock Solutions obviously, A, is a continuing desire in having world-class risk management tools. Unquestionably financial reform is putting more pressure on risk adjusted returns and then Basel III is going to have a pronounced impact on many of the leading banks in terms of how they navigate their balance sheet. So, we are seeing huge inquiry worldwide in how we could help our clients in terms of navigating Basel III Fin/Reg. And we are in – we have conversations now – and I am not here to suggest, we’re going to win them all, but if we do win these few assignments we are going to have some extraordinary growth in terms of the opportunities in the solutions space. Ann Marie spoke about the global solutions. We believe more and more clients are looking for multi-asset solutions. We had two large wind in the second quarter, which identified the types of complexity that clients are looking at, one was the Ohio 529 plan, in terms multi-product a combination of institution and retail connective tissue to get this relationship. And then when – where we won a very competitive platform called the (inaudible) of UK which is about 5.7 billion euros, which is multi-asset class, heavily weighted towards sterling based assets. But, it’s an example of the uniqueness of our platform of presenting multi-asset category solutions for our clients. And we continue to believe that the solution based assignments will continue to drive and drive very strongly for our platform. Let me just talk about – again about our margins. I think there was a lot of concern about our margins after the first quarter. We have been very successful in the second quarter in making sure our operating margins are strong at 38.8%. This is the time in which where we had obviously extreme volatility, negative markets, and yet we had great discipline over the course of the quarter. On top of that our margins stayed strong even with our strong investments. We are going to continue to invest in Asia. We are going to continue to invest in our iShares ETF platform. We’re investing in our trading platform as we believe scale is going to become a more important component, an identity of BlackRock, and we will continue to build our brand. The other thing that we announced in the last few weeks is a strong build out in our alternative space where we believe we have very large opportunities in building out that platform. One last thing I would like to just reiterate, which we – Ann Marie discussed and that was our – and that was the Board approving the 5.1 million shares stock repurchase. This is reinstating a program that we had prior to the last two years. We are going to – this is taking an approach that we have those many shares of dilution over the course of the next (inaudible) year. However, it is up to management’s discretion to determine when we purchase these shares and it is fair to say the purchases will probably be more front-loaded in terms of when we actively go into the market place. I should probably talk about Fin/Reg and Basel III – the president will be signing the bill today. We believe it will have a much bigger impact on the financial landscape than people understand. Obviously there is much to be –there is much information that we still need, much of it is in outline form. But we do believe it will have a pronounced impact on institutions that rely on balance sheets. BlackRock does not rely on our balance sheet. We believe we have great opportunities in terms of where we are taking this business. In addition, we believe the outcome of a more capital-intensive balance sheet business is going to lead more and more businesses and products to the capital markets. This is why we did the reorganization in terms of our corporate structure because we do believe the growth in the global capital markets are going to be the large outcome as a result of Basel III and the Financial Reform Bill in the United States. No other firm in the world is as prepared in the terms of products, in terms of footprint to take advantage of these opportunities. And we believe we are in the right position. Our business model is secure, our business model is very—we are in a very good position to take advantage of the flows especially if client need to start doing things with our cash and short-term products. Our performance year-to-date is strong and our solution based model is in intact. As I said earlier, the leadership changes we made lead me to believe that we have the strongest leadership teams that we ever had at BlackRock and I do believe our leadership team is world-class compared to our peers in any financial services arena. I want to again thank everybody for a lot of hard work in the second quarter. It was difficult, but I can say today now in the third quarter this is behind us. We have a lot of opportunity in front of us. Let me open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Larry, may be first if you can help us with regulatory for I am thinking about may be how to build and another issues like money market capital charges could potentially affect the industry and also BlackRock. Then also may be you could talk about if you may need to modify several pieces of the business like the bank holding company in the U.S or the regulated entity in the U.K with the capital charges.
Laurence Fink: Well Fin/Reg doesn’t speak about money markets funds. I mean that’s a separate issue the SEC is working on. We’ve had meetings with the SEC as recently as two weeks ago. The big issue for money market funds will – is going to be how the SEC – do they demand variable NAVs. That to me is a most important issue related to the money market business. In terms of capital charges, our proposal has been to have capital charges that we could build over a number of years that we believe we need to find ways and making sure that money market funds are as competitive as any bank deposits. So, we believe were the industry to go to the next level we believe there have to – we have to have as competitive product as a money market industry as bank deposits. With the FDIC guaranteeing up to $250,000, the deposits now – we need to make sure that we have some form of safety for investors. And I do believe the shadow NAVs is a good start. I do believe the industry in which we are in favor of having liquidity bank is a very good first step. And so we have a leading position with the market in trying to make sure that we are in front of this, but at this moment I don’t see any real threats to the financial situation related to the money market funds. In terms of bank holding company and in U.K., we don’t see anything related to Fin/Reg having – or Basel III having any real impact on BlackRock’s business. And so I need to – Craig, give me a little more color as to what specifically are you asking about for us.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse:
 :
Laurence Fink: Well I don’t, A, we don’t know how long they are going to have in terms of and why they – whatever businesses they may have – that may be restricted or inhibited through these capital charges than to our prohibitions [ph]. So, I don’t think in the near term, it is going to have any demonstrative impacts on any of the banks. I do believe the biggest issue will be how does Basel III impact capital and capital charges. And what I do believe out of that out growth is you are going to see a reduction in balance sheet, so obviously that’s having a big chilling effect on the economy who is going to be the lenders and how we’re going to do it and I do believe that’s going to lead to more capital market activities. And so that’s how we’re building our platform. We’re having these conversations we believe that opportunistically these are really good things for us.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: Okay. A real quick one for Ann Marie on the short-term assignments, the solutions business, you had a bunch of wins this quarter. Actually it seemed like a pretty high number. Does that set a difficult comp for solutions revenue in the third or fourth quarter some of those run offs is that something you can maintain there?
Ann Marie Petach: I think as Larry mentioned that we continue to see as regulation comes out and given some of the atmosphere in Europe good opportunities. I would also note that in solutions what we are seeing compare to a year ago is actually a stronger mix in the base business because some of the people that we did do advisory work decided to migrate on to the platform and use the full tool set. So, actually if anything our revenue mix in solutions compared to a year ago has a greater mix of the ongoing revenues and a smaller mix of the advisory assignments as compared to one year ago.
Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks for take my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Mike.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks a lot. Just a quick question on the flows. Thanks for breaking out I think the 34 billion separating that out relative to the kind of core business is helpful. In that 34 billion is there, and I’m just trying to go to you guys give a lot of numbers, is there 26 billion you know that’s related to the quant product and then the remainder would be more related to the dis-synergies related to the merger?
Laurence Fink: Yes.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Okay and then just in terms to the pipeline, I think last quarter the pipeline was at 35 billion and then when we see the results if you combine cash and long-term we are at 30 billion as like outflows. So I’m just trying to understand I know you said as a number, but just from the timing like when we see that 60 billion it's obviously a very healthy pipeline. But from a realization is that – typically realize over the next say, two to three quarters, one to two quarters and same thing just on redemptions like when can those pop up just so we kind can gauge those numbers?
Laurence Fink: Yes. Let me have Sue talk about it.
Susan Wagner: So, Mike, that is a great question. We actually track our agent to try to – to be able to get greater and greater insight on this point. As you might expect that agent non-redemptions is much lower (inaudible) on inflows as a typical matter. So we would typically expect redemptions to occur within the next quarter if they carry over and so – and then inflows can I would say on average over the course of two quarters. And it's very hard across to predict and to give you a sense of will these offset each other in the some timeframe.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Alright, that's helpful. And then I guess just on the investment and the expenses just being higher particularly in G&A, I guess just for Ann Marie is this a good – a fairly good run rate if we strip out that 28 million of G&A that’s related to the merger? And then I guess just going forward in terms of the new investments you've mentioned some things on the distribution side, products like alternatives. So, I guess where are you seeing the most opportunity for this investment to drive new business growth? And I think you've mentioned the international distribution opportunity. Anymore detail there in terms of which markets and then from a demand prospective which products are being demanded by these new clients?
Ann Marie Petach: Yes. Well, first of all you know I do expect us to continue to invest -in the business. So we will have expenses in certain areas going up as we do that over a longer period of time. At the same time we are going to continue to reach synergies. But that’s not going to necessarily equalize in any period. The important connection is the one you drew which is the connectivity to revenue and our opportunities to really grow the top line and where we see opportunities out. And Larry clearly talked about iShares, where we continue to see that market expanding. We are not necessarily thinking about market share expansion there, but we are seeing more and more opportunities. We are introducing new products and we are continuing to compete there. Define contribution we're again relative to our capabilities, I think historically what we were paying under weigh relative to where we are. Larry mentioned some great wins in the pipeline – with respect to multi-asset class where clearly we are seeing more and more people and we are investing and really our capability to work together with clients because that’s one of our advantages upside that we can bring with – together with multi-assets to help people solve investment problems. The next one I would mentioned is because it was part of our leadership announcements really alternatives. I think we continue to have great opportunities within that platform. And then you mentioned geographies where clearly Asia, just from a growing market perspective is a real opportunity as we are seeing some of that realize quickly, for example, in some of our Asian iShares and really that’s where for example our quantitative product is going very well. However, certain of these opportunities are going to pay off and realize and relatively quickly in revenues while others such as Asia are going to play out over an extended period of time and we are committed to investing in both, both opportunities that will pay off immediately as well as opportunities that are going to had a – well for a long term growth consistent with the growth. Larry, I don’t know if you–
Laurence Fink: I would just add another – pardon me.
Ann Marie Petach: Yes.
Laurence Fink: And we are committed to build out BlackRock solutions and hiring. We continue to see huge opportunities there. And as I said earlier, we actually have shortages of people right on the handle some of the inquiries. And the other thing that we are making large investment and we continue to build out. The pay day for there is going to be about another year from now and that is our trading platform that we are going to build and we are making sure that we can do more of the internalization of our trading. We're looking how we link that up with BlackRock Solutions to provide that to our third-party clients but we are hiring quite a few people and building this out and it’s generating a lot of energy within the firm that we could really truly differentiate ourselves through this initiative.
Michael Carrier – Deutsche Bank: Okay That’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Okay. (Operator instructions) Our next question is from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
Bill Katz – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you, good morning, everybody. Couple of questions if I could, Larry, from a big picture perspective you mentioned you talked about capital markets perhaps taken some market share back from the banking system on the other side of the Basel. Can you talk about exactly what you are doing there? Are you building out – is it just trade execution? Is it broker-dealer capabilities, just trying to get a sense of how capital is being redeployed?
Laurence Fink: Well, we are not going to get into the trading business, we're not going to be changing our business model. Now we're building out this more non-dollar-based manufacturing or hiring people in Singapore in credit. We are building more equity teams and so we just build out a larger more robust global footprint. As you know I heard that IPOs in Hong Kong were greater than IPOs in the U.S. this year. So, as you see more and more growth in the equity markets overseas or growth in the credit markets, securitization in Europe is exploding. We are basically dead in the United States. They need to have a much more global footprint, a larger manufacturing platform even for U.S. investors it’s a requirement in the future. I don’t believe most investors have those capabilities and most investors are not preparing themselves for the changes that are going on. Too many investors are too reliant – or too many investment managers are too reliant on dollar-based assets. And the changes in the world, changes in the capital markets are happening very, very fast. We’re spending a great deal of time getting prepared for that and as they said, Basel III with higher capital (inaudible) is going to lead more and more of the asset finance business is going to be done to the capital markets. You’re going to see more and more corporate buying market growth as banks are going to have less corporate loans. And you’re going to see – as markets expand, you are going to see the growth of the capital markets in the form of IPO’s and in expanded equity markets and we want to be there and take advantage of it.
Bill Katz – Citigroup: And that’s helpful, thank you. Second question I have is another big picture question there. The Vanguard VC guide into the I guess ETF business a little bit more pronounced with a pretty low fee product in the S&P and then recently iShares lowered its fee rate on its gold – in the – gold portfolio in the U.S. Are these one-offs or do you think that there is potential for pricing pressure in ETF business collectively?
Laurence Fink: Well, on the gold funds, basically I can't speak about Vanguard per se and I can’t speak about our motives behind the gold fund. First of all, I would say if you look at the results of the gold ETF business, first mover receives a very pronounced advantage. The SPDR’s gold product was launched before the iShares gold product. It had a ten-to-one in terms of assets, 50 billion versus our five, essentially 40 versus our four and we – you know we needed to find ways to be more competitive and in that product it made a lot of sense for us to lower the fees where we believe we can get a bigger slice. That product is much more of an institutional product and we believe we have strong relations with the institutions especially some of the institutions are largest owners of that product. So we did this strategically more than with that product not as a statement about price wars. Related to the S&P product of Vanguard, Vanguard is our biggest competitor in ETF space. They are doing a great job and yet despite all of the power of Vanguard and all the new announcements of new participants in the market we believe because of the intellectual capital of our team, the product generation of our platform, our first mover position and our business proposition in terms of service we provide our clients, the customized work we are doing even with in some cases higher fees we still have a 46 plus percent market share in the world and so we pay attention to pricing, we pay attention to all those issues but we believe we’re in a very good position to prosper as ETFs become larger and larger.
Bill Katz – Citigroup: Okay, thank you. That’s perfect. And then just one last question just trying to counter-balance the near term pressure on margins versus synergies and then sort of a sustainable margin, so look out another year or so may be get past some of the investment spending you tick off four or five different areas, what do you think the right margin for your company is, is it still that 38%-39% or is there room for some of that to lift as the AUM start to build?
Ann Marie Petach: Certainly with market growth on top of organic growth, I would say that we can look for potential margin expansion. At the same time I think just in balance we remain more committed to top line growth and organic growth and growing the business than really running the business in order to save cost. So I guess I will continue to get the right balance and take out cost every where appropriate and then that may indeed translate to some improvement but not at the expense of the top line.
Laurence Fink: I would say though it is our view if we do our job right that we get it alright. We continue to have the investment performances that we are having –experiencing now across the platform. We – the investments we are making in alternatives start paying off in terms of growth in alternatives. I would say most certainly our margins will expand.
Bill Katz – Citigroup: Alright, thanks for taking all my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence Fink: Hello, Marc.
Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs: Hey, Larry, how are you? It’s on the non-US distribution. It sounds like there are some favorable changes in terms of the way the landscape of distribution is playing out overseas. Can you just discuss how far off you are from seeing a real pickup in flows outside the U.S. and may be just how the model is serving you now versus what you would expect over the coming quarters?
Laurence Fink: I would say, A, the – we are developing deeper and deeper relations with the distribution platforms especially in Europe and yet with the market copulation in Europe with the sovereign credit issues flows in Europe did slowdown. And so, we’re not seeing the flows but our presence, our position is – we are in the right space, we are in the right position and our performance is good so I think probably the most important think I can say, Marc, when the market does start stabilizing and we start seeing a real growth in long-dated assets we have never been as prepared in terms of being in the right position. And so that’s what we are doing now. We’re investing, we are building strong relationships. We continue to believe and hear from our distribution platform that we are becoming one of the key strategic partners and so as and we’re investing in those platforms and when those flows pick up from where they are today we will be a large beneficiary. In Asia, we continue to do the same thing and are continuing to build connectivity with the local distribution platforms. We still have a very dramatic position in Taiwan working with our strong distribution platforms and so all I can say is we are building this connective tissue. Our iShares platform in Asia is the leading ETF platform that is giving us greater connectivity with more players than we have ever had in legacy BlackRock. And so we are building a platform to be prepared when those flows are there.
Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs: Okay great and then you talked about the quant duress. Can you give us a sense of how much the scientific or the quant product, what the size of the AUM is there now and how do you think this sort of quant duress that we are under when do you see that sort of having [ph]?
Laurence Fink: Assets are under $100 billion now of which about $37 billion, $35 billion is U.S. and that’s were a lot of the duress is. As I said the other product areas are not – they actually have done quite well. And so we've done a lot of leadership changes there. We have reached out to a lot of the clients and this is an area that we are intensely focused on and in some of the non-U.S. scientific, because we are actually seeing some modest flows. So – but it is a product industry wise it is under a lot of duress. And it’s a product for the last few years as an industry that is under performing and as a product that before that had seven years of pretty good performance and so in many cases there are some disillusioned investors.
Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just in the multi-asset class portfolios look like – you’ve had some big wins there and some of the insurance outsourcing mandates. Can you talk a little bit about what the pricing is like there and when you look out to the pipeline what are those sort of map portfolio, what is sort of the pipeline look like for map portfolios?
Laurence Fink: Yes, we are having some very large conversations with some large players whether it’s fiduciary outsourcing in Europe, a few very large insurance companies in Asia and Europe. So, we are in pretty advanced conversations with a lot of these institutions. But, as you know this business is very lumpy. But, we’re pretty confident that we’re going to win our share in this business. Fees really is a function of the scale of the assets that we win and in terms of the – and the types of products. It could range from anywhere from eight basis points to much higher. So, it really depends on the complexity of the assignment and what we’re doing. And in many cases, it’s also connective and this is where we have an advantage, it may be connective to BlackRock Solutions. And so Equitable Life [ph] is a good example where it is a solutions based assignment and they are taking to – they’re going to be using a lot in.
Marc Irizarry – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operato: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Robert.
Robert Lee – KBW: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question and I apologize if you went through this earlier in the call, I jumped on a little late. But capital management, I mean, obviously I know you’ve announced a share repurchase and early in the year you had a nice increase of the dividend, but now that you’ve pretty much chipped away your outstanding short term debt I guess that’s about a 180, your cash generation is pretty big, can you kind of update us on how you’re thinking about it going forward and how that repayment is probably receding in terms of near term importance? I mean, are you targeting a certain type of dividend payout ratio and as you kind work through the integration with BGI, how you thinking about acquisitions on a go forward basis?
Laurence Fink: A, we’ve always had a target and this is a loose target around a 40% dividend ratio. So, we’ve always had that approximate guide post and we’ve try to work around that. I mean it is not set in stone, but it is a guide post that we’ve always looked at. And we look at share repurchase and dividends to be a part of what we should be doing for our share holders. There is no question that we are going to be generating much more cash and depending on capital needs associated with financial reform or capital needs associated with money market funds or capital needs associated with Basel III, if any, we don’t know how anyone will be impacted yet and as I said we think we are in very good standing but we – depending on all those uncertainties which we’ll know obviously over the course of the next six months one should assume that we will be either reviewing subject to Board conversations and approval our dividend policy and/or we may review our share repurchase policy. In terms of mergers, we are going to be opportunistic in terms of mergers related to our solutions-based business. If we can find data providers and/or technology enhancements we will be – we will continue to look at that and we will continue to be opportunistic there. There are many orphan ETF type full set of approaches to over the course of the year. In many cases we’ve walked away from many conversations as we were just trying to absorb our merger. And as our merger integration is behind us now, we have a little more flexibility. So we will look at some orphan ETF if they make sense. And so we will continue to do that. In terms of any large scale merger related to asset management, I would say that would be highly improbable. I don’t believe we need to do that. And I believe we have a platform in place that is unmatched, unrivaled by any other institution and now what we – and we are making those investments to making sure that we are prepared. And so I think we don’t have to do anything large scale and we are not even considering anything of that consequence. If we seen and opportunity in some of the emerging countries though in terms of an asset management platform that may help us as we grow our manufacturing. That could be a possibility, but that would be probably something very small based. But so I think it’s fair to assume that we will be generating a lot of cash and we will be actively looking, working with our Board in terms of dividend policies and share repurchase.
Robert Lee – KBW: Okay. Alright, thank you. And a question on what (inaudible) described me and I will call it the legacy institutional fixed income of BlackRock. Just trying to get a feel for how that business is going I mean to the extent you’ve had – I guess and I have trouble parsing through because you’ve I think broadly in the industry generally I think institutional fixed income business and kind of a net gatherer of flows industry wide. I mean it kind of feels like – and I know this is related to the merger that may be you haven’t gotten what I will call your fair share in that. Could you maybe kind of update us on how that business is going?
Laurence Fink: Yes. I think it’s – the merger did slow down our growth in term of fixed income. I do believe our 2008 performance hurt. And then we did the restructuring of the teams. And that slow down inquiry. I can't say that the dialog we are having now is very positive. We are having stronger conversations with the consultants now, with our clients, and we are winning incremental business, but we are – we have lost some fixed income business due to mergers to restructuring and so we are seeing some lumpiness. I would say more of the institutional flows are in the short end of fixed income not in the long end. I would also say most of the flows are more in the mutual fund side as an industry and fixed income. And so I think it’s no mystery where all the money is sitting. It’s sitting in the short end as evidence of a two-year note sitting around 60 bps. And so I think more and more money is just sitting there waiting to be redeployed whether it’s in the equities, alternatives or long-dated fixed income. And we do know many insurance companies are sitting with large pools of cash. They are not aggressively investing here and so you know – but I think it’s fair, Rob, to say that the merger integration slowed us down and the changes we made in 2009 with our leadership team in fixed income, people are watching us, and – but I can say today that we are having some very positive dialog and I feel very good about that.
Robert Lee – KBW: All right great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Laurence Fink: Okay.
Operator: With that we have reached the end of our allotted time for questions and answers. Mr. Fink, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: No, I would just say, as I said hopefully clearly in my presentation the – when we did our first quarter results we were in the midst of our merger immigration and now I can say very loudly to all our shareholders, to our employees that the hard work is behind us. We have a great leadership team, a great structure in place now. And I feel very fortunate to be leading this organization with the team that we have in place. And I believe we're in a good position now to really take advantage of the opportunities this platform has; it’s very unique and very different. With that, thank you, and I will speak to everyone in a few months. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ann Marie Petach - CFO Robert Connolly - General Counsel Laurence Fink - Chairman and CEO Sue Wagner - Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Robert Lee - KBW Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank William Katz - Buckingham Research  Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs  Jeff Hopson - Stifel Nicolaus Roger Smith – Macquarie
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. fourth quarter 2009 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Connolly: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly here with Larry, Ann Marie and Sue Wagner, who is our Chief Operating Office. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which list some of the factors, which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. I’ll now turn meeting over to Ann Marie.
Ann Marie Petach: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. We’re reporting earnings for the first time since December 1st acquisition of BGI. As you would see from the results, earnings have been positively affected by a combination of the BGI acquisition, continued strength in new assets, positive markets, continued cost disciplines, and strong business momentum. I'll be discussing primarily as adjusted results. Fourth quarter net income was $379 million, or $2.39 per share including $2.34 per share of operating earning and a $0.05 per share of non-operating money. Net income includes 29% compared to third quarter and over four times compared to a year ago. December 1, BGI transaction contributed $94 million to the fourth quarter net income. As a reminder, as adjusted results excludes BGI transaction and integration costs, which were $152 pre-tax in the fourth quarter and $183 million for the full year. These costs are comprised primarily of banking, legal and profession fees, restructuring and integration related compensation costs and other consulting and G&A expenses. Over $50 million of these expenses would have been capitalized under the prior acquisition accounting standard. These costs will continue into 2010 and are in line with the $300 million to $350 million estimates we provided previously. We will continue to exclude these costs from as adjusted results in 2010. For the full year, the net income was $1.21 billion and earnings per share was $7.30. Net income was up 19% from the year ago despite strong headwinds coming into the start of the year, which affected revenues and operating income, specifically in the first half of the year. Non-operating income started the year negative as the value of co-investments on the company’s balance sheet crossed in the first quarter. Since that time, we’ve been writing those assets back up as markets have steadily improved throughout the year. On a full year basis, our balance sheet investments ended the year up $2 million more than offset by net interest expense of $48 million. Note that the fourth quarter results will include the interest expense associated with the $2.5 billion of term debt, which we issued in December. Also note that the full year tax rate came in at 33% due in course with the favorable settlements of certain tax matters in the first half of the year and to the geographic mix of earnings. We would expect our 2010 tax rate to be higher in the 35% range in 2010. Fourth quarter revenues of $1.544 billion improved by $404 million or 35% compared to the third quarter and $480 million or 45% compare to a year ago. The improvement in revenues from the third quarter reflects $278 million in the base and facility lending revenues associated with the $1.8 trillion in AUM related to the BGI transaction. The improvement also reflects revenues associated with the $42 billion of positive long dated asset flows and over $22 billion of net positive markets and FX assesses on AUM. The fourth quarter revenue included performance fees of $125 million, the improvement of $76 million from the third quarter and $102 million from year ago, the improvement reflects a period of more loss than the third quarter a trend of improving fund performance and the additional BGI related performance fees. As far as the revenues trend it was pointing out that long-dated assets of $2.8 trillion at December 31 include not only the $1.8 trillion of acquired assets under management, also $221 billion of long-dated asset growth throughout the year. BlackRock Solutions and advisory fourth quarter revenues remains strong at a $108 million reflecting a continued appetite for analytic and aligning services and continued advisory assignments, although the piece of advisory assignments had well balanced for prior periods as great stability has returned financial institution. BRS continues to have a strong pipeline of financial market advisory, Aladdin and risk reporting opportunities as the focus of client has shifted from short-term assessment to long-term solution. As adjusted operating income of $561 million improved $161 million or 40% compared to the third quarter and $191 million or 52% compared to fourth quarter 2008. Fourth quarter included a $141 million of operating income related to BGI. The BGI acquisition and organic revenue changes explained earlier were key drives to the operating income improvement.  The operating margin as adjusted of 39.7% reflects the combination of improved revenues and continued cost discipline. As adjusted compensation cost increased compared to prior periods due to the addition of BGI employees and increased incentive comp related to improved earnings. Our compensations revenue ratio has been favorable at about 35% over the past three years. Those are performance of the financial market has started greatly over the past three years. We have consistently crossed the balance of interest of shareholders and employees resulting in stability and the constant revenue ratio. Our G&A expenses excluding transaction (Inaudible) expenses increased relative to prior periods primarily to the BGI transaction. In addition fourth quarter G&A included an increasing occupancy cost and a reserve associated with an outstanding collaborate loan to emphasize. Fourth quarter included only a $2 million benefit from balance sheet related foreign currency, whereas the fourth quarter of 2008 included a $31 benefit. With the fourth quarter income statement we have introduced a new expense line item called the (Inaudible) fund expense. This item includes expenses, which are directly related to the Fund’s operation but paid by the company. All of these expenses are essentially recouped by the company through a unitary fees of (Inaudible). These expenses include index-licensing fees associated with iShare product, (Inaudible), transfer agencies and Fund accountancy. We have isolated these fees as their expenses, which are likely to bury directly with revenue or network accounts or other metrics whether associated with the volume of the business. The increase in this expense compared to prior periods relates to the BGO transaction. The BGI transaction did not affect our balance sheet exposure to seed in co-investments. We did not acquire any such investments with the company. Overall balance sheet exposure remains at levels greatly reduced from a year ago. The total value of investments portfolio stands at about $840 million or about $735 million excluding investments which represent hedges or which are hedged. As I mentioned earlier, the last three quarters have actually been a trend of gradual write up for these assets. Offsetting a portion of the write down was given in the first quarter of 2008. As I have said before, we do not run any proprietary investments, but rather invest alongside our clients or feed new products as required for the base business. As you will see in our 10-K the BGI transaction has had some material effects on the balance sheet. Most notably, our acquisition of the UK group pensions business will add about $140 billion of offsetting assets and liability. Based on 141R acquisition accounting, the BGI transaction will be valued at about $15 billion and will come on to the balance sheet primarily in the form of the intangible assets and goodwill.  The majority of the intangible assets have been determined to be indefinite life. The amortization of intangible assets related to the BGI transaction in the month of December was less than $2 million. In December we completed all of the long-term financing associated with the BGI transactions, including the issuance of 37.6 million shares to Barclays Bank, the issuance of 17.8 million shares to other investors and the issuance of $2.5 billion of term debt. Fully diluted shares at the end of the year were about $196 million. In summary 2009 was an extraordinary year in terms of in improving business trends, markets and transformational change. The combination of organic growth and the BGI transaction has positioned us uniquely to work with our clients and deliver solutions to their investment and liability management objectives. We also have broad diversity of the investment product and with management tool, which allow us to support clients with their knowledge that we are working fully as fiduciary on their behalf. With addition of iShares we have a new suite of products well suited for retail and institutional investors in a rapidly expanding market. As we enter 2010, we will be exploring both efficiency opportunities in our base business as well as investment opportunities to continue to support strong organic growth in the future. With that I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thank you, Ann Marie. Welcome, everyone. I would like to wish everyone a happy new year and importantly welcome all our new clients, our new investors as this is the first formal phone call of a conversation related to our year-end and more importantly our closure of the BGI transaction on December 1st. And so the firm is actually in a very good position in terms of where we are going forward and let me describe some of the key activities as they looked out in 2010. As we reflect in 2009, BlackRock results strongly indicate that our business model of providing asset management and risk management services to retail and institutional clients, worldwide is working and that we are very well positioned for 2010. An independent investment management company with a strong fiduciary culture, an organization that has no proprietary trading, it don’t complete with the clients whereby virtually 100% of our revenues is client driven business, an organization that invest and manages more money for teachers, firemen, school teachers, individuals (Inaudible) in the world, I believe our business model has proven especially in these times to be a business model that works in a more scrutinized in a more transparent world of investing. And importantly I believe the platform of BlackRock, of multi-asset products, having a strong position in beta products and alpha products, strengthened fixed income equities and alternatives with a strong risk management culture has positioned BlackRock to help and assist our clients with their investment in risk management needs and I believe this will set us apart in 2010 as it set us apart in 2009.  As our fourth quarter release stated our merger with BGI has progressed very well. We are very excited about where we are at this time, a little reference, when we closed our MLIM transaction in 2006. That transaction took eight months from contract to closing, the BGI transaction which is far more complex, required a much larger proxy solicitation, much more complexities in the businesses, we closed that transaction in six months, some times it’s held very hurried, some times we made mistakes, some times we miss communicated, overall though the merger closing went extremely well and I am very please to say that we are in a very good position going forward.  We are very excited about the intellectual teams with BGI interfacing with the BlockRock teams. As I said here today in late January, I cant tell you that excitement we are seeing worldwide with our employees on the opportunities we have in terms of blending the different business products together and going to our client representing a one solid product across regions across distribution channels and obviously across products. The intersection of beta and alpha is be coming more for announces. We believe clients worldwide asking just as many questions about beta strategies as alpha strategies. And these strategies are not separated anymore, where maybe five or ten years ago when people thought about beta it was much more simplistic and now through technology and innovation much of it from the historic legacy BGI and other firms of the intersection of beta with alpha is becoming a very important component of our conversations and positioning with our clients. And it is that intellectual (Inaudible) that we have from legacy BlackRock and legacy BGI that we’re bringing in across to our clients.  As we stated in the press release integration is very hard and we’re going to have more bumps and we’re not going to have this completed for about two years as we stated when we closed the transaction. We are on target though on schedule we have already put all the global cash products on our laden by the end of the first quarter we’ll have all legacy BGI products on our Greenrisk Management risk reporting platforms and so we are moving ahead quite nicely and we are working very closely and trying to bring all these products for clients. I need to just be very clear to everyone, merger integrations are hard, free everybody on to one platform on to one BlockRock platform just takes times, it takes commitment and takes repeating ourselves many time. We have been successful, as I said, to date. We’ve many more milestones to ensure that we are representing our clients onto one common platform and we are coming with one common voice across the world. Obviously as the world is changing, as the financial markets change as governments reflect on how best positioned the financial markets, we’re working alongside with those changes with the regulatory regimes at the same time we’re doing integration. As globalization continues to expand this also means we have to change our business model as we try to grow internationally, which I’ll discuss a little bit later. Let me just go into some of the assets under management and trends hopefully for those who read our release we’re trying to be as transparent as possible, we’re providing you with information on reported basis, on a pro forma basis and we know these trends and all the numbers can be difficult to understand so obviously we’ll prepare to answer a lot of questions. Assets at the end of the year were $3.346 trillion. We had continuous strong growth in the fourth quarter of approximately $85 billion of long dated commitments with and then we have about $42 billion of total organic growth after some advisory and cash management reductions. What’s very impressive for the year for long-dated assets we had approximately $200 billion of organic growth as a firm. This is on pro forma basis and we repeat that as using all the years’ performance of BGI and BlackRock. I will also like to say very light and clear please don’t annualize it. We hope to have an extraordinary year in 2010, but until we have our arms around integration and our platform, I’m not here to tell you this is going to be a reoccurring growth rate, I hope that we can achieve that, but I need to put caution with everyone. Fixed income as we continue to rebound from the problems we had in ’08, we had strong performance, which lead us to have some very strong momentum. For the quarter we had $43 billion, a new organic growth $14 million of those was active and $29 billion were through index and ETFs.  For the quarter, equities grew by about $36 billion, all of it and then some was in indexing about $46 billion was from indexing. The active side of the equities was down about 10, all of it was from a legacy BGI product, Quant Equity product, which is under some stress now like Quant Equity throughout the industries under a lot of stress right now. This is a business that we are very committed on, this is a business that we believe is going to be robust in the future, but what we had to do in some of our fixed income products over last few year, we’re rebuilding that product and we are experiencing and we expect to experience some more outflows in that one product area. Institutional flows for the quarter was close to $50 billion. For the quarter, our mutual fund platforms, the legacy BlackRock mutual pie funds grew about 11.6. And iShares platform for the fourth quarter grew by about little over $21 billion was also very remarkable in terms of the iShares positioning, this has been recorded earlier. The market share for iShares platform in the ETF space actually grew last year and we’re adjust under $500 billion in total assets with an industry above just crossing over a trillion dollar of total assets. BlackRock solutions continue to see very strong opportunities in growth. For the year, we had more assignments than we’ve ever had before in the fourth quarter, new assignments were 14. And we just announced a few weeks ago the acquisition which is very small of a product called Helix. And I think is going to have huge opportunities for BlackRock in the future. This is a little product that always going to be allowing us to analyze commercial mortgage backed securities taking the structure and digging down below the structured and analyzing every loan. I think one of the outcomes of the credit crises has been too many investors rely too heavily on rating agencies and did not have enough analysis of understanding what’s in the structured products. One of the strong positioning of BlackRock solutions in a latten will be allowing our investors to use this Helix products to analyze their holdings in commercial mortgage securities and understanding all the base assets, all the loans, how they’re performing on a period-by-period basis. And we believe this is going to be the new fiduciary standards and this is one of the reasons why we bought this, because we believe having that information is going to be necessary if you’re going to invest in these products, not just for BlackRock, but all of BlackRock clients who use the latten system. So albeit is a very small and little acquisition, but we believe it’s going to drive a lot more opportunity and we believe it is going to once again raise the level of fiduciary standards what is necessary when investors buy the structured products. That’s also very important to note we crossed the $9 trillion mark in terms of assets that we are analyzing whether its risk based analysis or latent system for BlackRock solutions. So if you think about the $9 trillion in the solutions based plus the three plus trillion dollars at BlackRock, we have responsibilities of risk management and investment management of about $12 trillion, pretty impressive numbers. Pipeline remains robust and we continue to see some strong strength of this year, our pipeline is about $38 billion of wins on funded and we continue to see strong flows in our mutual funds and iShare’s platforms. Let me go over some obvious statistics that I think are important to note and that’s the balance of BlackRock today, which is an important component as we think about our business. Little over $1.1 trillion or 35% our business is active today. About $1.6 trillion or 50% of our business is passive, $350 billion or 10% is cash and about $161 billion is advisory or 5%. And so this firm is very unique in terms of the business mix between active and passive cash in advisory. Well I think is also very remarkable when you think about BlackRock where we were four years ago, five years ago. We have $1 trillion of fixed income assets, but we have $1.5 trillion of equity assets. On top of that $350 billion in cash or $102 billion of alternatives, $141 billion in multi assets, then about $161 billion in advisory. Another important characteristic of where we are and where we think our business is going, about 40% of our business is now international which I spoke about over the passed few years, this is an important characteristic and that is $1.3 trillion. And about 60% of our business in U.S. is little over $2 trillion.  And so our business mix is very different and more importantly the amount of business that we are doing in the non-US space is growing dramatically. This is where we are going to invest in the future. We continue to believe this is an important characteristics for us and we will continue to spend money in investing overseas especially in Latin America and in Asia. The other area that is interesting to look at as we think about our businesses are mutual fund ETF investment trust or (inaudible) assets are now more than our separate account. So we have $1.8 trillion in these bundle types of products and in separate accounts we have $1.5 trillion. So what I’m trying to flame out to everyone our business is very different today as it was even a year ago and this is one of the real characteristics and differentiating features of BlackRock going forward. As we have these products, as we grow the one area growth that we think is going to continue to really differentiate ourselves that is in the multi asset product space where clients are looking for more fiduciary outsourcing or looking for much more of comprehensive business. In that area we saw some very large business flows and that will continue about trend in 2010. The other opportunities we have as a firm going forward with our business mix is going to be in this fine contribution space. This is a space that we have never been as large as some of our large players that we believe as a sub advisor to some of these large platforms we have some very unique opportunities to provide in the DC space. The other areas I’d like to just emphasize where I believe we are going to continue to have some dominance, clearly iShares. The business there is going from straight to straight. The teams internationally and domestically have been very protective of the entire ETF space. We’ve been vigilant in terms of making sure we are providing product that needs the test of time. We do not have nay leverage or inverse ETF, we don’t believe ETF should be used as a speculative tool and yet we sometimes worry about in terms of making sure that we are creating the right products that will stand the test of time. The synergies that we see right now between the iShares team and our BlackRock mutual fund platform team is incredibly strong. If I would have to say that one real surprise (inaudible) connection and opportunities that we have together in building opportunities in the retail space with beta and alpha products together. Institutionally as our fourth quarter suggested, we continued to have very unique opportunities institutionally globally. As you could see in our press release, we continued to have some very strong market momentum of the official institutions and that business has now crossed over $236 billion in terms of assets. So great growth, great opportunities and we continue to see great successes in the taxable institution space or the insurance base where clients are looking more for fiduciary outsourcing in different products. I don’t want to spend too much more time because I think it’s important to open it up for questions. We are very well poisoned for 2010. We have a lot risk though, we have the risks of making sure our business model is correct as governments and central banks and are looking at restructuring the financial institutions. We need to make sure that we are differentiated and then clients understand who and what we are. We have to make sure that our integration continue to go smoothly that our customers who comes first that we representing our clients continually and we need to make sure that we are vigorous in terms of making sure we have growth in all our product areas and in those cases in which we have needs for rebuilding or enhancing, we will be doing that. One area that we are continuing to be bullish on and yet we’ve had a very difficult time especially in the news of real estate business. We have unfortunately been in the news a little too much because of a bad investment in New York city sort of which we, I think we identified many quarters ago that we actually noted off many quarters actually in 2008 and 2009 and yet it is still an unfortunate point. We are not perfect, we always have to rebuilt despite our scale, about despite our size, we need to vigorous in terms of rebuilding, rebalancing and fixing where there is need to be fixed. And we said real estate is an area that we believe into the long run and we are committed to this area and we believe it’s going to be an opportunity for us in the future. We are not alone in the (inaudible) in real estate. We are just have been highlighted in the last few weeks, but most of the real estate platforms have had a very difficult time. We look at this as an opportunity for BlackRock and we are working with many clients on these opportunities.  Quant Equity in another area that is under a lot of stress industry wide like real estate. Many firms are moving out of the space. We believe it is a great space despite under performance and despite large out flows, we believe the product will stand the test of time, we believe the product will be a strong product in the future and we are very committed in making sure that we represent ourselves in that product area to itself I’m here to discuss just all products are doing well, I’m not suggesting that BlackRock does everything perfectly. I would say overall though in 2009 we had a great year. We are very well positioned and I’m very bullish on our business model. I think our business morel has been incredibly validated throughout 2009, I believe we are well positioned for 2010. I believe we have opportunities not just in the United States but globally and I believe we are well positioned in the asset management side as any investor and manager in the world. With that thank you to all the employees and working incredibly hard in terms of the hard work of this integration it is been a remarkably intense period of time (inaudible) there is too many quarters and they saw like a broken record. But I’m very proud of the employees including our merger off in such a record point of time continuing to build momentum and continuing to build our client relationships. I’m standing in and we are sitting here today as a very proud CEO in terms of the success of the BlackRock team.  With that let’s open it up for questions.
Operator:
.: 
Robert Lee - KBW: A couple quick question, first I’m just curious is there any update on your expected cost savings from the acquisition, of I remember correctly I think overtime you talking initially $200 million or so, any change in that?
Ann Marie Petach: No, no change in that, but what I did say in my comments is that we really are going to be balancing, getting the cost and efficiencies in the business and at the same time, appropriately investing in the business to continue top line growth.
Laurence Fink: I would argue that if we found more cost savings it will be all really invested in different parts of the business, whether it’s iShares, the fine contribution in Asia or Latin America. So I think this is the time (inaudible) in investing in a lot of ways not just giving the synergies out. We are reluctant in the synergies, so I don not want to lead you in the idea that we are not committed in terms of making synergies out of there, but I will tell you if there are more synergies I don’t know that going to show us because of our belief that we need to continue to build out.
Robert Lee - KBW: Okay, Larry I know you just mentioned about, you are feeling that, I guess the BGI sales force in the BlackRock, I guess wholesale and sales force (inaudible) well but, I’m just curious, how do you dealt the fact that you have so many product and so many categories, I mean how do you actually kind to get an (inaudible) sales force to focus on that breadth of products, I mean do you?  
Sue Wagner: Are you talking more institutionally? 
Robert Lee - KBW: Well actually I guess it’[s both, really both retail and institutionally.
Sue Wagner:  Let me start up and say at this moment starting yesterday we have our institutional global team here talking about that. How to making sure that we represent our clients, making sure that all our team legacy teams learn each others products. And so this is a big part of the integration process. I think we have a done a very good job in a very short time doing that but the key is going to be in terms of employee education on the product and making sure that each of our client service team have the ability to market and understand those product. An importantly that they are good listeners to our clients and their needs and then coming back to some of the product that we have. And so this is a issue, I think you said it very clearly, on the retail side we do have two separate teams on the ETF team, the iShares team is separated in terms of product versus our historic and legacy mutual fund teams. And so on the retail side we have less have issue and the other end we need make sure and we are doing that to making sure our ETF team, our iShares team has the ability to (inaudible) our mutual fund platform product and vise versa. So this is going to be ongoing educational process. As I said we have the meeting today, I’ll be speaking to that team at lunch today. But it is an issue and I think you should ask that question each quarter and to give you a better statement as to how we’re doing but in the short run I think we’ve shown in terms to our clients that we are a pretty good beginning in terms of offering products. I was in Europe, I guess last week, have been two week ago now (inaudible) so two weeks ago and we had a clients meeting were about 13 clients for dinner in Amsterdam. And they were talking to me about how they really don’t know today who is a legacy BGI or who is a legacy BlackRock person, though we have representatives despite well and we’ve done a quite a good job in terms of bringing all the products to them. Those that I think in the state of the CEO, who is right before bonuses may be somebody ask to do it, but I think we’ve done a good job to date where we have lot of education in front of us.
Robert Lee - KBW:  Great. And may be just a follow up question for Ann Marie, I think I may have missed it, did you say that the intangible amortization related to the transaction was only $2 million in Q4, I may if understood that? 
Ann Marie Petach:  Yeah, it was just a little bit less than $2 million. The bulk of the intangibles were in definite loss.
Robert Lee - KBW:  Okay, and with the definite live intangibles is that some, could you give us sense of any proportion that is tax deductible, and may be what kind of tax benefits it may be over to drive from it?
Ann Marie Petach:  No, I think that looking at individual pieces that the whole tax equation, I touch to give you an idea of the year, to bring to most of the total tax rate my comment sort of being the 35% range in 2010.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Just first question Laurie, now I think your product manual has really expanded in to really every significant side out there, I was hoping to provide a little perspective on flows and this liquidity crisis is really followed out and you see in force go to money markets and then the credit and convertibles and equities we start to see some dripping session of pesticide. Where do you think we are between really the institution on the retail channel in charge in terms of moving back to equities, and how do you think actively manage domestic equity stands and can we get better flows there in just in time. 
Laurence Fink:  We still continue to see or despite we had a very strong fourth quarter in terms of cash relative to the industry, we still believe we’re going to see net outflows and cash, because we believe we’re going to see a persistently steep yield curve in 2010 and which will move money out from cash to other risk based assets whether it’s a two year treasury or emerging market debt. And so we continue to see that in terms of institutional cash institution to the city with records amount of cash. Institutions have actually 2.5 years of excess cash flow a record amount corporation the United States do not really come to the debt market, say how that much cash sitting with them, so there even have to raise new debt if they have debt maturities over the next year or so. And so we see large cash balances with an institutions have not restock your inventories as they historically have or one would suggest with all those cash we’re going to obviously more M&A activities from corporations over the course of the next year. So that’s more on the corporation side and to in terms of investor cash we are certainly seeing more and more investors migrate from cash to other risk based assets and I think that will continue to be the case. And on retail side we still see retail moving from money market funds into demand deposits, because we still see that trend I think that trend will persist and but let me talk about in terms of retail flows. Our retail flow so far are very strong this month into equities especially internationally I think our flows month to date is way over a billion dollars in terms of retail flows, most of it is an equities and some of them fixed income in terms of the US, I don’t have the clear picture on the mix so I can’t talk about that, but I think you heard something Craig, I believe we’re seeing a continue flow out of more active strategies into index strategies, I think that will continue, I think investors are looking for some form of beta we still see very strong trend out of the US equities into emerging market and global equities, I think that trend will continue this year we’re seeing that both domestically and internationally our fastest growing funds are global opportunities fund by across to $61 billion mark so it not just global of funds but funds actually build from the US into different product areas so we continue to see the same type of trends that we saw after the second quarter into more international products. I don’t see any trend changes on that Craig so I think those the trends that we saw in the third and fourth quarter will persist at least for the foreseeable future.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse:  And any hope for domestic active accretes?
Laurence Fink:  If you have performance, if you have the right products, the question you can see it, but I still believe you don’t did (inaudible) fund which I just talked about the $61 billion fund has great opportunity he get, but always money in US equities if he choose, I think we’re going to see more flows into more, if you’re going active strategies you’re going to more these actively allocation strategies, I think we’re going to see less money going to the bucketed strategies of S&P or things like that so one should not think that this is just going out of S&P or domestic strategy. They’re going to more I will tell you at client spend more time investigating beta strategies we were ask going to be bar bell and moving more into more actively treated equity strategies like our global allocation fund. S I think you’re going to see more bar bell as people to have a higher concentration on beta.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Deutsche Bank.
Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank:  Just the question, when you get to these asset levels, the question always comes up on the organic growth side and how you to maintain, maybe not the level this year, but just the healthy level on continues to drive pretty good earnings growth. So I think we can always try to gage where investors are the flow commentary is helpful, I guess on the distribution side whether its on the retail platform or the institutional or the US and particularly international just now with the new BlackRock including BGI where are you and where do you see like the greatest opportunities whether its getting into new clients or the offering some of the products that maybe one in those distribution channels?
Laurence Fink: The biggest trend as I said to Craig was I think you’re going to see continue large allocation to beta strategies, large allocation from retail into ETFs as you have instantaneous flexibility of going into a sub category whether it’s a financial intuition, inductor or a semiconductor inductor, or a healthcare induct or if you want to have beta strategies that are going into country specific of Mexico, or Brazil or India or China to regional inductor like MSCI and other product area. So we’ve never had that flexibility and this is one thing I’ve said this very loudly to all to anyone who had listened to me in terms of working with regulators and governments. I think people don’t truly understand the transformation of investments for individuals and institutions with the advancements of ETFs if they have such quick flexibility of moving into different asset strategies. We never have that flexibility of instantaneously investing in Brazil or Taiwan or India. And so the speed in which investors can migrate into different strategies still is going to play out for the years to come. And if going to change its scope of investing and I think this is something that is still not totally recognized or understood. But I think we’re going to continue to see some very strong flows in our beta strategies institutionally and retail. We’re very constructive on alternatives, I didn’t say that nothing in my prepared talk, but I think as I said crises both institutionally and retail are going to do more bar belling strategies. And we saw some very good flows that our CIA platforms as clients are putting large sums of money back into hedge funds, (inaudible) part of the bar belling strategy that we’re seeing. As I said in my prepared speech, I don’t expect to have or we should not plan on having the same type of organic growth that we had in 2010. But I’m pretty constructive on our positioning for organic growth versus our piers. I’m not here, I can’t project what type of organic growth we’re going to actually achieve, those in the function of a growth of the global capital markets. But one thing is certain for me as Central banks worldwide move away from quantitative easing or in another words buying assets. What that means to me is that they are going to be more dependent on the growth of capital markets, because who is going to finance the U.S. or who is going to finance Europe as Central banks are not going to be the financier in the future and to be more dependant on the global capital markets to be the financier of developed growth. So I am quite constructive that the global capital markets will continue to grow and I can’t see another firm that is as well positioned to take advantage of that global growth. And that’s going to add to the organic growth as our clients will start building more cash, more opportunities, they are going to be looking to put more money to work outside of cash, I think we’re just in a very good position. I would say though we need to continue to build that Asia and Latin America to really see the lot of that. We’re not as well positioned as we should be, because much of that money is not going to go into dollar based assets, it’s going to go into global markets as shine at and other regions build their own domestic capital markets. And so that’s for the opportunities are making sure that we are positioned to take advantage of the growth of global capital markets in the world.  
Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then Ann Marie just two questions on some of the numbers on BGI. The margin looks like it come in at 45%, which is much stronger than it was last year, what due to the market. When you talking about the synergies at 200 just get where the run rate is today. Much of those synergies in the current run rate on the expense level and underperformance these overall any sense of how much of the performance fee or related to BGI?
Ann Marie Petach: As far as the BIG margin and going forward, we’re not going to try and segregated the two results, because really as a combined part, it’s a big random where the results end up, because we now have BlackRock people reporting to BGI people, BGI people reporting to BlackRock people. But I wouldn’t try and dissect a lot into the individual margin or transaction As far as the performance fees of the 125 about 24 on the income statement was provided to BGI.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of William Katz of Buckingham Research.
William Katz - Buckingham Research : Hi guys thanks very much, just couple of questions as I wondering you’ve still come back to be join yet again may be you talked generally about display contribution maybe Latin America and etcetera. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about specifically we have seen the greatest lift for BGI over the 12 to 24 months.
Laurence Fink : You mean BlackRock
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Yes.
Laurence Fink : I think I said this last year, I think it will be in the beta products were I just believe we’re going to continue to see some real growth, real opportunities if we’re able to expand the product by having actively manage ETF specially in terms of asset allocation products, I think will be a very large growth area. I do believe we’re going to continue to see very large growth in our non US ETF products. And I do believe clients are going to continue to allocate heavily into fixed income into municipals especially [goals] and so I think more the same is going to happen Bill, I don’t think there’s going to be remarkable reversal, I don’t think we’re going to see a huge reversal into actively manage our equities, but I do believe as we see today and our mutual area we are seeing a continue growth in active equities, but not to the same extend as what we’re seeing in the beta products. Alternatives will continue to be an area that we’re going to be emphasizing, so as the world improves as the global capital markets stabilizes, I think we’re just in a very good position to take advantage of those opportunities in flows. I don’t think there is any thing I could highlight other than maybe the beta products as we see more and more clients barbell using the beta and asset. So we are very just very well positioned for that type of conversation of managing both beta and alpha products. I would say which I didn’t’ in prepared talk, the one thing that I could say as surprise too is we are not seeing as much of issues with our clients in terms of concentration issues, I don’t want to say we haven’t seen any can we have seen some, but I would say the lesson we’ve budgeted when we announced the transaction last June and clients have separated the beta and alpha strategies buy in large in terms of thinking about how they should they think about the new BlackRock. 
William Katz - Buckingham Research : My second question as of last quarter I’m suspect (inaudible) you ask it anyhow. You obviously generating significant amount of free cash flow. You put the term debt on so to curious if you could talk a little bit about the dividend policy maybe a share repurchase and share repurchase in the construct that you’ve had some interesting legalization being proposed by the President about ownership changes of prop changes and extra and too your largest shareholders obviously you have indirect ownership on your stock so one that there is an opportunity here may be too enhance the floats and how or maybe use the shares to be purchase from that so curious more broadly on your capital management plans?
Laurence Fink : The given policy is reduced in the first quarter by our board, but I think our policy has been consistent in the past and I believe that consistency will continue on going forward and I was speak to on behalf of the Board and so that something will be announced sometime in February when we up, our next board meeting on terms on dividend policy, but I think we’re going to have the same consistency so we could look back and see how we have done it in I would think it will be pretty very similar in the future. I don’t see anything addressing with the President announced in the (inaudible) I would actually say that as we still don’t know what ultimately happen and it will be we will take sometime for Congress to come to terms with what the President spoke about I guess the broker rule or the broker plan or whatever I think if something of that nature occurs I would actually think the investment in BlackRock is actually a better thing because we have proven to be a higher returning asset for them and so if anything I would think their ownership probably more a stable and what have been otherwise I cant speak about my large investors and their financial situation but there is no question A we will be fight full in the future in terms of thinking about float if there are any opportunities with any of our large investors will be flat full in terms of share repurchases if there was any changes with our large investors and so I think all those things are open issues, we’re going to have some very large free cash flow and with that free cash flow we either can utilize that in terms of more acquisitions in terms of BlackRock solution space we’re can use that for just general business opportunities or we can use that in some form of dividend or share repurchases and I think we’re going to have many options with the free cash flow that we’re going to have in the future, Ann Marie, do you need to go and add anything to that?
Ann Marie Petach: No.
Laurence Fink: I can’t be committed on anything, Bill, so basically – things.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay just one last question, thanks for taken all the questions. This has been some interesting developments coming out of the SEC as I guess going to get simply board on over next day so around the money market business, just sort of warning to even update and so how you view the business, how do you see that economically viably you obviously talked about some further market share grows in the share to demand deposits have seem straight forward, but just sort of longer term, may your thoughts on the business?
Laurence Fink:  I love the business, it’s a business that we’ve think with our positioning with corporations in our scales are going to be great business for us, I do believe we will be one of the strong entities in the space in the years to come. I do believe the money market business in area that government needs to roll over shut down and look at because of the reserve fund situation there was a period of time where the money market business was under severe stress, we needed the liquidity bank of the federal reserve to stabilize the money market business and the commercial paper area. And so one of the outcomes will be some form of capital that will be set a side, which would obviously lower margins in the money market business if that’s going to be required and we have been very involve in conversations with our regulators on this, if something obviously that we are involved in and that we will continue to be involved in, but we believe the money market business will evolving to large scale business with few and I believe we will be one of those fields will be heavily involved in that in the future and may have lower margins in the future if were our capital going to be needed to stabilize the business. I would also reflect though after the crisis was over in terms of the reserve fund I believe they were turn pretty over 99.75 of all monies back to their investors and so much of the problems with the money market business was some with a liquidity run and some of it obviously was credit that returned 99.75, but it’s going to clear to make the money market business robust and strong for our client, I believe there are going to be some pharma need to having reserves of capital associated with that business. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs :  Question on the DC channel. Can you help put that opportunity for BlackRock in perspective, particularly we’re hearing a lot more about guarantees in that channel and that’s seems more to be an insurance product rather than national management product. How do you sort to plan to go-to-market there and particularly could you comment on guarantees in DC?
Laurence Fink: 
, :
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great that’s helpful. And then just in terms of the pipeline, can you give us some information on the long term of the breakdown of the pipeline by assets?
Laurence Fink: Somebody is turning to the page and giving it to me, Ann Marie, just gave it to me. Let me see pipeline (inaudible) forward. Total fixed income is $23 billion, the total pipeline is 25.7, 25.7 is the pipeline of fixed income, brokered 50-50 with passive and active. And equities is $6 billion, it is $3 billion of outflows and fundamental and $9 billion of passive, that’s still the issue of the quantitative equities. So it’s out of the pipeline, $36 billion of the stated 32ish long dated and there is year-to-date out flows in cash.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs : Okay. And what have you seen in terms of your win rates of business since the closing of the deal, have you noticed any change in the metrics of search activity that’s notable?
Laurence Fink:  Searches, very, very strong and that’s a function of clients re-looking at their risk tolerance and starting to think about making more money than cash returns. And so that’s the function of where we are in the cycle. I don’t have any trends in terms of wins versus anything I can tell you, we are involved in more special situations, we’re involved as much more multi asset products strategies with clients. Clients are looking to us to send a great deal of time. I think the important trend which is very different than any year and that is in the ETF space of our iShares.
[Audio gap] :
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Great. That’s helpful. And just in terms of sec lending, what impact did that have on your revenues this quarter and how should we think about that going forward given sort of the outlook for rates?
Laurence Fink:  Three issues in sec lending, sec lending one is you make money on the cash balance of that, cashes virtually zero and the return so that will continue to be pulling down the returns on sec lending. The other issue on sec lending though is just borrowing rates. And we saw as I said earlier, very large flows into hedge funds and also we saw that hedge funds in November, December actually de-risked a lot, because they’ve had such gains, so the real question is, are we going to seek higher utilization rates on sec lending as hedge funds have more capital to invest. It’s too early to make that determination, but those are the two big areas for sec lending the cash return which is going to be small and will remain small on the borrowing rates on the equities or the fixed income. And do you have anything else? 
Ann Marie Petach:  The other comment I would make is that for recording we are combined sec lending revenues along with our base fees and the reason for that is the really split between those is a bit random. So some clients might choose to pay no base fee and really we take 100% to some kind of revenue share, some might not share much of the sec revenue, lending revenue, but might pay a larger base fee. So that as we really analyze this business we found that really representing something as a sec lending revenue number with a bit of a random not really represented as number. So we’ve included that because we really do it as a bundle business and the bundle pricing is the relevant pricing not to individual segments.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel Nicolaus.
Jeff Hopson - Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, great thanks a lot. A couple of questions. On the number side, the BGI 95, is that just pure operating or does that include the effect on interest expense. And then Larry on the ETF business, obviously you have a great market share, great momentum, but a number of players have come into the business some significant and some concerned about the fee pressure there, can you respond to that concern?
Laurence Fink:  We’re very bullish on our position in the ETF space. We believe our position is one of tremendous strength, we see more opportunities than we’ve ever seen before and yet because of the increased completion, because of the expansion of the product, we have never anticipated or believed that our market share will remain at (audio gap). We believe our growth will be very strong because we believe the space is going to grow very fast as more and more players did it and they are actually feeds upon itself. We look at this is as a growing business and yet we would not be surprised if our market share went down with new players, new opportunities. I would say though there are lot of noise about active ETF, I think in many cases active ETF is misunderstood, active ETF would be a very hard product to have a liquidity that people are looking to have when they invest in ETF. That is one of the key components of ETF and that’s liquidity.  I would say clearly having first mover and scale will remain to be a very dominant reason for people using iShares, but if you can not create the liquidity in the construction of an ETF, it’s going to very hard to have liquidity and so in a pure active ETF the constructors are going to need to know the active managers portfolio every minute to construct the underlying assets to build ETF and create liquidity and I think that is not understood as well it should. The reason why ETF have succeeded is in my mind, liquidity and the opportunity to invest in a product or a region or an area and I believe that will continue to be the dominant reason for investing in ETF.  As we expand ETF products, the key is, can we create liquidity in those other products and that’s less certain. So I think we’re in a very good position. We have dominant positions in most of the regions of the world in many of the products, we continue to innovate and create new products we’re focusing on many products such as fund to funds of ETFs which will allow us to have the liquidity a global allocation ETF those of types of products that we think we’ll have a lot of applicability in the future, but we welcome the competition, we would agree with those competitors are getting to the space this is a space to be in and so we’re certainly not freight and we believe there was room for many more.
Ann Marie Petach:  And let me come to back to your first question the $95 million related to BGI net income is indeed just in after tax statement of the operating results, so its does not include the interest expense or any other expenses associated with the transaction or that in for take the interest expense for what be an ongoing expense.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Roger Smith of Macquarie.
Roger Smith – Macquarie:  I’ve just have one follow up on the money market funds. You’ve talked about regulatory capital. Could you give us more specifics around what you’re thinking there, would you believe that Tier 1 ratio would be inline or is that something with in industry fund.
Laurence Fink:  No, lastly we are looking for as an industry fund, I think the biggest mistake in the system is socializing credit risks and that’s exactly that’s the banking system and that’s why people now looking at okay we have socialize risks how we manage socialize risks and I think that’s one of the key is that Obama plan is to reduce some of that socialize risk. So the last thing we need to do as socialize money market risk.  I believe firms that get into their money market business need to set aside capital if not Tier 1 or anything like. Steady side capital associated with the business whether that’s four basis points or five basis points no different like a loan loss reserve or whatever that number is appropriate and I’m not here to suggest and has been determined yet. But setting aside a capital and building up a capital base over the course of the number of years, so you have capital associated specifically for that business. At the moment our auditors will not allow us to do this, we are not allowed to set aside capital and so we need to relief on this to allow us to set side capital specifically for this business as a means to have a loss reserve for that business and right now it is prohibitive because we can’t do it and this is the type of thing that we are suggesting, I’m not suggesting we should not have some form of maybe industry wide liquidity bank, but the liquidity bank cannot take credit risk and the credit risk have to fall in the individual manager. This is a dividing line between us and some other players I must say as we don’t believe in socialization of credit risk and I think the Obama plan is actually stating that related to the banks and the last thing we needed a new socialization of credit risk. 
Roger Smith – Macquarie: Okay, great. And then on the alternative does look like things are starting to get a little bit better here. Can you tell us what do you think the appetite for the view on risk is from institutions in here and as it really looking for multi manger funds or is it single manger or what sort to happening in the alternative space.
Laurence Fink:  I think its really a function of the clients experience from ’08, ’09. I think if you had brushed with fire and badly flinched those institutions have less risk appetite and those who only marginally we’re harmed and now we’re looking at opportunistically investing. So we see in a multi manager products of large continued interest we did have great year last year in our multi manager products and so we are seeing flows and in inquiry because of our experienced and in our individual products we are starting to see more flows, just this week, I think its $300 million going up to $600 million mandate from our state pension plan in our global asset fund, this is the legacy BGI, single strategy of global investing and so it really depends on the clients appetite, but world wide I would say, as I said clients are looking for multi manger products, but they were also looking for a single manger strategies were benefiting from both and I think this is all function of the bar bell that I have discussed repeatedly during the phone call. 
Roger Smith – Macquarie: Okay and then just lastly on the scientific equity, what’s going on there that the closing investors could leave that the product and then how big is that product at BlackRock right now?
Laurence Fink: The product is approximately 100 millionish today (audio gap) as we said, we’re very constructive on it, but it is an area that other firms have announce either abandoning other firms are de-emphasizing and we are committed in building, so it is an area that’s under stress in 2010, it is an area that we knew that’s under stress when we looked at performs of BGI and it still remains to be under stress, but it is an area that we believe has real strong of long term applicability as an investment product in equity.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen we reach the end of the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink, Miss. Petach, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink:  Just once again thank you all the employees who are listening. Thank you to our investors who tolerated us during these trying times and through this integration. As I said earlier, 2009 turned out to be a very strong year for BlackRock, for investors, for our clients, for our employees and I’m very excited about the opportunities we have 2010. Thank you everyone.
Operator:  This does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ann Marie Petach -- CFO Robert Connolly -- General Counsel Laurence Fink -- Chairman and CEO Sue Wagner -- Vice Chairman and COO
Analysts: Roger Smith -- Fox-Pitt Kelton William Katz -- Buckingham Research Mike Carrier -- Deutsche Bank Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital Marc Irizarry -- Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Hopson -- Stifel Nicolaus Craig Siegenthaler -- Credit Suisse Chris Varr [ph] -- CLSA
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. third quarter 2009 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert Connolly: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly. I'm General Counsel, BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie and Sue Wagner, our Chief Operating Officer make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.
Ann Marie Petach: Good morning, everyone. As usual, I'll be discussing primarily as adjusted results. Third quarter as adjusted net income was $293 million or $2.10 per share. This includes $1.86 per share of operating earnings and $0.24 per share of non-operating earnings. Net income improved 23% compared to second quarter and 28% compared to a year ago. Note that the third quarter GAAP results included a $45 million deferred tax benefit related to a tax law change. We've excluded this benefit from our as adjusted results because it is tax law related. The as adjusted tax rate was 35%. During the third quarter, we continued to see substantial improvements in equity and fixed income markets, with equity markets up 15% or more since June 30th. These improvements in market tone positively affected long-dated asset flows as investors continued to seek higher returns and reduced tax assets. While equity markets are still about 10% below year ago level, assets under management actually reached a new peak at $1.435 trillion at September 30th. These improvements positively affected the revenue, operating income and non-operating income results. We have maintained cost discipline and continue to benefit from our diversified business model. Our $42 billion pipeline includes $36 billion in long-dated assets. Revenues of $1.140 billion improved by 11% compared to the second quarter. The improvement in revenues reflected $14 billion of positive long-dated asset flows and $78 billion in positive market effects on AUM. The revenue declined by 13% compared to a year ago. This is despite net new business and long-dated assets of $18 billion and new advisory AUM of $116 billion. This is explained by the effect of equity and alternative market declines on average AUM. As to the revenue trend, it's worth pointing out that long-dated assets of $981 billion at September 30th are actually up 6% compared to a year ago and that includes an 11% increase in equity and balanced assets compared to a year ago. BlackRock Solutions and Advisory revenues remained strong at $127 million. This reflects a continued appetite for analytic and aligned services to our traditional business as well as continued advisory assignments. BRS continues to have a strong pipeline of financial market advisory, Aladdin and risk reporting opportunities. As adjusted operating income of $400 million improved 32% compared to the second quarter and decreased 7% compared to the third quarter of 2008. The revenue changes I mentioned earlier were a key driver to the operating income results. The operating margin as adjusted of 40.1% reflects the combination of improved revenues and continued cost discipline. Excluding hedge changes in deferred comp, compensation changes were driven by changes in incentive comp that is compared to both periods and reduced staffing levels as compared to a year ago. We have continued to increase the bonus accrual to reflect improvements in income. Third quarter G&A expense included a $3 million benefit associated with balance sheet foreign currency effects whereas prior periods included more material effects. There was $18 million of expense in the second quarter and a $30 million benefit in the third quarter of 2008. The absence of these effects in the present period explains a material portion of the period over period changes in G&A expense. Excluding these effects, G&A expense relative to prior periods reflects strong cost discipline. Just note that the GAAP G&A expense also included $16 million of expense related to BGI integration. We expect to close the BGI transaction on December 1. We continue to estimate total BGI integration costs in the range of $300 million to $350 million. The key cost drivers will include transaction costs, professional fees, restructuring costs, technology synchronization, re-branding and marketing expense. As we have discussed before, BlackRock co-invests with our clients. The majority of these co-investments and (inaudible) investments are mark-to-market through the income statement in non-operating income. As adjusted non-operating income totaled $52 million in the third quarter. This reflects improving spreads under stress debt, particularly really some mortgage-related products and positive movements in the private equity markets. Our balance sheet exposure remains at levels reduced greatly from one year ago. The total value of the investment portfolio stands at about $850 million or about $750 million excluding investments which represent hedges or those investments which are hedged. Third quarter results and business trends reflect strong net new business, robust pipeline, improved markets and cost discipline. This positive momentum is continuing as we get into the fourth quarter. The momentum and opportunities for the business should continue to expand as we close the transaction with BGI. We're very encouraged with the opportunities as our businesses come together in the very near-term. With that, I will turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Thanks, Ann Marie. Good morning, everyone. I would like to just give a perspective and a review of the markets over the last 12 months. As I guess everyday there is a new book on commenting about the credit crisis and everyone has new and revisionist theories about everything let me give you my perspective. So as we review our third quarter results, we need to reflect on the results in the context of the past 12 months and how we have positioned ourselves for the future. As the market began falling in the third quarter, collapsing in the fourth quarter and first quarter of this year, investors worldwide needed to reassess their portfolios and began to mitigate their risk as necessary. The results of these actions we've seen a huge hoarding of cash which pushed down equity markets, credit spreads and a collapse of confidence as people ran to the doors and put most of their holdings in cash. The Federal Reserve's aggressive response, lowering rates to near zero; the Treasury and the FDIC aggressive demands on our banks to raise equity began to stabilize our capital markets and gave a confidence to the system whereby people were no longer frightened of Armageddon and started to focus on their own issues and focus on how best they can respond to the markets new realities. Beginning in the second quarter, our clients would begin to look for opportunities to earn more than zero. Depending on the institution needs and risk appetites, some investors only took risk out to the two year, earning 96 basis points which is certainly better than earning zero. Many other investors started to look at opportunities in credit, looked at opportunities in emerging markets and other equity markets worldwide. And just beginning now which I'll talk about shortly, we began to see clients starting to refocus on alternatives. And so a whole beginning of re-stabilization happened at the beginning of the second quarter and certainly has now responded in the third quarter where clients continued to look for investment opportunities. More than ever before, they are assessing their risk management and their tools around risk management. With clients doing this worldwide, markets responded strongly as Ann Marie discussed. It is a significant increase in equity markets and the markets continue to rally. Obviously, from the low points of March 8, the markets are up beyond 50%. Much of the market improvement was more related to dropping that fear of Armageddon and getting re-stabilized and now much of the rally in the most recent few months is a continuation of clients looking to put money to work out from cash into other long-dated strategies. And also importantly, clients are starting to reassess their portfolio mix on a global platform. Many clients are looking at their dollar weightings in terms of our dollar assets. They're looking at international opportunities. So we are starting to see a much greater vision by our clients in terms of trying to respond to the opportunities in the futures. I don't want to say we're back to normal, but we are clearly involved in more conversations than ever with our clients and trying to assess their portfolio needs. In addition, clients are reassessing their liabilities, trying to understand best how can they position their portfolios. Clients are looking to respond to these issues, but importantly, because of BlackRock's platform, because of our mix of products, because of our mix in geographic opportunities; we are seeing more opportunities with clients than ever before. We are involved with more and more commentary with our clients and trying to have them assess their issues. And I will talk about what this all means as we finish our merger with BGI in a minute. Let me just go over some specifics. I will be somewhat redundant from what Ann Marie has said, but I am particularly proud of our third quarter's results of $2.10 on an adjusted basis. Importantly, our operating income is up 32% from the second quarter of $1.86. And also importantly to reflect on was the huge equity down draft from last year. Our operating earnings are only down 7% from a year ago and that reflects the quality of some of the long-dated flows we are seeing and the mix of business that we are beginning to see. The other thing I think is important to note, Ann Marie suggested this, is our operating margins of 40.1%. Our operating margin is a reflection of many things, but I think overall management's presence in terms of making sure we have the right mix of people worldwide. And as a result we've been able to withstand the severity of the markets from last year early into this year. And so our margins do reflect the attention that management paid in terms of cost containment. AUM $1.4 trillion, up 4% in the quarter. This is the largest amount of assets of any reporting period in our history, another reflection on the robust platform of BlackRock in the globalness of our presence. In terms of asset flows, in the second quarter, it is basically consistent stories with my summary of the last year. Clients are starting to move out of cash into alternative investments. We never expected to receive dollar for dollar of outflows out of cash into longer dated flows. We are pleased with the mix of our business in the third quarter. I don't want to suggest that we're not trying to stem and stabilize some of the outflows that we are seeing in our liquidity funds. Liquidity funds are seeing outflows industry wide, which I will talk about. Much of it has to do with banks offering FDIC insurance rates at returns above zero. As I said if you could earn 96 basis points as a bank and if you could attract the positives to 25 basis points or something close to that, A, that is FDIC insured and it is more attractive than close to zero for a lot of people. So, in many cases we are seeing the outflows most in the retail spaces where clients are aggressively moving into these FDIC products. I think this is going to continue for a while. This is an industry issue. And I think we're going to have that drag for some time. But we are also having great dialogue with our clients when the opportunity arises in terms of helping them re-look at what they're going to do with that cash and in many cases helping them reinvest in some other long-dated items. What we are particularly attracted to in terms of the third quarter is our continued growth in equities, which I will discuss in a minute and especially in our international equity platform in the retail space. Our pipeline continues to be robust, about $42 billion odd and we are very close in winning some very, very large assignments, consistent with this fiduciary type of work we are doing with clients and having these very complete dialogues with our clients. In fixed income we continue to have a very strong, active and absolute returns. 18 out of 19 of our products are above the index. This is digging us out of our hole from last year in terms of our underperformance and we continue to be pushing ahead in terms of rebuilding what a very strong fixed income platform. The other thing I'm particularly pleased with in our fixed income area, the majority of our hedge funds are near or above their high water marks of last year. And so if we continued at this rate we will start beginning to see obviously performance based, performance fees in some of these products. In some of the products already we are earning performance fees. In one of our other large products we are pretty near that point. And in the fixed income side, we have in the pipeline about $33 billion of our long pipeline is in the fixed income area. I discussed substantially our liquidity and cash management side. The one thing I would like to highlight despite our flows, our flows are consistent with the industry. The industry showed about 11% decline in assets and that is where we are. As I said earlier, our flows have been particularly hampered and harmed because of FDIC insured products as a competitive product versus money market funds. Equities obviously a lot because of beta. Equities are up $61 billion this quarter but also we had $12 billion of net flows. We've had great performance in our international equities moderate to a little below average in some of our domestic equity products. Some of the noted products that are doing very well though our global allocation fund received another $3.4 billion of inflows. Dennis Stattman and team now manages over $50 million in the global allocation products. Our European equity platform that is continuing to grow and we are continuing to see one of the largest net inflows, mutual fund platforms in European equities is up $1.1 billion. Our old mining products are up $600 million. Our UK income products are in the top docile, in some cases, close to the top centile. And so our flows continue. Month to date in October in our European mutual fund platform we're up $1.2 billion month to date in equity flows. So we are seeing a continuation if not an acceleration in terms of flows into equities because of our global platform and importantly because of our performance in those global products. Probably the biggest change that we witnessed in the latter part of the third quarter is in our alternative space. Our alternative space saw nothing but outflows. From the failures of Lehman Bros. to the underperformance in some of our products of last year we saw significant outflows. In our fund to fund product we are having significant outperformance this year, overcoming the under performance of last year and we're beginning to see some very large mandates from large scale international clients in our fund to fund of hedge funds. In the last four or five weeks we've seen $1.5 billion of net flows in our fund to fund of hedge funds. Some of it is because as I said clients are returning to more risk assets, but importantly, a return to very good performance and consistent performance. On the real estate side, this continues to be a drag for us out. Assets were down about $1.2 billion. I don't think we're going to see real stability in our commercial real estate, multifamily real estate platform until mid next year. And so this is an area we are committed to. We believe long-term it's going to be a great business and, yes, the headwinds remain to be strong. I think the totality of the headwinds is probably reduced a little bit. I also believe the world already knows that the commercial real estate market in the U.S. is problematic, and generally when you know about a problem, the problem generally doesn't occur as severe as the fears are. Problems occur when we don't expect the problems that happen and when they happen, they happen in a much larger way. So the commercial area is something that we're watching or monitoring and we're doing a great job in terms of communicating to our clients about the problems in their portfolios, but our portfolios have performed like the industry, unfortunately poorly. But it is an area that we continue to believe in and continue to focus on. BlackRock Solutions continues to go from strength to strength, continues to strongly differentiate the BlackRock platform versus any other asset manager in the world. Through this platform we're able to provide with our global product mix and integrated multi-product approach to clients that interfaces risk management and asset management. And this truly does allow us to have a more complete dialogue as clients are trying to determine how they're going to manage their balance sheets, their portfolios, their liabilities and how best should they reassess their risk management tools. In the third quarter we have 13 new assignments in our platform. We have a very strong pipeline going into the fourth quarter. I should just put a cautionary note on our BlackRock Solutions business. BlackRock Solutions is going to be the technology product provider for BlackRock in our merger with BGI. This is obviously the largest money management merger. And so they have their arms full. On top of all these new assignments with clients, they certainly have a big job ahead of us in terms of making sure we have that robust one BlackRock technology platform. Let me just touch on two other things real briefly. Our financial institution group continued to see large opportunities. We are seeing huge, huge opportunities in terms of fiduciary outsourcing with insurance companies in the United States and overseas and we continue to believe this will be a big area for us in the future. In U.S. institutional, we still see institutions moving from fixed income into equities. And so we have some of those headwinds in the U.S. space as clients are starting to assess their risk and are looking to take on more risk. I should cite that if our pension funds are going to achieve their necessary results to have assets equivalent or greater than their liabilities, they're going to have to have a higher component of equities and probably even a higher component of international equities to achieve the returns as necessary. And/or if they don't do that, they're going to have to just go back to their clients and lower their payment streams, which to-date I've not seen any pension plan do that or any state fund do that. As I suggested in our retail spaces continue to go from strength even a stronger position U.S. long-dated flows is about $2.4 billion in the quarter. That was offset as I said earlier by some of the outflows that we have seen in the liquidity business. Our international and retail business grew by $8.7 billion year-to-date flows. And so it continued to go from strength. The performance is there. Our brand recognition outside the United States continues to really help us in terms of our business flows. Overall, I would say in a marketplace that exhibited extreme volatility from extreme depression to sometimes euphoria in the third quarter, we fared very well. Probably the most important characteristic that I would like to just cite, we performed very well in working with our clients on top of this largest merger integration in the history of the asset management business. As Ann Marie said, we are closing on December 1st, a little ahead of plan as we were unsure about how quickly we could get through the regulatory reviews and how quickly we could go through our proxy solicitation process. I should say we are not done with these processes yet, we still much to do to accomplish this. But at this moment, we are very confident that we can close on December 1st. I spoke to you twice publicly related to the opportunities related to the integration of BGI and BlackRock. We see as much opportunity if not more opportunity today than we did before. We are very excited about the integration of our all new partners. The BGI team is full of great intellect, great enthusiasm and a great respect for their clients. This is why we believe the cultural fit with BlackRock is going to be so good. The opportunities together are large. We are seeing more smiles today than frowns with both employees because this represents change. The opportunities we have going to clients, discussing beta opportunities alongside alpha opportunities with an overlay of risk management is tremendous. Earlier late last week I had the head of one of the largest endowments in our office yesterday. And they asked us to make a proposal to them and how can we overlay more beta strategies for this endowment. And this is the type of dialogue that we're going to be able to have through the integration of the index businesses of BGI and the very strong position of iShares in terms of offering products to our clients that can solve solutions, can add risk in a very quick, in a very short way through ETF. I should say add risk in a very transparent and a very low cost way. And so we are beginning these types of dialogues. The enthusiasm we have with our business leaders institutionally and retail of the dialogues of bringing beta products and alpha products is really gratifying. And we're just now beginning to have those conversations with our institutions. As I said repeatedly over the last 10 years, as a public company, it is very important as we do these integrations as we grow globally, as we expand our footprint, as we expand products, the one essential characteristic of this firm is that we have a one BlackRock platform, one technology platform with one overlying culture worldwide. We are on our way of doing this but I don't want to say we are complete on this. This is a two-year process, very similar to what it took us to do in the MLIM transaction. It took us two years. We accomplished a lot. So I don't want to just say this is done yet because it's far from done, it's going to take a lot of work, a lot of energy from a lot of people bringing everyone together. The one thing that we did announce between quarters that we went public on originally, we said we were going to change the overall name to BlackRock Global Investors. After a survey with employees at BGI and BlackRock, after a survey with consultants and clients, we heard back from everyone that the branded name should remain BlackRock for the overall company and that's what it will be. And then too, obviously we will retain in the ETF space the iShares brand which has a very unique position in the ETF space. And so we're going to have two strong branded names, the iShares platform and the BlackRock platform. In conclusion, as I said we just finished up our 10-year anniversary as being a public firm. I do believe the model of being public is a great model for investment management firms. We have shown over the last 10 years that we could manage ourselves on a quarter to quarter basis and a year by year basis, and now over a decade. We do believe the business is going to change as evidence of another merger announced last night. We think scale becomes more important than ever before. Clients are looking for a more complete relationship. Clients are looking for a larger product mix. Clients are going to be demanding a higher level of fiduciary responsibility. Clients are going to be demanding for more transparency. And I believe scale, being public is a way in which we could achieve those that connectivity with our clients. I would like to just offer a real large thanks to all the employees at BlackRock, at BGI. I know mergers are not fun. They are stressful. They take a lot of time. But on top of all of that time and stress we've been very resilient in working with our clients. And the behavior on both sides in terms of the merger has been very positive and the outlook is a very strong one for the combined firm on December 1st. Thank you, everyone. Why don't I open it up for questions?
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our next question will from the line of Roger Smith with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Roger.
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Thanks very much. My first question really is on the RFPs that you're talking about and you said it is much more robust business. Should we think about that happening right now in the third quarter and fourth quarter? Or does the activity really start, the discussions really start today and then the transfers of the money kind of really accelerate in 2010?
Laurence Fink: I'll let Sue answer that because she hasn't talked yet.
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: That's fine.
Sue Wagner: Hi, Roger. It is a great question. I mean the RFP pipeline represents (inaudible) and opportunities that are in process across an entire spectrum. So, I guess I would say as a rule of thumb that on average you are probably between one and two quarters lag from the time that something enters the pipeline to the time that a decision is made. But that is really an average with the best tail, we don't really have data that tells us that is something you can rely on.
Laurence Fink: I would also say, Roger, when you are working with clients on fiduciary outsourcing that is multi-products, the RFP process could be six months. It is a very long process in which working with the management team, sometimes their outside boards, and so really depends on the type of client in this RFP process.
Sue Wagner: What they're transitioning from. The other thing I will say though is that the pipeline that we report on AUM those are completed. So, those are actually wins that have either funded or are yet to fund. And the turnover in that part of the pipeline there is probably less than a quarter of that, that extends beyond one quarter.
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Got you. Okay. And then when I look at sort of the retail flow data that's going on these days, there is a lot of money going into the fixed income world and particularly it looks like it's global and then shorter-term money. Now is there a difference between what the institutional investors are doing right now sort of compared to the retail? Or should we think about that the same way?
Laurence Fink: Well as I said earlier institutional investors in the U.S. are moving out of fixed income and the equity, so they started to relook at. And so we saw some rebalancing out of fixed versus equities. We want some of that. Did not win some good, but we have seen that. And I think we're going to continue to see that. So you are seeing flows as you suggested in the retail and that continues. And I would just say our U.S. retail fixed income funds were not as robust in terms of our presence in the marketplace as some of our competitors. And this is something that I discussed about a year ago. We're putting a huge effort in it. We're putting a huge effort. We're beginning to see more and more flows on the retail side. But clearly I would say we didn't get the flows that some other firms have gotten because our presence in fixed income mutual funds were not as strong as some of our peers and we did not emphasize it as much up until about a year ago.
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And then is it fair to say that the flows that are going into the short-term bond funds would be more of a cash type of product or a temporary product and not necessarily a sustainable…
Laurence Fink: If you're talking about retail…
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Yes.
Laurence Fink: …I think some of it is just holding pens. I can't tell you; may be very sustainable. We're seeing overall even though clients are adding more risk. I think retail institutions worldwide have a higher degree of desire of having a larger component of their portfolio in some form of liquid assets. So I think if you had a cite the biggest lesson that was learned in the credit crisis was an under appreciation of having liquidity. And so overall I think there is going to be a larger component of investors continuing to be in some type of short fixed income product as a basis for liquidity. Whether that is short-term or not I think a lot of it is motivational change.
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. No, that's fair. And then you're saying it's very important to sort of stay in front of the clients and work with them to meet their needs. How do you do that on the retail side of the business?
Laurence Fink: We added more and more consultants in our system. This is why as we merge BGI, the iShares team is separate, so we make sure that we don't depreciate or diminish any connectivity we have on our mutual funds side. As I said, we have added net new wholesalers this year and consultants. We're trying to continue to build our presence with our distribution partners. We're having more and more seminars. We're just trying to spend more time with our distribution partners and trying to educate them on the world and products. I'm personally spending more time as is Rob Kapito in terms of giving speeches and seminars for large pools of FAs. I think I have one again tomorrow or Thursday where we're going to meet hundreds of people to try to just get the BlackRock name out and our products.
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Great. And then just the last question, when you talked about the two years it's going to take to sort of put one platform together, is there any change from the time you sort of announced the deal or?
Laurence Fink: No, by no means. We're going to have a lot of this done in the first six months and some of the harder ones could take another 12 months. But I would say very similar to the BGI transaction in the first six months after closing, a high percentage of the businesses will be integrated on to one common platform. And then it's just the other areas that linger on and take more time as we develop it. So, I would say it feels very similar to the path that we did with MLIM. So, this is not a negative statement at all. We're really right on line in terms of much of the integration processes that we expected when we announced the transaction.
Roger Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of William Katz with Buckingham Research.
Laurence Fink: How're you doing?
William Katz -- Buckingham Research: Hi, good morning, thank you, everyone. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about free cash flow. I know you sort of addressed it at the initial time of the acquisition with BGI, but now you're a little bit further long. How are you thinking about that as you get into the completion of the transaction?
Ann Marie Petach: As you know, Bill, this is a very positive cash flow generating business. So we would expect as we get into a combined firm that we are going to be generating very strong operating cash flows. As we described as part of the transaction, part of our objective in the first year is going to be to pay down about a billion, billion plus of short-term debt. And then we'll leave the long-term debt structure we talked about earlier in place. But clearly, there's going to be many opportunities that we'll have to consider including how to appropriately have shareholders participating in the really success of the firm.
Laurence Fink: But the cash flow generation out a year. Ann Marie, it will be what? As much as $1.5 billion a year? It could be large. And so obviously that is a year out. We have a lot to do between now and then. But there is no question. Right now we need to work on. Ann Marie said it close to two. Right now we need to focus on the integration and getting it done. How we address cash and cash flow out a year, Bill, that's probably a conversation we could have maybe in June of next year.
William Katz -- Buckingham Research: Okay, and the second question I have is just little more tactical. Looking at your comp this quarter you mentioned you sort of increased bonus accruals a bit. It's running about 38% of revenue, a little bit on the higher end of where you've been on that ratio. How should we think about that both on an (inaudible) or existing business, base of business and then sort of on a combined basis?
Laurence Fink: On a combined basis I don't know if I'm ready to talk about that. We believe there's a great competition right now for top flight people in the business. Obviously, Wall Street is in some cases experiencing some record profits in their trading division especially in fixed income and derivatives. And so we just need to be aware that there is a rapid change in comp. The investment management industry is facing obviously more headwinds than most industries because our trailing 12 months because of the asset declines in the third and fourth quarter last year and the first quarter this year. We started I would say in a deep hole and we are building ourselves out of that. And our key thing is our employees. That's what everyone says and we need to be very mindful and the board and our compensation committee spent a great deal of time recently in our board meetings in making sure that we adequately reward for performance where performance is being delivered. So, I would say if we continue to drive strong results in the fourth quarter, my instincts would be we're going to have a high level of comp ratios in the fourth quarter. But that should not give you any indication pro forma of the new company.
William Katz -- Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will from the line of Mike Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Carrier -- Deutsche Bank: One other question on just what you're seeing from clients. When you look on the institutional side and maybe look at non-U.S. versus U.S., based on what happened over the last 18 months, what are you seeing from an allocation standpoint? When you had the discussions, worried about the capital structure and leverage on the U.S. versus trying to attain the long-term goals of what they need to return on the assets?
Laurence Fink: I would say, one, we're still seeing clients investing in dollar-based assets. Obviously, we've had a weakness in the dollar recently. We're not to the lows of what we saw in I guess early '08. But, we are still continuing to see flows in dollar-based assets from our clients. We're seeing I would say pretty aggressive investments from Sovereign Wealth Fund recently in terms of investing. So, it really depends on the clients. And we still see some clients who are still very bruised that have severe losses because of credit problems and/or excessive equity positions and so they're still trying to reassess how they want to go forward. I don't think there is one pattern and that's good. What we're seeing from clients continuously, they are asking us to work with them on their liabilities. They're asking us to give them our macro views on different products. Depending on the circumstances around the clients, we are seeing some clients becoming more aggressive. And I think that's indicative of some of the huge flows we saw in our fund to fund business in the last six weeks. And we continue to see clients who remain to be repositioning themselves to have better liquidity. Some of the endowments in the U.S. today are still reeling with too large a commitment in some of their private equity and other types of illiquid products and are wishing still to have more liquidity. So, it really depends on the individual client circumstances as to what the trend in terms of where they're going to be positioned and where we see our growth.
Mike Carrier -- Deutsche Bank: Okay. I guess when you look at your institutional flows into the equity products and alternatives into fixed income, do you think what you're seeing at BlackRock is a pretty good barometer or the long-term?
Laurence Fink: Yes. I do.
Mike Carrier -- Deutsche Bank: Okay it is, okay.
Laurence Fink: I actually think because of our scale now, I should say I didn't say this now. I'm not going to give anyone an absolute number because a lot of this is information I can't provide. But one should assume now just because of beta the combined firm on December 1st will be at least $3 trillion and so we see huge flows we have a lot of enquiry, and so I think what we're going to see in the future is somewhat reflective of global flows.
Mike Carrier -- Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just maybe two for Ann Marie, in terms of the integrated, once you have BlackRock, BGI together, will we see any financials before the fourth quarter report, meaning once it closes on December 1st? And then I guess the second is just on the compensation. Was there any true-up for the first quarter and second quarter of being at a lower run rate this quarter and so maybe it's a little bit elevated?
Ann Marie Petach: Well, first of all with respect to when are you going to see some pro forma combined financials, I can't give you an exact date on that. But I think an ideal case we would like to have something available in the December timeframe there and that is what our objective would be. We will have to see if we meet that objective. We want to meet that objective for a number of reasons, including to be able to approach the long-term debt market. With respect to the compensation, I think it is fair to think that when we think about our bonus accrual, we do think about that bonus accrual rate as well as the absolute results of the company. And during the stress periods we allowed our accrual rate to come down and during improving periods we're allowing it to come back up to a sort of more normalized level.
Mike Carrier -- Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will from the line of Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Roger.
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: Hey. Good morning. I guess I wanted to ask you first on management fees. It looks like it was pretty much flat quarter to quarter, 2Q to 3Q. I guess just given the dynamics with equity flows having been stronger and obviously the equity market performance why that wouldn't have on a blended basis migrated upwards?
Laurence Fink: I'm sorry, management fees?
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: Yes, management fees.
Ann Marie Petach: Can you just repeat it again, because I missed the beginning of your question?
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: Sure. And maybe just they were calculating we got investment advisory base fee as a percent of AUM, was about 29.5 basis points in the third quarter. It was 29.3 basis points in the second quarter. We thought that would have increased just given the dynamic with equities outperforming fixed income in terms of both flows and market performance. I'm just curious why that didn't move higher. Is there any kind of sort of product mix issue we need to think about?
Ann Marie Petach: No, there is really not a product mix issue that you need to worry about. So I can talk to you more about that offline, but I really look at the fee rate. And it really probably has to do with more of the calculation of average AUM than anything else.
Laurence Fink: I think some of the wins have been indexed products too in the equity. So it's the combination of index, but I think as Ann Marie suggested, Roger, it is when we took the wins and had the win. So it's a lot of its timing.
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: But actually that's an interesting comment though, Larry, because we've heard that from others that there has been some shift in the index. Is that just a more of a sort of macro, sort of beta play or is it because of fee sensitivity?
Laurence Fink: Yes, I think more and more clients are going to use beta. As I discussed earlier, this big endowment is probably going to use fewer and fewer active managers. And they are going to sit down and do much more beta plays. Obviously, if you are more correct in the beta and you have total liquidity now in beta plays and your transaction costs are so small now through ETFs. I think you're going to see more institutions and endowments, who are going to be looking at beta as a mechanism for performance.
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: Got it. And actually speaking of endowments, can you remind us how your institutional business is weighted, pensions versus endowments? Because it seems like pensions…
Laurence Fink: I don't have that in front of me, but I'm sure Ann Marie could give that to you offline. I mean we have that in a big book but it would take me a few minutes to dig that up.
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: Okay. But I mean it sounds like pensions are clearly the better opportunity from an alternative standpoint than endowments right now.
Laurence Fink: Much greater, yes, I mean obviously pension assets are far greater than endowments.
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: Right. Okay. And then I wanted to just ask a more generic question around flows and sort of your positioning. If you kind of look at your bond flows, excluding I think the one large client outflow, your net inflows were up about 1.8% in the quarter, right? If you look at mutual fund data, it is up 7%. I think it sounds like the differential is more institutional focus and maybe some under performance on retail funds.
Laurence Fink: As I said earlier, we were not as well positioned in the U.S. retail mutual fund. We're spending a lot of time in building that.
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: I guess then if you kind of look at equities too there as you point out you outperform 3.7%. The industry in mutual fund flows is up 0.7%. I mean that outperformance is a little bit less than the underperformance on the fixed income side. I'm just kind of wondering if you look at flows right now, your institutional versus retail focus, fixed income versus equities, it feels like you are a little suboptimally positioned given where flows are going right now. Is that an unfair characterization?
Laurence Fink: On retail I think that has been a fact with the huge flows in mutual funds in fixed income. But in Europe we are clearly one of the true leaders there in the mutual fund flows as evidenced by just had inflows of another $1.1 billion in October. And most of that is $700 million of that is in equities and $400 million fixed. So we are still seeing some large flows, but I would say to you, our bond flows are starting to pick up over the last three months. Historically, we saw very little in terms of bond mutual fund flows. I cited this many times as an area that we needed to focus and it takes a couple of years. We will benefit though on December 1st when we have the iShares platform with their superior position bond ETF flows.
Roger Freeman -- Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Marc.
Marc Irizarry -- Goldman Sachs: How are you, Larry? Question for you on the liquidity business and all of the cash sort of on the sidelines from institutions. Where do you think we are in the process of institutions reallocating away from cash?
Laurence Fink: I think I've told Washington repeatedly, because they have asked me these types of questions, and I said repeatedly that if we could have at best a stable equity market going into the first quarter next year, we're going to see more and more allocation to more risk-based assets. So I don't know where we are. As I said earlier, people will appreciate to have a greater component liquidity. So I don't think you're going to see total outflows of liquidity. But I think you could continue to see some large flows into longer dated assets and into more risky assets next year if we could go into this year with a stable equity market.  And obviously if it continues to rally then maybe some of that money is going to be going into it this quarter. On the retail side, clearly, you are seeing people migrate out of money market funds because of the fees into FDIC insured products because of the guarantee and the banks, because the yield curve are able to offer some return on their demand deposits for savings accounts and so that's going to be a threat to the money market business for some time. And when and if the Federal Reserve starts raising rates, that's when, in my mind, start seeing more flows back into money market funds.
Marc Irizarry -- Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then just in terms of institutions looking for beta to leverage themselves to either I guess tactically to higher markets, where you are seeing more search for alpha, is it in active international equities? I guess alternatives is a part of it. But could you just comment maybe on where you're seeing the most demand for active equity management?
Laurence Fink: Definitely, most of is in non-U.S. equities. As I said, a global allocation fund, our European equities, sector funds like where our strength in oil and gas and mining funds. I think if you just look at the different sectors you're seeing more and more flows. And so, it's consistent I guess with the indexes worldwide. Our Latin American fund continues to grow. Obviously, that's a big area of ETF growth. And so clearly, as I said earlier, if U.S. pension plans are going to properly meet their liabilities and if you think the U.S. economy is only going to grow 2%-ish over the next few years which would then probably slowly put a ceiling on how much U.S. equities will grow over a considerable period of time, to get those types of returns on the assets is going to require a far larger allocation to non-U.S. It just has to because global growth will be greater than the U.S. And so this is one thing how we're positioning ourselves to try to really build our platforms on non-dollar-based equities. And so we think that's where the trends will be certainly into next year.
Marc Irizarry -- Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then just on the fiduciary outsourcing mandates, can you give us a sense of what the fees are like on those types of mandates and then how the growth in that business has tracked recently, maybe what you are seeing in terms of insurance companies outsourcing, general accounts and how that could play into growth in that business?
Laurence Fink: It really depends on the complexities of the assets and the requirement of the clients business. It could be as low as six basis points and probably as large as 18 basis points and then on some subspecialties could be 40 basis points on some of those very unusual products. So they generally are very large scale, large blocks of assets. They generally are traditionally lower fees than our average fees. But because they are in many cases such a concentrated amount of business with one client, the margins of those businesses despite the low fees remain to be very strong.  So we do look at in terms of as a contribution. So the fees are looked on, but we're still trying to remain the same type of contribution margins. So it is really dependent on how many people do we need to allocate to a client. I mean its one large outsourcing. We have tens of people working on this one as we prepare for closing. This is one of the large assignments that's in the pipeline and we have tens and tens of people working on it as we get prepared for the closing of that. And it is multiproduct and the fees do range depending on the complexity of the products but overall the fees are larger.  As I said, we are very close in winning another very large fiduciary outsourcing and the fees are in that range too. And on top of that we have had dialogues with institutions who are seeking to outsource large components of the balance sheet that require a little special attention. And so we are mindful of our fees, we are mindful of our margins, but in some cases fiduciary outsourcing business, in terms of average asset fees could lower them.
Marc Irizarry -- Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will from the line of Jeffrey Hopson with Stifel Nicolaus.
Jeffrey Hopson -- Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks a lot. I just have one question on the margins. Obviously, it's been a unique period here, but as you move forward at what point do you start reinvesting become more aggressive to spend to bring assets in the door etc.? Just trying to see if there is going to be some permanent efficiencies gain here and how you think of margins moving forward?
Ann Marie Petach: Well, it's very interesting because as we go through a time right now, as a traditional business just BlackRock historic, I would say this is the high side of where we would be on margins because we do want to continue to reinvest in the business. We are now going to be bringing two firms together. I think traditionally what we've seen in the historic results, the index business may have an opportunity to have a higher return than the active business. So I really think that's something we'll get into more next year. But what I would say very clearly is we're going to balance, appropriately balancing, investing in the business to continue to have revenue growth with margins. We're not only about optimizing margins by any means. So this business does have the opportunity to have a very healthy margin on a continued basis.
Jeffrey Hopson -- Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler -- Credit Suisse: Hey, Larry. Good morning, everyone. First, I'm just wondering if you can talk about the conversations you've been holding with clients over the last three months, especially ones that may feel they are over allocated to the combined BlackRock BGI managers. And I'm wondering if passive is big part of that mix, is that really less of a risk of an outflow there because they are mainly focused on active management risk? And does any this in your mind represent a level of risk for flows over the next year?
Laurence Fink: Well, when we announced the transaction, Craig, we did assume a large block of assets will be at risk when we announced the transaction. I think as I said in our last quarterly update that we were surprised with the response of the clients in terms of having a dialogue with us. We're still at risk with the number of clients. But overall clients are beginning to see the positive nature of scale. They're also looking at passive as you suggested a little different than active and they're raising questions with us, with their consultants, with their investment committees, should they separate the passive component with the active component because they're very different. Obviously, having even passive and active though with any client they do have risk with the enterprise BlackRock. And so one of the strengths of our firm and the scale and being public and I think our fiduciary reputation, our market cap does give our clients more and more comfort. So I would say overall the dialogues have been very positive. I would say from our views of potential outflows due to scale with our clients I believe we're going to see less outflows today than we originally budgeted at the time of the transaction. But I don't want to suggest that we're not at risk with some clients because we certainly are. But overall, the dialogues are good and in some cases we had a couple of dialogues with the clients who are too concerned with our scale and yet they've given us more business after the dialogue. And so it really depends on the client, on the nature of the client, the risk they associate with us and so, I don't think there is any one way of measuring it. But I would say clearly the dialogues have been more positive than we ever dreamed that it could have been at the time we announced the transaction.
Craig Siegenthaler -- Credit Suisse: Got it. And then second question, I'm just wondering if you could kind of remind us what the derivative exposure is to the Peter Cooper Village Stuyvesant Town investment from the real estate business on the balance sheet?
Ann Marie Petach: Yes, as far as the balance sheet we really as of last year took that down to really nothing. We don't have balance sheet disclosure to that particular investment.
Craig Siegenthaler -- Credit Suisse: Got it, all right, great. Thanks for answering my questions.
Operator: Our next question will from the line of Mr. Chris Varr [ph] with CLSA.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Chris.
Chris Varr – CLSA: Good morning. Most of my big picture questions have been asked and answered, so I just have a technical tax question. What do you think the tax rate will be going forward particularly if your non-U.S. business is growing and following the BGI deal?
Ann Marie Petach: Well, are you asking that question? I wouldn't tell you anything different with respect to this year. And I think as far as conversation next year goes, I'd rather talk more fulsomely about that later because there would be some effect to our tax rate.
Laurence Fink: We also have to wait and see where the Obama administration is in terms of what ultimately happens in terms of taxation of foreign revenues. I think there's a lot of uncertainty as to what our overall tax rate will be. Clearly, one can say if we have more and more non-U.S. clients and we're doing that business more and more outside the United States, either in London or Hong Kong or Tokyo, one can presume that our overall tax rate should be lower. That's just a function of tax rates in the various jurisdictions. But it really depends on how we repatriate some of that money and then we pay the U.S. tax. And it's a function of the business mix.
Ann Marie Petach: And just to be clear, the other thing I would mention is there will be what I will call tax noise associated with that foreclosing of the transaction.
Chris Varr – CLSA: What do you think like just say an average over the last three years or four years excluding the tax benefit this quarter just a good starting point or should be thinking something like just the marginal tax rate in the U.S.?
Ann Marie Petach: What I would say is the BGI business certainly does have a very meaningful U.S. component, that's important and so you need to think about when you're thinking about the blended tax rate.
Laurence Fink: And BGI has its U.S. platform in California, so you have to take that into account too. We did that in a pro formas when we discussed it with you; big part of their business is California.
Chris Varr – CLSA: Yes. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for Q&A. Mr. Fink, Ms. Petach, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: I look forward to talking to everyone sometime after closing. I look forward to the closing of this momentous transaction and looking forward to welcoming all new BGI partners alongside with our BlackRock partners. Everyone enjoy the quarter. Talk to you later.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert P. Connolly - Managing Director and General Counsel Ann Marie Petach - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: William R. Katz - Buckingham Research Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital Mike Carrier - UBS Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert P. Connolly: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly. I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie and Sue Wagner, our Chief Operating Officer is here with us this morning as well, make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie.
Ann Marie Petach: Good morning, everyone. My comments are going to be on an as adjusted basis, unless I note otherwise. Starting with the facts. Full year operating income was $1.662 billion or $8.37 per share, that's up about 9.5% from a year ago. Non-operating losses net of minority interest were $381 million or $1.92 per share. Net income was $858 million or $6.45 per share, that's down 21% compared to a year ago. Full year revenues were up 5% year-over-year including a 6% increase in base fees. While we are proud of our relative performance, we are disappointed in the market effects and our absolute results. The 9.5% improvement in full year operating results and the 5% revenue increase reflects very strong net new business flows in the first half, exceptional growth in the advisory business, a balanced business model and strong cost management discipline, dampened by extremely negative market effects in the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter. As mentioned, the results reflect proactive cost management. Our GAAP results include a $38 million restructuring charge associated with a reduction of about 500 people or about 9% of the workforce. This action was taken to align our workforce for present market conditions. The full year as adjusted comp-to-revenue ratio was about 35%. That's equal to a year ago despite market effects on revenues and full year effects of employees added in the second half of 2007. In addition, full year G&A improved over $100 million compared to 2007. Half of the improvement is explained by balance sheet-related foreign exchange effects of almost $50 million, that includes about $30 million in the fourth quarter. $26 million of the improvement relates to lower expense related to 2007 support of cash funds and $26 million relates to lower closed-end fund launch costs. We also managed to lower marketing and T&E despite a major rebranding in Europe. This was offset by higher occupancy costs related to the Quellos transaction. Full year operating margin as adjusted was 38.7%, an improvement compared to 37.5% a year ago, driven by revenue growth combined with aggressive expense management. As was discussed before, BlackRock utilizes its balance sheet to co-invest capital alongside our clients and to seed new products. The majority of these commitments are invested in alternative products and are invested alongside with clients for the duration of the product. These co-investments are generally long-term commitments from real estate, distressed products, hedge funds and private equity. BlackRock also seeds new products. These investments are a much smaller portion of the portfolio, are shorter term in nature and are hedged as appropriate. Almost all of the balance sheet investments are mark-to-market. The extremely negative markets in 2008 have affected our clients and BlackRock's results. This alignment is important to our clients. 2008 markets, particularly the fourth quarter, were not kind to anyone. The full year non-operating loss of $381 million represents about a 25% decline from the peak investment portfolio of about $1.4 billion in June and is in line with market movements on underlying assets. This brings the portfolio to about $1 billion, distributed as discussed previously. The hardest hit asset classes included distressed credit, which represented about $140 million of the loss; real estate, which represented over $120 million, and that was across multiple investment; hedge funds which represented over $50 million of the loss and private equities, which represented about $30 million. As a reminder, many of these investments are long term in nature while the marks represent the market valuation of the portfolio at a point in time. The majority of the marks do not reflect BlackRock's expectation of holding these investments for a long period nor in our opinion the true economic value of many of these investments. As a result of the magnitude of the U.S.-based non-operating losses recorded in the fourth quarter, the mix of our pre-tax income shifted such that a greater percent of our income than originally anticipated was realized overseas in lower tax jurisdictions. This resulted in us making a fourth quarter adjustment to our full year tax rate, bringing it down from 35% to 33%. I want to share with you a few other thoughts regarding the fourth quarter. This period most clearly reflected the headwinds of adverse markets affecting our results. Fourth quarter as adjusted operating income was $371 million or $1.81 per share. The as adjusted non-operating results were a loss of $270 million or $1.32 per share. The change in full year tax rate from 35% to 33% contributed $0.19 per share. As a result, net income for the quarter was $91 million or $0.68 per share. As adjusted, operating results were down 15% compared to the third quarter and down 24% compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Revenues of $1.1 billion were down 19% compared to the third quarter and down 26% compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Fourth quarter market and foreign exchange movements drove revenue declines compared to the third quarter and compared to a year ago. The most material and important effect was on base fees, particularly on equity products. Base fees, which represent 80% of total revenue, were down over 20% compared to prior periods and equity and balanced declines represented 80% to 90% of that total. In addition, we earned lower performance fees, which are often dependent on absolute performance, a difficult threshold in this market. Finally, we saw a decline in other revenue, explained by decline in securities lending and the disposition of our Metric Property Management business, basically a zero margin business. These factors overwhelmed the strong growth in our advisory revenues. Aggressive expense management in the fourth quarter explains the as adjusted operating margin of 41.6% and the 30% decline in compensation expense compared to prior periods. Fourth quarter G&A expense of $154 million is down $16 million from the third quarter, again reflecting the effects of our cost control efforts, particularly in the areas of marketing, promotion, T&E and technology. We plan to continue to aggressively manage cost as appropriate for the environment and for strong long-term business results. In summary, hostile markets have affected all segments, including our business results. The fourth quarter showed the headwinds on revenues. We begin 2009 with market affected assets under management. We are proactively managing our cost base and will continue to do so. Still, the overwhelming market influence on revenue will affect our operating margins. We remain committed to co-investing in alternative products with our clients, which facilitates us being a full platform provider. So it has introduced earnings volatility. At the same time, we are pleased with our relative position. Our business has grown and our operating results improved compared to 2007. We have a diversified business by asset type, client type and region. We believe this will continue to provide balance to our results and growth opportunities over time. Our Solutions and advisory business have grown; we are seeing continued opportunity in an adverse market. Our risk management and diversified asset sales are bringing in significant new opportunities. Our pipeline remains strong at $59.5 billion. I believe our 2008 operating results are reflective of our business platform and approach. This approach puts us in a position to do relatively well in adverse markets and exceptionally well when markets turn around. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, Ann Marie. Good morning everyone. I said recently in an article in one of the newspapers that 2008 was the best and worst of times. So, obviously, one of the worst of times because of asset value destruction, collapse of liquidity and outright fear. We have seen all this create a paralyzed global market. And we expect that to continue, as I said in the article about... for the next three to six months until we see some stability from... essentially from our global central banks providing liquidity and buying troubled assets. These are the best of times in terms of BlackRock's position. I believe, more than ever before, our business model has proven to be on an absolute basis and most certainly on a relative basis to be resilient and responsive to our client needs globally, domestically, institutionally and retail. I believe we are in a better position to work with our clients than ever before. Our clients worldwide are struggling; not just our small retail investors, but our sovereign wealth funds, our pension plans, our insurance companies. Everybody is asking questions, looking for help, looking for a complete analysis of what should be done with their portfolios. And I believe our platform, our unified platform is as well positioned to help our clients navigate this than many if not most of our peers. And most importantly, I believe we are being asked questions by our clients more today than ever before as to how we could help them navigate these turbulent markets. So these are the best of times for us on a relative basis. These are the worst of times in terms of the relativity in the marketplace and the results of the marketplace and the disruption of asset values. Let me review the fourth quarter in a little more detail. And I should note that I believe our fourth quarter release is pretty exhaustive in terms of information we're providing to all of you. We took a lot of time in trying to explain everything by asset category. And I believe it's more transparent than ever before and we are trying to give more information on a timely basis. Obviously, there is going to be a lot more information provided as we issue our 8-K and our other financial reporting. So let me go over some important points about BlackRock. We are very thrilled about where we ended up in terms of AUM. We had growth in AUM. Most firms exhibited massive destruction in AUM in the fourth quarter because of resiliency of our business and the diversity of our business products, we exhibited about a $49 billion net increase in assets. So we have crossed over again to the $1.3 trillion asset base. Now obviously we saw a very large swing in assets. We saw large outflows at times in long-dated funds. We saw large inflows in liquidity; I am going to go into those in a little more detail. But importantly, our BlackRock Solutions and advisory business has really transformed our asset growth and helps us continue to grow. And I believe once again, our business platform of having a complete product profile of alternatives, equities, fixed income and advisory is going to allow us to continue to drive new business growth. So $49 billion of net new growth. That was on top of an $80 billion market decline in just our portfolios. $80 billion is pretty shocking, but it also exhibits how hard the market fell in the fourth quarter. That is entirely beta and actually in most of our equity accounts in the fourth quarter, we outperformed. So if we did not have positive alpha in our equity accounts in the fourth quarter, we would have had even more price destruction. And so I know these numbers are shockingly large and yet it just exhibits the pain and suffering that the capital markets had in the fourth quarter. But we've been able to navigate through that, we've been able to build business and as a overall platform, we have been able to transform ourselves and build more relationships. I would like to also say we have more clients today than we did at the end of 07 and we have more clients today than we had at the end of the third quarter of 08. So we are winning business, we are picking up clients and we are picking up multiple client activities with our clients. As Ann Marie noted, our pipeline remains robust with close to $60 billion in new pipeline, of which $21 billion are long-dated mandates. I'd like to note that in the last week or so, we are starting to see more clients' activity, and this is one of the reasons why we've seen an increase in these long-dated mandates in the first quarter. We are still seeing clients restructure. We expect to see clients restructure in a great way. Some clients are going to be moving more and more out of alternatives as they are short liquidity, which I will talk about in a while. They just have too much illiquidity in their portfolios. So they are trying to simplify their portfolios. Some clients are taking a more active approach to try to buy more, I would say, riskier assets now and some clients are looking to immunize portfolios by buying long-dated credit. Some clients are looking to now sell bonds and fixed income as they go into equity. So we are seeing, depending on the clients needs, depending on the nature of their liabilities, we are seeing tremendous changes in client behavior. Let me just talk before I get into the details of our different businesses. Let me just firstly hit on non-operating. Ann Marie told you really where all the hits were, and I think our release does explain it pretty carefully; down 25% from the high level of our assets that we achieved in 08. It is reflective of the market. Most of these investments are investments with our clients. I would like to also just note and very strongly note, we do not have portfolios that are held to maturity. Everything we have in our balance sheet we flow through income. And so as Ann Marie said, it took some earnings volatility and yet I would tell you our strong position with our clients necessities sometimes a co-invest with our clients and we are going to continue to do it. We believe it is the right business model. In the long run, obviously, if I knew we were going to have price destruction like we've had, we were bearish but not that bearish, we would have probably thought a little differently. I would also say we do not hedge any of our exposure in these products. We do hedge at times the beta of equity markets when we are seeding equity-like products. But in the alternative space like real estate, like co-investing in our fund of funds of hedge funds and the fund of funds of private equity and real estate, we do not hedge. We are going along with our investors on these products. And at times when we had great returns in the upside, we benefited and obviously a 25% decline in these assets are quite startling. But we believe we have been very aggressive in terms of marking these assets. If there is still more price destruction in 09, we are... we will probably see some destruction in those asset categories. So I am not here to tell you that it's going to be upside forever after this. But I will say we have been very aggressive in terms of the marks. We actually like the cash flows that are being thrown off from these investments; certainly some of the investments are showing up huge cash flows now. And as Ann Marie said, we do not believe the majority of these assets will have permanent impairments. We do believe once markets will normalize that these assets will come back and we will have some gains that we will be able to recognize as we mark-to-market the assets upward when the world stabilizes, which, unfortunately, I don't believe we are going to see that much stability at least in the first six months of this year. As Ann Marie discussed, and it is in our offering, of the loss of $124 million was losses in our seed investments, $91 million loss was in our various real estate products. I should state we do have about 30-odd billion dollars invested on behalf of clients in real estate. So these are just smaller components of the seed. So they're across many portfolios. And we were very aggressive in terms of marking our fund of fund business, especially the private equity area. We don't have the returns back for most of the advisors who we have our fund of fund products that we co-invest with, we don't have their results back. But we were taking strong estimates as to what we thought would happen in the private equity area. As Ann Marie also stated that we will continue to co-invest with our clients in this business and we believe this will be an important component of our future growth. Let me spend some time now on our core businesses in the fourth quarter. Let me start out with equities. We had a great relative year; 59% of our products were above the benchmark or above peers. In a chaos market like it is, like it was in 08, I believe the returns are tremendous. Our three year returns, 81% of our products are above our peers and benchmarks. Our Large Cap Series under Bob Doll had ended up the year with very positive performance. Our UK equity team, our European equity teams had very strong performance. And I do believe when equities become the product of choice again in both mutual fund and institutional channels, we are going to be one of the beneficiaries of that. I would like to also note once again the outstanding performance with our Global Allocation Team. I would like to also just identify this is the sixth largest net funds product in the U.S. in 2008. We are very well positioned. We believe this is a product that is going to continue to grow and continue to be one of the large new products that are going to be sold when equities become back in vogue. Obviously, this is a product that has an allocation of 40% in fixed products too. So it's not just equities. So for clients who are looking for a global allocation product, this is one of the best-in-class. It is recognized, it is in the first quartile of performance now for many different quarters and years. So we are just very well positioned in the equity product areas. We also did a very good job in terms of selling our products overseas. We were one of the top net product... mutual fund sellers of products in our Luxembourg channel where our... that's where we domicile our European equities and so we are just very well positioned in equities. And I believe once the market stabilizes, this will represent a very positive growth product for BlackRock. Now obviously, in the fourth quarter, we saw large outflows in equities as people felt frightened of equities and equity performance. A lot of that money went into liquidity products. But we believe over the course of a long cycle, as long as we have the proper teams, the risk management tools and the performance, we will be a huge beneficiary of this. On the fixed income side, we had mixed performance. We had actually very strong performance in our specialized fixed income products. In corporate products, in tips (ph), in emerging market products and our UK equity products were very strong. We had poor performance in our multi-product sector portfolios, but... on a relative basis versus the index. But we actually did quite... much better than a lot of our peers. And surprisingly, we are winning a lot of assignments even in the multi-product area because of our relative performance versus some of our peers. This is something that we are focused on. Obviously, we would like to have a complete story about all our fixed income products doing well. But in some of the areas, we did not have as great a performance. In alternatives, we are seeing sea changes, we are seeing business changes dramatically in the alternative space. As I suggested earlier, clients, many clients were just overly committed into the alternative space. Clients in many cases did not appreciate the nature of liquidity. And so many clients today are facing real issues surrounding liquidity. Many clients are challenged with their over commitment in some of the alternative areas. And so we are working with some of our clients in trying to help them obviously in their liquidity issues. This is an industry problem; this is not a BlackRock problem, but an industry problem that we are a part of. We have no Madoff exposure in our funds, in our products, in our firm. We are well positioned relative to most of our competitors. I do believe the Madoff scandal. I do believe the turmoil with a lot of... many other financial institutions will put BlackRock in a very good position in the alternative space. We believe as clients reconcile their liquidity issues in alternatives, and I am talking fund of funds, I am talking real estate, I'm talking about specialized products, clients will look to firms like BlackRock to have investments in these product areas. So I actually believe the turmoil is a long-term positive for us and we are going to be very aggressive, making sure we're well positioned in alternatives with our clients because some clients are continuing to make large investments in alternatives. I think it was announced in the latter part of December that we won a $1 billion assignment from the PBGC [Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation], and this is all in the alternative space in real estate and fund of funds of private equity. So we are seeing some large scale clients who are still looking to be additive in this space and we believe clients worldwide will do that. And we want to be one of the vendors who are working with our clients. And touching on the PBGC assignment I think is another good example that clients are looking for complete overall relationships. Clients are looking for partners; they are not looking for product specialists. Clients are looking for partners to help them navigate in different products, whether they are alternative, fixed income, liquidity, equity. But most importantly, clients are looking for a firm that can provide risk management assessments of all the products. And they are looking for a complete relationship. And I think the strong vote of confidence by the PBGC is a very good indication; though, in a hostile environment in alternatives, we are winning some large scale assignments. Let me just touch on retail, the retail platform. We had positive flows as the retail platform overall in 2008. I think we are going to be one of the only platforms that can say that. Obviously, the fourth quarter was very hostile. We saw over $7 billion of outflows in our global retail platform. But obviously, we had great growth in the first half, some growth in the third quarter and we were able to be in the positive side. I think that speaks volumes about our products. More importantly, it does identify to the management team of BlackRock to our Board of our success in branding our platform, continuing to build our retail brand globally and importantly, to continue to build our third party channels of distribution. We are very proud of the work we are doing with our distributors. We are spending a great deal of time with our distributors, and as a result of that we believe we are well positioned. I just have a note of caution about our distributors. As we know, there has been some seismic changes with our distributors. Merrill Lynch is now part of the BofA platform and then we have seen now the Smith Barney platform merging with the Morgan Stanley platform. Our job is to work with all our distributors in making sure that their platforms and BlackRock's relationships with those platforms are strong. We look forward to working with every one of them. But with these changes in these distribution platforms, it's going to put a lot more pressure in making sure and proving to the world that and to our clients that BlackRock has the skill sets to be working with our clients and we look forward to working with them. Our institutional business continues to be a prime driver of our business. Fiduciary outsourcing, liability-driven investments, multi-asset strategy, these are the key terms. This is what clients are looking for. Clients are looking for very much of a complete relationship. They are looking for portfolio advice; they are not looking to be just an equity wonk or just a bond wonk. They are looking for an understanding; they are looking for a partnership to work together. And this is how well... this is how we are positioned. This is how we are continuing to making sure we are well positioned to handle our clients' needs. And I believe having the one BlackRock platform, the one culture on a global basis positions us well to handle those clients needs. So I believe having that platform will allow us to continue to help our clients navigate these hostile markets. And so I look forward to building out our client relationships globally and domestically institutionally. On our cash and liquidity, we are very proud of our team in the liquidity business. I think 2008 clearly tested every liquidity firm. There are huge survivors and huge losers in 2008. Many firms have announced large either purchases of assets taken out of their funds, huge losses associated with some of their portfolio decisions that they tried to make their clients hold. I would say very loudly, BlackRock navigated our positions very well. I think our performance in the fourth quarter with asset growth in the fourth quarter, with our liquidity business truly indicated our clients' willingness to work with us. I think the strength of the overall BlackRock platform continued to shine. In terms of market share, the data that we just received on 2a-7 funds, our market share was... our business was up 20.7%, the industry was up 17.5%. So we were able to pick up market share in 2a-7 funds. If you separate out SEC lending in the third and fourth quarter, you could really see the asset growth in our mutual fund liquidity business. And that was a very strong indication of our growth. We are very excited about the continuation of our liquidity business. We believe it's going to continue to be a large driver of our business. We are continuing to build our third party distribution channels in liquidity in the United States. And we are looking to continue to build our international liquidity business. We believe there is great growth opportunities internationally. On the other hand, let's be honest: the liquidity business in 2009 is going to be challenged because of low interest rates. And low interest rates are going to put pressure on the liquidity business, at least in the retail business. Institutional business, we are not seeing any pressures to date. On the positive side, we hope one day clients will start moving money out of liquidity business and go back into long-dated assets, go back into alternatives. And hopefully, as BlackRock's platform allows us to work with our clients, to be that navigator of the asset allocation that we will be a part of their reallocation, whether it's in equities or fixed income if there is a greater stability in our marketplaces. BlackRock Solutions and advisory, I think everyone somewhat understood our business, but I think people really do not understand how important this business has become to the BlackRock platform. 2007, our revenues was about $195 million. In 2008, the revenues crossed over $400 million. This is a portion of our advisory business that we are doing and the Aladdin business that we are doing. We are proud to say we had 72 new assignments in 2008, 20 new assignments in the fourth quarter. We completed 46 short-term mandates in helping clients during 2008. We've had expanded equity, expanded Aladdin assignments. We won a new Aladdin assignment already this year and we are working on a number of other large scale Aladdin assignments going forward in 2009. We hope to be rolling out a portion... a part of our Aladdin product is our equity platform. Mid last year, we did buy Impact, which was more of an equity analytics that we are now going to be attaching to the strong analytics we have in terms of fixed income and alternative assets. And so we look forward to building out our platform with our risk management platforms with our clients and provide a more complete service with our clients. We believe our advisory platform, it's been very visible in the United States working for some official institutions, we have just as much opportunity internationally as official institutions are going to be looking to ring fence, assets ring fence, banks. And we intend to continue to expand our Aladdin and advisory BlackRock Solution platform overseas in 2009. So we look forward to continuing to building that out and we are quite constructive on that platform. Let me just go into three or four more other points. I know I've been speaking a long time. We have a lot to say. I believe BlackRock's business model is positioned very well for 2009. We will be able to navigate ourselves quite successfully I believe in 2009 working with clients. I am not here to predict what will happen in 2009. Obviously, it started very hostilely, and so much of our business is a window of the market. So if beta continues to be hostile, it will be a hostile environment for financial institutions including BlackRock. If beta stabilizes and BlackRock continues to build our presence retail institutionally, internationally in the United and here domestically, we will be very well positioned this year. I am very proud of the branding initiatives we did in 2008. I believe we are very well positioned to pick up more share globally. I believe our branding will continue to grow dramatically here domestically in the United States. I do believe there are going to be huge opportunities in the United States. I think historically, you've heard me talk about more opportunities domestically. But I believe the opportunities will be just as large here as we are seeing a transformation of the financial markets, as we are seeing a transformation in the financial institution arena. I believe we will be a large survivor in this, albeit the marketplace may force us to be smaller, but we will be a large survivor and a big winner in this. There are very large M&A opportunities for BlackRock in 2009. I promise you, if we do anything, it will be for strategic and product expansion opportunities. But we do see large opportunities in front of us. We've had initial discussions with many different institutions. Obviously, the sea change is so dramatic that the conversations come and go because of the problems associated with different firms. But I do believe, ultimately, we will find something that will be quite additive to this platform. But we're going to be very selective if we end up doing anything. I would like to just also say two welcomes. We are very excited about the build out of our relationship with Bank of America as they are now a very large strategic partner of BlackRock. We believe this will be a very big business opportunity for BlackRock and Bank of America. We see huge opportunities already. We have been working with the management teams of the old Merrill and the new management teams of Bank of America to try to build products and revenues together. And we see... and we believe, during the course of the year, we will continue to build those opportunities. It would be wrong for me not to talk about our new administration with President Obama and his economic team. We believe the challenges that confront our economy are severe. We believe there is going to be a great need to firewall assets. I have publicly stated in the past that I believe that TARP should have been used to ring fence and firewall troubled assets. I don't believe putting equity in institutions is the first order of business. You need to stabilize balance sheets before equity has any virtue. If you don't stabilize assets, money goes into equities, it doesn't help. You can't leverage that equity. So once you stabilize assets and then you infuse equity, that equity then can be used with 10 to 1 leverage and lending will occur. So I know Congress will be spending a great deal of time asking questions, why aren't people lending? Well, the main reason people aren't lending we've seen as we witnessed in different fourth quarter announcements, extreme destruction in asset quality. You saw that in our non-operating earnings. And so we believe there is a great need for some form of aggregator bank. We believe there is going to be a great need to stabilize balance sheets. And once we stabilize balance sheets, private equity and public equity will be very available to invest in financial institutions. And with that, that new equity will then be used to leverage and to lend. And so with that, we welcome everyone to 2009. Hopefully, the first few weeks are not an indicator of what we are going to look forward to for the next 50-odd weeks. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: (operator instructions). And your first question comes from the line of William Katz with Buckingham Research.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Thank you, good morning. I appreciate the comprehensive update. I do have a couple of questions though, big picture in nature for the most part. Larry, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the distribution. I thought you were going to go down this and you didn't sort of flush it out as far as I thought. There has been some significant consolidation, obviously you highlighted Bank of America and Merrill, but we are also seeing it elsewhere, the new joint venture that's about to be unfolded with Morgan Stanley and Salomon, Wachovia, Wells Fargo et cetera.
Laurence Fink: Yes.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: What do you think the implications are for the industry from this historic consolidation? Good, better or indifferent?
Laurence Fink: Well I think one other point that I think we... before we just talk about the consolidation, if anything, we've seen expansion of distributing channels because we've seen the rise of the independent distributor. We're seeing more and more platforms pop up in the independent FA is now a very viable business and platform. And so I would say, obviously, the dynamics are changing. I would say as an industry, I think you are going to see a need to have stronger relationships with fewer distributors... with fewer manufactures. So I believe that this type of consolidation is a very big positive for a firm like BlackRock and other large scale platforms. I think it's very negative for the specialists or small mutual fund platforms. I think that they are going to be choked in terms of providing... in terms of the distribution channels. The distribution channels will probably extract more leverage. They are going to probably try to extract more fees. But I believe the large scale platforms will... manufactures are going to be the net beneficiaries of that. With some of the names without getting into the details, we saw in one of the cases, one of those third party distribution channels away from the Merrill BofA, we went to I believe the number one net sales with one of those third party distributors. And I think we are now ranked third, maybe even second in terms of net sales with one of those aggregators of... one of those firms that are combining. So we see this as a real positive. We see these firms are going to be looking for a more complete relationship and are looking... they are looking for more partnerships, relationship. They are going to become more institutional with the gatekeepers. And so I think we'll be a beneficiary of that consolidation. As I said, I think in the third quarter, and I didn't mention it this time, we have, despite our downsizing in personnel, we have... one of our big growth areas is to continue to expand our distribution platform with third party distributors. So we planning to be hiring their despite obviously the consolidation of these three platforms. But we believe the role of the independent distribution platform is going to grow and we need to be spending more time with those platforms.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay, that's terrific. Second question I have is just coming back to the cash management business for a moment. It seems like this is an industry... probably an industry that's poised for significant consolidation. Some recent press out there suggesting that, I think a study by the G30 that the cash management business should have some kind of capital allocation against it.
Laurence Fink: Yes.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Sort of wondering what you view is on that and how that might influence your participating in that part of the business.
Laurence Fink: We are a loud and large believer that capital should be... capital charges or the ability to reserve is a very important component. So we are probably louder than most of the players in this business on that. I don't believe the ICI has that position; I believe they are against that position. We are very much in favor of that position. We have been asking our auditors, can we reserve one or two basis points on our money management liquidity business for years. And we were not allowed to because obviously auditors don't allow you to do any reserving. But we believe by having some type of government oversight with the idea that we are having capital reserves is a very, very important component for the future of money market funds. I believe as your investors know, there is capital behind those funds, it gives more stability to the business. I believe that challenge in 08 were why should I have money with money market funds when I can go to a bank and the bank as FDIC guaranteed? To me that's a bigger challenge for the long-term survival of money market business. And so we believe the money market business, which is essentially a shadow banking business, should be treated like a banking business with capital charges associated with it, or reserves associated with it. We believe it's going to fore spill even a greater consolidation in the money market business. And obviously for the small firms that do not have the scale, the added capital charges or the reserving for capital it's just going to force down profitability even more and is going to make it a more of a scale business than ever before. So we are in favor of it.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: And so two other final questions. Wondering if you could quantify the savings from the head count reduction and where those reductions came from. And then Ann Marie, if you could just sort of flush out the FX impact on both revenues and expenses this quarter, one more level if you don't mind.
Ann Petach: Okay, on the head count, I think you can estimate it fairly easily by just taking 500 people times of fully comp personnel, a person that would be on average right (ph) for a full sized firm. So that I think you can get at very easily. As far as the FX, I would just differentiate between two things. One, the FX that I mentioned with respect to G&A is the balance sheet-related FX. I think what you are asking about is FX related to revenues and related to expenses where we do have some balance in that we do have euro and sterling revenues, but we also have very significant sterling-based costs. So we do have a positive margin business, but on the other hand, we do have costs, very material costs in same places where we have very material revenue.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning.
Laurence Fink: Hey Roger.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Hi. I guess I have a question on the advisory base fees. They take down a fair amount sequentially, and it looks like equity and balanced was hit the hardest. Is that a function of mix? Is it less equities inside of equity and balanced and how do... or is there anything unusual there? Is that sort of the run rate to think about going forward?
Laurence Fink: Roger, when you talk about advisor, you are not talking about the BlackRock Solutions advisor --
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: No, I am talking about across your (inaudible)
Ann Petach: Yeah, that was predominantly just driven by the fact that markets hit equity and balanced the most. So really --
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Ann Petach: What I said is in my comments was really base fees represents the bulk of the equity decline. And within that, 80% to 90% of it, in one case over 90% depending on periods you're comparing to, is related to equities and balanced.
Laurence Fink: Yes, and I said, in the fourth quarter, we did see in the retail platforms, outflows in equities, but --
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: I was just --
Laurence Fink: The market was so dominant, and I would also say, we did have positive alpha, so it was just dominated by beta.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Right. But I guess I was asking in terms of the basis points, right, the 33.4 basis points in aggregate from 3Q going to 28.7. I think you answered it. It does sounds like it's mix, less equities in there, which means --
Laurence Fink: Yes, that's all it is. Yes, you answered it.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on comp, and just to sort of come back, I think you partially answered the question previously. But if we were to look at, I am assuming part of the downtick in the comp-to-revenue is a reversal of prior accruals, maybe bonus accruals. I mean how would you think about a fair comp-to-revenue ratio for the 4Q, adjusting from any reversals previously?
Ann Petach: Well, I looked at the data and I think one thing you can do is look at the full year comp-to-revenue ratio and think about that.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: So that was actually good... I mean it actually was down sequentially, which is sort of surprising given the decline in AUM.
Ann Petach: Comp-to-revenue about 5%, about flat to a year ago. And rather than look just at the fourth quarter, I would look at the full year.
Laurence Fink: As a guide post, there is no question the first half, Roger, we had some large performance fees that were --
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Right.
Laurence Fink: So it's been skewed a lot in terms of the destruction of assets, especially in some of the areas where there are some large performance fees in the first half that were totally wiped out in the second half.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: So you adjusted your human resource base in the 4Q, markets are down another 10% here. Going into the year, I mean you said you are going to proactively continue to cut costs. I mean are you basked appropriately for where we are at right now?
Laurence Fink: We analyze that all the time. There is... at the moment, there are no plans.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Laurence Fink: We are... but I don't want to mislead anybody to say that this is not a dynamic situation that we all have to look at. And I will say we also have strategic opportunities from the BlackRock Solutions area, our retail distribution area; we are going to continue to grow.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Right.
Laurence Fink: I would not suggest that we would not do staff reductions if we needed to if the market continues to erode. But I will say loud and clear, we are not anticipating any at this moment, and there is no plans for it at this moment.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Got it, okay. And then on the advisory inflows, that $100 billion or so in the fourth quarter, I mean I know you've been hesitant to talk about fee structures tied to that, but now it's obviously getting to be more significant. And so if we think about the comments you've made, which is they are a largest assignment, they are fixed income in nature, they are complex, does that mean that they are around, and when you bake that all in, around what a fixed income capture rate is or a little bit higher?
Laurence Fink: No, they are actually lower.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: They are lower. So lower than the sort of 17, 18 basis points?
Laurence Fink: I won't go into that because some of the assignments are official institutions where we cannot discuss it, and they are lower, but I will say they're profitable and they are very important for this platform. And obviously, by looking at the delta of broker revenues, it's significant in the solutions space. And so it's a significant component of our growth and will be a significant component of our growth in 09.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And last thing, Larry, just macro, do you think... I don't know if you made public comments on this, do you think cram-down legislation is an appropriate course of action? Will it be effective? Wilbur Ross is actually on the tape while we are on this call saying that he thinks mortgages should just be reset at 100% of current home prices. Does that make sense to you?
Laurence Fink: Here is the situation. I mean there is a lot to be said about in the subprime space if we need to keep people in their homes and there needs to be a reappraisal of the valuations. In some of the mortgage space, you have assets trading at $0.20 and $0.30 and yet the default of the moment are only running at 20%, and so you have a huge difference. So you have a lot of room to revalue the asset. And so maybe the mortgages now were $0.50, there is still a gain in the subprime space. So there are many areas where resetting the principal amount of a mortgage is very doable and it will... and no, there is not a real loser in the whole situation. The situation that we are saying loudly to our government, loudly to our new economic team is that if we force cram down with assets that are trading more closely to par and we harm the security holders, the foreigners who own tens of billions of dollars of our mortgages, who believe they are going to get par back and the mortgages are crammed down, we will disrupt capital demand for our mortgage business for a long time. And so what we are telling our government, do not in the sake of helping home owners, harm our investors. You're going to have to change security law in the Grantor Trust in many ways. And so this has to be done cooperatively with the security industry, with government, with the mortgage industry. But cram down overall... and we're talking about cramming down everything, that would have some severe impact in our global capital markets. And I would hasten to say that we will have a hard time finding buyers of our mortgage credit in the future. So this is a very delicate situation and it should be done cooperatively with the security industry, with the groups that are representing security holders to do it properly. So it is not a clear and cut answer. But overall if we are talking about cram down in the entire mortgage industry, I would say that would cause much greater long-term havoc and damage than what we are experiencing now.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Right, thanks for your thoughts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with UBS.
Laurence Fink: Hello Michael.
Mike Carrier - UBS: Hi. Thanks. Just first one question and a follow up on the fee rate. I understand the negative mix in assets pressuring the overall fee rate. But if I just look at the equity assets and the equity fees, the rate on the equity assets seem to come down significantly in the quarter sequentially. So I was just wondering if there was some sort of shift in there in terms of more equity versus balanced, retail versus institutional or if there were any fee cuts in there.
Laurence Fink: Well, no. A, there were no fee cuts, it was the mix we saw more outflows and more beta declines in some of our European equity products, especially our energy products which were much higher fees. And that's just... as you know what has happened to the energy sector. So that was probably some of the highest fee products and that was where we saw in the third and fourth quarter the greatest declines in NAVs. And so it's really a mix within equities, there are no fee changes or fee waivers. It is just the mix going into... going out of some of the more specialized equity products into the more core equity products and that's all you are seeing. There was... the dynamics are nothing but that.
Mike Carrier - UBS: Okay. And then just on the non-operating income, in terms of the investment portfolio and losses, can you give any more color, and I think this is more just looking forward to try to gauge the portfolio and the losses, whether it's the first quarter or throughout 09, just in terms of the relative buckets of the assets. I know you guys did the breakdown in terms of hits during the quarter. And then I guess, just overall, if the portfolio is down about 25%, and granted, depending on the market, markets could be down anywhere from 10 to all the way up to 50%. But just trying to get a sense of some of the relative levels of where these valuations are, whether it's in private equity or real estate or distressed. And then the final one is when you do look at valuing these assets, for any of them that you're getting from say fund of funds or third party providers, is there any way to kind of do evaluation checks on what they are giving you just so it's in --
Laurence Fink: Yes, well, I'll let Ann Marie answer the core question, but we have third party providers go in all our fund of funds advisory assignments. So we are not taking... there is no question, we are not taking the manager valuations. We are going in and getting a third party appraiser. And I think that's probably industry standard, that's not unusual.
Ann Petach: Yes, I would say on first question, the first question with the distribution of the portfolio, the last time we talked about this, we said we mentioned five asset classes being the more public markets, distressed credit, hedge funds and fund of funds and private equity and real estate and that each of those represented between 15% and 25% of the total portfolio. That distribution of our investments remains the same even with the marks. So the portfolio in proportion... now it may have moved within those ranges, but still remains about there. As far as the marks go, we don't rely solely on broker quotes or anything. We look through to the assets, we look through to the cash flows to make sure we understand. We do have the duty to make sure we're looking at those as appropriate hiring outside mangers. And I am sorry, what's the other one?
Laurence Fink: I think you should talk offline with Mike. We really have a few more... about 10 more minutes, so we have many more questions.
Mike Carrier - UBS: Okay, that's good. Thanks a lot guys.
Laurence Fink: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Smith with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Roger.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: How are you doing? Thanks a lot. And I just want to talk more on the institutional side, and I know you talked about your clients looking for one provider. I just want to try and understand when you are out there talking to them, what should we be thinking about in terms of their target allocations? I know you said there will be balancing. And then really how does the role that you guys are going to play kind of change with the consultants and what would the consultants role sort of be on a go forward basis?
Laurence Fink: Let me go over allocations. I mean it really depends on the client... the clients, their liabilities. If a client has assets that are substantially lower than their liabilities, they are probably going to be reallocating out of fixed income more into equities. If clients are imbalanced because of liquidity issues, they're probably allocating out of alternative as best as they can into more liquid assets. If clients are just totally frightened, they are allocating all long-dated assets into cash. We are trying to recommend clients to shy away from cash as much as possible to start reinvesting. And so it really... we take an asset and liability approach to all our clients. There is not one formula. It really depends on the clients' needs, their cash flow needs, the timing needs. And so... but I think it's fair to say clients overall are looking for more stable returns. They're willing to accept much lower returns now for more stable returns. So I think that's a generalized theme, and so there is not one formula. And in terms of our relationship with consultants and consultants are still a large driver of our business, consultants are actually also getting into the asset management business as they play a role as an asset allocator and we are too. So in a lot of ways, we are playing some role as a consultant with some clients and some clients, we are working alongside with consultants in terms of working on asset allocation. There is not one right model, but our service, the opportunities are being blurred between the BlackRock platform and some consultants. But the clients are... I mean the consultants are a very large component of our client business. We work with them, we try to make their business better. We are not trying to take away business from consultants, but we are just trying to be a larger partner with our clients, our direct clients. And in those cases when they are looking for more of a fiduciary relationship, we are taking on those responsibilities. Fiduciary outsourcing is growing much larger in Europe, and this is where we want a large amount of fiduciary mandates in Europe. And in Europe, this is where the consultant community had a less of a historical role. And then you have, I would say, the partnership type of relationships we have such as PBGC, which I mentioned, a consultant played a role in that. A consultant was very active working with the client and we acted as a partner working alongside with the consultant and the client. So once again there is not a real model.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great. And then really on the advisory business, I know with these assets that you are getting, and I know you don't want to talk too much about the fee pressure. But what are these expectations of the client in terms of the duration of some of these mandates? Is this something that a lot of them are thinking might be a 12 to 18 month deal or is this something that we can end up seeing stay for 5 years or 10 years or more?
Laurence Fink: I think it's probably more appropriate to think 5 to 10 years. I think if the assignment is done with some official institution, the main purpose is to stabilize the assets, work out the assets but most importantly, not disrupt the marketplace. And so if you told me in two years the market is going to be totally fine, and it's going to be able to handle more supply and more opportunities, then it's a shorter term assignment. I think our expectations that it is much larger than two years or 18 months I think our expectation is north of five years. But it really depends on the global economy and the global capital markets.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: No, that's good. And then just the last question is on Quellos with the pressure in the fund of funds business. How is that really playing in this total product that you are offering and do you see fee pressures? And even with... you're seeing a lot of funds cutting their fees, is that pressuring the other managers or do you not see as much of that happening?
Laurence Fink: No, once again, I mean I think the Quellos product, which we don't call it Quellos anymore, the BofA product.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Right.
Laurence Fink: That was part of like the PBGC. So there was a good example of cross selling products, so it was a real estate product, then a fund of funds product. And so it really depends on the product, but we are not seeing fee pressure. We are seeing people question the whole alternative space as they suggested. And I think this is an industry problem, and yet I do believe there is a greater role for high quality fund of funds platforms that do the due diligence that have the systems of risk monitoring. Unfortunately, there are many fund of funds platforms that were a big allocator of Madoff. And so it puts a black eye in the entire industry. Where were their risk management tools? Where were their alarms when the institution played every role from custodian and everything else in terms of assets? To me, there were just some big open questions that really throw the whole question of the virtue and value of fund of funds with some people. I believe overall, it's going to play a much... there is a active role for fund of funds. I believe if a platform like BlackRock with a risk technology and having the BAA base a (ph) part of overall platform will play well for those who are still believers in the fund of funds space.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Rob. Sounds like he dropped off.
Operator: Robert, your line is open, please go ahead.
Laurence Fink: Let's move on please because it's getting late.
Operator: Okay, the next question will come from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hey Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: There has been a lot of discussion in this industry to how it's really going to evolve. And I guess one demand we are seeing in your result is stronger demand for advisory business. But I guess history would tell us that there should be some decent pent-up demand for some institutional equity products too. And I'm just wondering in your view, is it that advisory, asset liability, other fixed income, cash management should continue to take share here even in the case of rebounding markets? Or is this really just a function of higher risk premiums? Is that really why we are still seeing large demand for fixed income products?
Laurence Fink: Don't have a complete answer to that. I believe at this moment, there is a view that until fixed income credit stabilizes and narrows, it's very difficult to think equity products can go that far. So I believe the first order of business, we need to see a big rally in a lot of the credit products. We need to see stability in a lot of the credit products and then we'll see equity products rebound very strongly. It is our view that we are going to see some time in the future that stability. But we do believe the equity markets will respond much quicker than people... than most people believe in by just looking at how much money is in cash and that money will rush into equities much faster than people think once we see the stabilities in the credit markets. And so we are recommending the clients to add to their equity allocations, but pay attention to liquidity this time. I actually think if you look at the mutual fund flows, we saw huge historical outflows in the Large Cap Series of products industry wide as people started to navigate into different specialized products and navigate into alternative products. I actually believe we can see for the first time in maybe a 10-year cycle a large flow back into Large Cap Series types of products, be it value or growth or core. As people are going to value liquidity a lot greater and value large cap products, which provides probably the most complete liquidity of all to alternative and equity products, so, in products like Global Allocation. So we believe we're going to see that, as I noted, we are starting to see more and more inquiry. And we've had in our pipeline a couple of large wins in the last few days. So we are starting to see client activities pick up. But on the other hand, I think clients are going through their whole asset and liability review now over the next 4 to 10 weeks. And I think you're going to see some real large allocations. We would recommend the clients to go heavily into credit and go into equities. We believe unless you are frightened of the world, you should not be in treasuries.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Got it. I mean I think, well my question was really trying to get at is the potential persistency of your advisory and your cash management business should the markets rebound here --
Laurence Fink: Cash management, I expect cash management to fall. And if markets rebound dramatically, I believe the whole industry assets will fall. Hopefully, we will continue to pick up share, but we expect... yes, we certainly expect that assets will fall in liquidity. On the advisory business, actually, I believe 09, maybe 2010 is going to be very large opportunity for us. I believe there are going to be large scale needs to stabilize financial institutions globally. I believe we will have some great opportunities to work with these institutions. I believe there is a global appreciation to risk management and I believe our Aladdin platform will be a very large growth part of our future business. And as I said, I believe that the advise part of our Advisory business will be... will grow dramatically Even if there is stability in assets, as you suggested there may be.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Got it. And just a quick one for Ann Marie. When you look at comp expense, there is kind of... my view is two large unusuals in the quarter, one from deferred comp and one from severance. If you take them out and think about how comps should trend in the next year, is that a core number? Is there additional expense reductions that we haven't seen really play out in the fourth quarter yet?
Ann Petach: I think when you think about the fourth quarter, you are correctly adjusting for the comp, and we have given you that detail. The comp-related hedge stuff. So you take that out. I think that you think about the full year comp-to-revenue ratio, which you need to factor in and then really as far as the head count reductions, that really didn't come into play till probably the beginning of December. So it's a partial quarter effect of that.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Got it. Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Laurence Fink: Operator, one more question please and we're going to call it.
Operator: Okay. The next question should come from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks. Hopefully, it works now.
Laurence Fink: How are you?
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good. How are you doing? Just really two quick questions, the first relates to the MBS purchase program, understanding... talking about the fee structure. But is it... assuming the program hits its target of upwards of 500 billion of purchases in the first half of the year, should we expect that it's going to be about 100 billion of thereabouts of flows in that program?
Laurence Fink: We don't include that in our... we need not include that in our flows, that program, and I don't believe we will because I don't believe it's proper for us to describe what's going on. We will let the clients announce that specific program. So we're trying to be as opaque on that as we feasibly can. I can't even talk about it. I mean that's a program that I'll allow the client to do their official release and discuss it.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Well maybe just from the geography on the financials perspective, is that going to show up in fixed income assets or advisory assets?
Laurence Fink: As I said, I don't... we are not certain whether we're going to show those as assets. We are... the revenues will show... we'll show revenues in advisory, but I don't believe that specific program... we have not determined whether we will show that even in the assets.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. And --
Laurence Fink: Because it's so skewing and so... it could be so large.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Just a quick question on the balance sheet, Ann Marie, maybe just get a quick update or maybe a snapshot what it looks likes now in terms of sort of free cash if there was any kind of debt reduction in the quarter. Just trying to get a sense of what kind of the net cash position looks like.
Ann Petach: Yes, we continue to be a positive cash flow business. We of course haven't published the balance sheet yet, but there were no really changes in our debt position. We neither took on more debt nor did we prepay any debt. So you're going to see a pretty stable balance sheet. The one thing I would remind you of, which is an annual event is that year-end cash does tend to be higher than the end of first quarter cash because of incentive comp and the timing of that payment.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, that was it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the allotted time for questions. Mr. Fink and Ms. Petach, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence Fink: Thank you for taking the time. It's been a long conference call. We look forward to talking to everybody at the end of this first quarter. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laurence Fink - Chairman and CEO Ann Marie Petach - CFO Robert P. Connolly - General Counsel
Analysts: Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley William Katz - Buckingham Research Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Prashant Bhatia - Citi
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy and I’ll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated third quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert P. Connolly:  Good morning everyone. This is Bob Connolly. I’m the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which lists some of the factors, which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. And With that, I’ll turn it over to Ann Marie.
Ann Marie Petach: Good morning everyone. I’m going to start off just mentioning that our third quarter reported GAAP results are $1.62 per share. But from here forward I’m going to focus on as adjusted results. I would note that in our press release, we have included an as adjusted measure for both operating and non-operating results. We previously have not shown an as adjusted measure for non-operating. We thought it was helpful to adjust for the same deferred compensation related movements that we have been adjusting for an operating as one affectively hedges the other. The investment income in non-operating exactly offset the compensation related expense in operating. Third quarter, as adjusted earnings are $229 million or $1.71 per share. The as adjusted results reflect as adjusted operating income of $431 million or $2.09 per share and as adjusted non-operating losses of $79 million or $0.38 per share. We are going to first discuss operating results; I’ll come back to non-operating in a minute. As adjusted operating results are up 2% compared to the third quarter of 2007 and down 3.5% compared to the second quarter. Year-to-date operating earnings of $1.3 billion are up 25% compared to 2007. Revenues of $1.3 billion are down 5% compared to the second quarter and up about 1% compared to the third quarter of 2007. Third quarter, revenues reflect effects are being driven by three primary factors. First, the effects of markets and foreign exchange particularly on our international equity and alternative products, which include large investments in funds related to energy and natural resources. Markets affect both base fees and performance fees, which are often dependent on absolute performance, a difficult threshold in this market. Second for the month of September, flows out of our prime money funds, which are reflective of a general market retraction from these products. Note that cash asset are about flat compared to a year ago and average cash asset are up materially from a year ago; and third, strong growth in our BlackRock Solutions revenues driven by the advisory business and growth in Aladdin assignments. Compared to a year ago, base fees are up about 6% driven by alternatives including the addition of the former Quellos asset and higher average cash management asset offset partially by lower base fees on equity. The lower equity base fees reflect market and foreign exchange factors more than offsetting net new equity and balanced assets of $14 billion. Compared to the second quarter, base fees are down 7%, six percentage points of the 7% decrease is explained by base fees on equity products, particularly on our international mutual funds. Operating margins as adjusted in the third quarter is 38.4% an improvement compared to prior period. GAAP compensation expense of $468 million in the third quarter includes the marks on deferred compensation and the compensation to be funded by PNC and Merrill. Adjusting for these factors, compensation expense of $490 million is down about 4% from as adjusted second quarter compensation expense of $510 million primarily explained by lower incentive comps. Compared to a year ago, comp expense is up 1% reflecting growth in people and expense recognition of historic stock awards offset by lower incentive comps. The third quarter compensations revenue ratio as adjusted for these factors is 37.3%. Third quarter, general and administrative expense of $171 million is down $35 million from the second quarter and $29 million from the third quarter of 2007 explained primarily by foreign exchange effects of about $32 million compared to the second quarter and of about $27 million compared to a year ago. The balance sheet related foreign exchange adjustment had a positive effect on third quarter operating margins. The absence of closed-end fund launch costs in the third quarter also improved G&A compared to prior period. Portfolio and administration costs are reflective of asset sales primarily into our liquidity product and other mutual funds. Now, moving to non-operating earnings. As adjusted non-operating losses of $79 million in the third quarter reflects marks on BlackRock's capital invested side by side with our clients and ceding new product. These investments are not proprietary in nature. To put this number into perspective, the $79 million represents rather 6% decline on our $1.3 billion portfolio and when I talk about the portfolio right now, I'm excluding the deferred comp assets and this is relative to markets, which were down substantially more than 6%. As a reminder, our portfolio is comprised primarily of five asset categories. Hedge funds and fund of funds, distressed credit funds, private equity fund of funds, real estate and marketable securities, which we hedge as appropriate. Each asset categories represents between 15% and 25% of the total portfolio. Many of these investments are long-term in nature, while the marks represent the market valuation of the portfolio at a point in time. These marks do not reflect BlackRock's expectation of holding these investments for a long period of time or in the cases of some of the distressed credit until maturity. The $79 million loss is explained primarily by marks on distressed credit funds totaling $48 million, hedge funds totaling $18 million, real estate totaling $14 million and private equity totaling $4 million offset partially by net interest and other. The marks on the distressed credit funds are reflective of clearly distressed marks on this asset class and the leverage in these funds. Again, these are long-term funds. The cash flows on these investments continue to perform in line with our expectations, when we launched the product. We would also note that year-to-date non-operating losses on Peter Cooper Village totaled $31 million and that 2007 non-operating gains on Peter Cooper Village totaled $31 million. [Beta] has affected the entire market, including our business results. Our business has grown and our operating results have improved compared to a year ago. We have a diversified business by asset type, client type and region. We expect this will continue to provide balance to our results and growth opportunities overtime. Our Solutions and Advisory businesses are growing and we are seeing incremental opportunity in an adverse market. Our pipeline remained strong at $62 billion. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence Fink: Good morning, everyone. The best way to start to discuss this quarter, I need to quote Dickens’ when he said these are the best of times and worst of times and I’d say the third quarter for BlackRock and our industry it was the best of times and the worst of times. The macro environment has been very hostile to the investment management business and hostile also to BlackRock. As I said in the press release, we are not immune to this. Like all in the industry, we are affected by the markets. We have lost assets as investors have withdrawn in markets such as money market funds, as there been a flight to quality and everybody is rushing T-bills and these are done significantly in equities, in fixed income, and in hedge funds. I have never seen in my 32 years of business, seeing all market deteriorating all at the same period of time. So, all these means is revenues are down. In our non-operating earnings, obviously, we took some significant losses, albeit only a 6% loss. I'll discuss that little later, but this is another indication of what has happened in the marketplace. In other words, it's very hard for us to control these macro elements that are in the marketplace. Like everyone else in the industry, we are facing these wins. But let me talk about the differentiation of BlackRock. So, we are facing some very tough headwinds but I can sit here today and say we are in a better position today in building BlackRock into a global, financial investment firm with a global platform, a global brand. We are in a better position today than we have ever been before. We are differentiating ourselves more than anyone else in the world right now in terms of being in front of this, being in front of our clients, which I’ll discuss a little later, working on situations that are very public and being a very good advisor to some institutions that are looking for advice and are trying to mitigate some of the troubled problems within their company. We are being asked globally now to work with companies. We are being asked globally as to what should be solutions in terms of how do we manage our portfolios going forward. So I believe our longstanding approach in working with clients to solving problems, whether they are inflicted problems or just macro issues. We are in a very good position especially, when the market turns around to really benefit from the increased visibility and positioning BlackRock has. I believe more than ever our One BlackRock model bringing all our capabilities together to provide the best thinking, independent advice and timely products to our clients is more important than ever before. Because of all products that have correlated from money markets to fixed income to equities, to hedge funds, to real estate, our clients are looking for a more advice that interconnects all the different products. I don't believe advice with one product will solve any problems in this marketplace today and a more connected integrated approach like our One BlackRock approach is the approach that clients are looking forward and I believe this is the approach that will allow us to grow above industry trends in the future. So, we continue to work with pension funds and pension funds are worried about now their mismatch between assets and liabilities, because of the incredible decay in their assets. More and more clients are looking for liability driven solutions. Clients are looking for more holistic solutions like fiduciary outsourcing, where we are involved with more and more clients, especially in Europe in terms of trying to help them navigate their entire balance sheet issues. And all of these conversations require us to provide more global solutions, products that are worldwide and across all multiple asset categories. So, since this crisis has began and I’d say it started probably March of this year, it started to get much worse last summer. We have actually raised over $18 billion of products in terms of trying to help clients solve solutions and taking advantage of the market volatility in the market imbalances. We have been very visible in terms of the wider, a range of services; we are providing our clients in terms of our BlackRock Solutions platform, working with clients for the long-term portfolio liquidations, balance sheet valuations, complex risk management, monitoring assignments, and operational risk management solution. So, we are involved more than ever and I’ll talk about that in a little more detail later on. So, our One BlackRock model has helped us even in these troubled times. Our One BlackRock model is giving us the position to continue to build even with these hostile wins. I just would like to say very loudly though, so with all these new wins and with all these new opportunities that we see, it is very hard to mitigate those wins versus the extreme market decline that we have witnessed. The Beta in the world, the macro issues are far more overwhelming than some of the incremental changes that we are making. But in terms of how BlackRock navigates and how BlackRock has positioned, I believe, it's those little transactions, they maybe some little invisible, but those little transactions relative to [Beta] is what’s differentiating us, is what’s making us a better firm and will provide us a bigger opportunity in the future to continue to grow. So, I can't be prouder of our firm, times are very hard, BlackRock is not immune, but I think our operating results in terms of operating income is a good example of how we have been able to navigate opportunistically in this marketplace. Before I discuss some of the specifics of our quarter, let me talk about how BlackRock has positioned for the future. With a transformation that's going on in our banking industry, the nationalization of banks, capital infusion by governmented banks, consolidation of the banking industry worldwide and most importantly with banks being required to have a much higher capital position in Europe some of the countries are demanding a Tier 1 capital position of 12%, some countries at 10. If the market continues to demand these high capital ratios for more than ever for the commerce to survive globally, we need a vibrant global capital market. So, as banks require more capital, obviously, it means A, they're going to have less leverage, they are going to have less assets on their balance sheet and one of the outgrowths of this will be a larger, more integrated capital market. The capital markets will need to be larger for our world to continue to grow and it will only grow, as we grow our global capital markets. I believe firms like BlackRock is well positioned for those outcomes than any firm and I believe the role of the independent asset manager as global capital markets need to grow, these global capital market, these investment management firms should thrive in this environment and I’m here to say we are around the corner yet, but it is very clear to me, that we need to have a vibrant global capital market. So, as the world starts healing itself and I believe we’ll play a much larger role in these global capital markets. I'm not here to suggest it's going to happen in a week, it maybe a year from now, maybe two years from now but it's very obvious to me with the transformation of our large national lenders or banks, there going to have to be a bigger role for global investment firms in the global capital markets. Because of that, as I said publicly in the past, I do believe all investment firms should be regulated too because the role of global capital market is only going to be more important and all participants in these global capital market should be regulated and I look forward to the time, when we have regulators who are working together on a global basis and making sure we have a better market, a safer market and a market that can allow capitalism globally to survive. A good indication how we are beginning to see some thawing, as a result of the global transformation from national, from the central banks and the monetary authorities to recapitalize our banking systems globally, we are beginning to see some thaws, LIBORs from last week is down a 100 basis points. We still have about another 125 basis points of reduction in LIBOR to get it more normalized. But we have accomplished a good 40%, 45% of the renormalization of LIBOR and that’s only just a beginning. We need to continue to grow and see yield spreads in bonds narrowing. Without citing names, two of our largest banks in the United States, one of them is trading 500 over the five year treasury. In other words, they are funding five year liabilities at seven and three quarters. There is another large bank, one of our top five banks in the United States are just funding five year debt at six and three quarters. If you add on a normalized return on asset, you add another 125 basis points, so you are seeing to lends any money up in the five year, whether it’s a nonconforming mortgage, whether it's a student loan, whether it's a small business loan, they need to get above 8% or 9% to make it profitable and this is what's causing the stress in main street. So, we are seeing this breakage finally in LIBOR. We have not begun to see breakage in the credit markets beyond five years and the reason why I’m saying five years, as you know, the FDIC is ensuring, new bank paper three years or less. And so, the five year area which is very critical for small business loans, for the mortgage industry. We are still seeing very high interest rate and I’d recommend that everyone pays attention to the funding rates of these large national banks in the US and other players as to what their funding rate is, to see if there is a true thawing in our capital markets to allow us to have a better main street market. The last thing I’d like to just alert everyone is that is in the high yield area. High yield area triple B Index as of this morning is 950 basis points over comparable treasuries. So, we are talking close 13% for double Bs, and we are talking a spread of 14.25 for the high yield index over treasuries. So, we are talking about interest rates that are obscenely wide, they represent in many cases some very good value, but this is just an indication of the stresses in the marketplace and we all have to just take note of that and when these markets start unthawing, I believe we’ll start seeing a better economy and hopefully with that unthawing, we are going to see better flows and a better equity market going forward. Let me get into the specifics without talking about the world and but I do believe we needed to talk about where BlackRock is positioned in the world. As Ann Marie suggested, our AUMs fell about 12% to be exact, we fell by $169 billion, which is an awful painful number, a $109 billion of that was market, between market and FX, which is another way of market in my mind, and then $63 billion was liquidity, which I'll get into in a minute and $6 billion was long dated assets, which was in my mind a very large surprise for us but if you look into the details, about a $9 billion client terminated us because of a merger. They merged into another insurance company and they managed the assets internally. This is something that we are aware of for six to nine months. We are hoping to have a portion of its being managed internally and they decided to keep it all internally. So, away from that one problem, overall, we were fine. And I'll go into some of the other outflows, some of it was international equities, where the retail business in Europe has been very, very hostile and we have actually done very well in a very hostile environment. The one thing I’m particularly proud of Ann Marie discussed is our operating income of $209 was very strong and is an indication of despite the hostile market environment, BlackRock has been able to incrementally add revenues be it BlackRock Solutions or other types of assignments to be additive to our operating platform and that's been offset by $0.58 loss in our non-operating income. Let me talk about the liquidity business at BlackRock. First of all, while we were on this conference call, the Federal Reserve has announced a new facility for liquidity funds. This is something that the industry has been working on diligently now for the last three weeks. This is a very big event. In my mind, this is going to help commercial paper. This is the first thawing that I really see in terms of helping the commercial paper market unravel itself. This is creating a conduit facilities, in which we’ll be able to, if necessary, sell commercial paper into the conduit, but conduit will repackage the commercial paper into ABCP which is a legal asset that the Federal Reserve can acquire and buy, and then, but it provides liquidity, if necessary to the liquidity funds. Why this is so important? Because of the fears of illiquidity; because of the fears of outflow that we witnessed last quarter, which we are starting to see reverse this quarter. Money market funds have refused to extend any commercial paper beyond a day or few days. This has put enormous, enormous stress on the commercial paper market, enormous stress on corporations funding, their liquidity needs and this facility in our mind is going to be one of the a great event in terms of creating the unthawing the commercial paper markets. It will allow people like BlackRock and other money market funds to start extending our purchases of CP, if we think that's an appropriate investment to do. We believe that duration is the appropriate duration to have for commercial, for our money market funds and it gives us the flexibility. We are not reliant on illiquidity in the marketplace. We can now take on more responsibility of trying to unglue the marketplace. We could take on commercial paper, way beyond one day if we want a 180 day or whatever, we could buy that paper now knowing that we’ll ultimately have some form of liquidity at the backend. So, we look at this as a very big facility. As I said, we have been working on it very strongly and I just wanted to emphasize that because it just broke, while we are on this call. So, having the large outflows, all the large outflows was in the prime rate funds and then rates adjusted, our average assets are much higher than our expired assets. Most of the outflows occurred in last three weeks, certainly right after the reserve fund broke the dollar and after the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, which caused tremendous disruptions in the industry. The industry lost over $400 billion net that’s after the run up in government funds. BlackRock and a few other firms had about similar outflows; we are getting to the other names, if you ask me, why we had these significant outflows? We were one of the biggest winners in terms of growth in the money market industry. We had opened up many new portals working on institutional portals with different platforms and I’d say because of the fears in the marketplaces, it was these portals that I think experienced the greatest amount of outflows and so we were particularly harmed working with some of these portals. In our direct access to our clients, we probably had more stability than through these portal platforms, where we are participating in. If we had more retail platform assets, we’d have probably had less outflows because a good majority of the outflows were in the institutional side. As Ann Marie suggested, we have had now with this over $12 billion of inflows in the first three weeks of October. So, there certainly is growing stability in the money market business. I believe that there is a great future for firms like BlackRock in the money market business. We were very responsive to our clients; there was not one day in which we delayed payments to our clients. There wasn’t one day that we were frightened of any issue of having anyone of our clients fearful of breaking the dollar. Our credit team in the liquidity side performed brilliantly. And so we believe we’ll be a larger player in liquidity management business in the future and we believe we can position ourselves in that way. I do believe the one lesson to be learned especially with the reserve fund is, I believe, the small little often money market funds are going to be very vulnerable. I believe that larger platforms are going to be the net beneficiaries; the well capitalized firms are going to be the biggest beneficiaries. So, I believe there is still much to be changed in the liquidity business and I believe we’ll see a consolidation in a very large scale in the liquidity business. In fixed income, it's fair to say performance has been mixed in some product area is very strong; in some product area is very weak. What I can say though across almost all platforms, we have done better than most of our competitors in terms of this and we are winning some large assignments. Most recently, we made a presentation, little sheepishly, wherein one of the products, we are 300 under the benchmark. We won because the terminated manager was 1,200 under. And so, I’m not here to suggest we are proud of what we have done. I’m not here to suggest we don’t have much room to improve we do. But I believe our risk management platform; our ability to minimize and mitigate risk in fixed income has proven to be successful albeit not successful enough. And this is something we can’t be proud of but it is something that we are on a net, net, net versus our competitors we have done fairly well in terms of that. In equities, we had some great opportunities and great disappointment. The opportunities we continue to differentiate ourselves and our global allocation fund and we continue to be one of the largest net inflows in that product area globally. It has been a very large win. Our team has done exceedingly well in the ups and down markets and calming investors, as this has been a very large growth fund for us. Dennis Stattman and team have navigated quite successfully in terms of trying to minimize exposures, as we have seen meltdowns globally. If you look at the global the emerging markets have melted much more than the US markets, in some cases down as much as 70%, India down 50%, China down 50%. So, when you think about the market disallocations globally and having our global allocation fund mindfully doing much better than some of the giant pitfalls and keeping our clients calm. It’s been a very strong positioning for us and I believe it will position us well for the future. The second area, where we are just beginning to see some real nice inflows and that is our European equity team. This is the team that came over to us a year ago. We have had great relative performance. This is actually the single category of the greatest outflows in Europe. And yet, we are now, because of our performance, we are starting to see some real inflows and I believe as the markets start unthawing in Europe and as equity inflows begin to turn positive in Europe, this will be one of the large, large products that we’ll grow in the future. Some of our large NAV declines though, which are obviously disappointing are in the areas that we did so well for the last year and a half. I think as I suggested in many other conference calls, we have always had a very strong positioning in our natural resource funds, our energy, mineral and mining funds. Well, if you haven't noticed these are the products that have probably gone down as much as financial institution products. Metals and mining’s products are down in some cases 50%, 60%. And this is some of the reasons why we had a larger NAV declines in the last quarter because of the breakdown in these product areas. It is not because of bad performance, it is just a function of how we are positioned and we have large exposures in the energy and mining area and we continue to believe having a large platform in these products in the long run will prove to be a good business strategy. But this is some of the areas that are offsetting some of the great strengths that we are building upon in equities. In alternatives, I think it's fair to say there is not one product in alternatives have done well. Unless, you could call treasury bills an alternative. Hedge funds, private equity, real estate all were under extreme pressure. Our funds were under pressure. We continue to believe in the alternative space. We believe there is going to be a huge washout in hedge funds. We believe there is going to be a very large washout in private equity and this is where our clients are asking so many questions, as so many of our clients rushed into alternatives in many cases some of our clients be it pension funds or endowments have 30% to 50% of their assets in alternatives. I don’t think any of them expected to have this types of setbacks in terms of declines in NAV, but I think more certainly no one have expected to see such illiquidity. So, I think one of the lessons to be learned will be a greater appreciation for liquid assets and I do believe a lesson to be learned will be clients are going to have a more conservative portfolio. I’m still a believer in alternatives. I believe there is going to be great opportunities for successful hedge fund strategies. I’m actually very bullish on real estate strategies as I believe in some of the real estate platforms, especially multifamily will be a product that we’ll be able to provide coupon and some price appreciation albeit, its going to be much lower than historical returns for this product areas. But I do believe real estate will provide a very safe platform for a lot of investors. Let me breakout retail and institutional businesses. As I said earlier in terms of what’s going on in Europe, we did see outflows in our equity platform of $4.4 billion in our international retail platform. This is not something we are proud of. But I can give you some statistics as of August unfortunately the European industries have not provided us with the September numbers though. But as of the end of August, year-to-date outflows and year end equities in Europe and I’m not talking about European equities, I’m talking about the mutual fund platforms in Europe. Outflows as an industry, not at BlackRock were $68 billion in equity outflows. As of August, we have $2.5 billion. We actually have gone up in the rankings in terms of the largest mutual fund platforms in Europe. As of August, I don't know what September is because I haven't seen the numbers. As of August, we are now ranked the second largest mutual fund platform in Europe. This is up from like six when we did our merger two years ago. So, we continue to build. We continue to enjoy greater presence. We continue to drive more and more business albeit in a much more hostile environment. In the US, I’m pleased to say despite much outflows we had $1.4 billion of net inflows in US retail. Our team continues to build our strength in third-party distribution and some of the large third-party distributors, where we were ranked as low as 18th place, we are now ranked as high as third place with external managers and we continue to build a very strong presence with the third-party platforms. For those, who are following us, when we announced our merger with MLIM two years ago, we said this is going to be one of the larger opportunity for BlackRock and I can say fairly we are achieving those opportunities and we are differentiating ourselves. Our goal is in the next year to continue to build out this area even with the hostile equity markets. We hope to be expanding our footprint in the independent channels in the retail space. We believe this is a very important point for us to continue to build out. So overall, retail flows are negative. But overall, we believe we are well positioned and we are looking forward to continuing to build out that platform. On the institutional side, we are clearly differentiating ourselves. We have had conference calls sometimes twice a week conference calls globally with our clients. Our clients are looking to BlackRock more than ever before to help them understand what does this all mean. And as I said we have had these weekly because every week, there has been transformational changes in our business environment, transformational changes in how we should be looking at the future and our clients are looking to BlackRock to provide more and more leadership for them and I believe we are doing this. We are very well positioned to continue to build out our platform. We are involved as you saw in our pipeline which I’ll discuss a little later very involved in some very large searches and wins. And so, this is just institutional clients have not frozen. I’m not here to suggest in the month of September and actually in the first few weeks of October many clients from sovereign wealth funds to insurance companies, globally clients were frozen and asking what does this all mean? Clients globally are reassessing, what does it mean for them and how should they be looking at the environment. I can't tell you now, we are starting to see the clients asking more proactive questions as to how to better utilize their cash, how to better utilize their investment strategy and most importantly, what should BlackRock be doing for them? So, I do believe we are very well positioned globally with our institutional client base. BlackRock Solutions, obviously in the news a lot. We continue to differentiate ourselves in a very large way. We are involved with so many large visible assignments. This is an area that we could not be more proud of. They have risen to the occasion every time. The team, I don't believe has had a weekend now for six months. There is no such thing as weekends. I feel sorry for some of them. I apologize publicly to them and their families because they have missed a lot of weekends with their family to get the jobs done. But most importantly, our clients are respecting us. Our clients are looking for us to do more. We are involved in some very sensitive discussions with our clients. We are involved in very large advisory assignments and how to rebalance clients’ balance sheets. And potentially we’ll be involved in some very large assignments that require either forms of liquidation of assets or b, restructuring of assets and liabilities. We are very proud of year-to-date, winning 52 new assignments in this space and 60 new assignments in the last quarter. We have been a beneficiary of some of the downsizing of Wall Street because we have been able to hire people to be very additive to our existing team. So, whereby in the last few quarters, I have said you know, we were being stretched. Well I'm here to say we are still being stretched but we have so much more capacity today than we did last quarter. And we are taking on these assignments even as of today. I'm aware of another new assignment and evaluating another $20 billion balance sheet of another institution that is sitting with some problems. I’d also like to just announce, which we announced earlier, it is the addition of impact to our BlackRock Solutions space. It is going to give us far better functionality in the equity risk management space. Hopefully by early next year, as we integrate that technology on to the Aladdin system, we’ll be able to provide functionality in all credit areas and in equity areas and I believe it will give us much more ore opportunities to build larger, more comprehensive relationships. I also believe with some of our clients, who have already have the Aladdin platform on their platform. They are going to be looking to add possibly the equity component to it and impact did bring some very large clients globally to us and hopefully, we’ll be able to add some functionality in the fixed income space for those clients. So, we continue to play a large role. We are involved in some very important discussions right now. I believe this will continue to differentiate us for the coming year and I believe we’ll continue to build a more important platform in this space. Last few things, I just want to add, pipeline. Pipeline remained to be very strong. We have mentioned early $12.5 billion of new cash mandates, $14 billion of new fixed income mandates, $3.2 billion of equity mandates. I’ll say though we have about a $1.5 billion in outflows in alternative though. We are seeing some of our inter fund of funds [spaces] outflows. We are seeing in some of our single strategy funds some outflows and I think this is an industry wide issue. I think our outflows are actually fractionally smaller than the industry itself. So, and then we have one more big BlackRock Solutions Advisory Assignment that should fund sometime, I thought it will fund last quarter, it should fund sometime this quarter for about $32 billion. On the non-operating side, Ann Marie spoke about that very loudly, loss of $0.58 or 6% of NAV of $1.3. I can say very clearly about 90% of those losses should come back to at least breakeven. Ann Marie did suggest that in many of those products we have term assets, [retirement] liabilities and term equity. We have no mismatch, but because we are a GP, we do mark-to-market everything and in the three cases where we have had some extreme mark-to-market changes, I can tell you the cash flows that we projected in terms of the payment stream to ourselves and to our clients are actually better. The defaults and delinquencies of these big pools of mortgages are actually less than what we have forecasted and yet the marketplace has continued to drive down some of the prices obviously in the market calamities with the Lehman failure and with now the de-leveraging of hedge funds, who are big buyers of these products only four months ago have become huge sellers of these products now as they are de-leveraging. We believe this impairment is temporary and we believe we’ll get most of this back. Out of the entire losses in the non-operating platform, I believe, there is less than $9 billion of what I’d define as probably real losses that may be permanently in terms of real losses. So we do have some losses. I’m not here to suggest we don't have some. But the majority is purely a mark-to-market issue and I’m very comfortable with the assets and our strategies within our platform. And I can tell you very clearly, our clients, who will invest in these products, are fine too. They understand the vagaries of mark-to-market and they see the cash flow characteristics and they are meeting exactly what we have forecasted and what they forecasted. So, in conclusion, I think BlackRock is differentiating ourselves more than ever. I think we are differentiating and I should state we are differentiating in a positive way more than ever. I believe we have some great opportunities to build a better future. I believe we should take a lot of pride in all of the calamities in the marketplace. We are doing a very good job in risk avoidance. We have navigated very tight procedures in terms of risk mitigation. Our risk management teams under Ben Golub have done a very unbelievable job in terms of helping us minimize our exposures; maximizing our knowledge of where we have exposures and helping us navigate and mitigate any problems in these hostile times. I believe much of the hostile times in terms of insolvency is behind us. I believe what the national banks have done globally in terms of putting capital into the banking systems of their various nations and two, by guaranteeing their debts for a period of time have really minimized the insolvency risk that we just had very loud in the first, in the month of August and September and certainly in the first part of October. I believe the credit markets are going to stabilize because we don't have that fear in the bond market of insolvency today and I believe it now, we just got to get back to lending and hopefully the actions of the Federal Reserve today in commercial paper will get us back to lending to corporations on a CP level with the declines of LIBOR, we’ll start to see interbank lending starting to pickup and we’ll see unlocking of the credit markets and through that unlocking of the credit markets despite a recession that we are going to be facing with the equity markets can stabilize too. So, with that I want to thank all the employees of BlackRock. I know this has been a tough quarter. I’d like to thank all our shareholders. This was a tough quarter for you too. But I can tell you very clearly, we are in a very good position to take advantage of the opportunities that the new global capital markets will give us and we are well positioned to take that position and run with it. Thank you very much. We'll open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Hojoon Lee of Morgan Stanley.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Laurence Fink: Good morning.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. I have a question on Quellos and your outlook on hedge funds more broadly. I think the industry had something like $31 billion in outflows in the third quarter? So, that’s 5% annualized rate. Could you give us a sense of how flows were at Quellos maybe in terms of kind of sales and redemption behavior?
Laurence Fink: I don't know if I have it here. We could do that offline. I know, we had some good inflows and we had some outflows. As I told you that, I’ve somebody looking at it that we don’t break it out.
Ann Marie Petach: Yeah. The net…
Laurence Fink: Net.
Ann Marie Petach: Across their product was $65 million.
Laurence Fink: So, we are flat net in the third quarter.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: Okay. How does that compared to the first half of the year?
Laurence Fink: First half, we had inflows probably. Hold on, I'll get it.
Ann Marie Petach: Year-to-date, we are positive 13.
Laurence Fink: So, year-to-date, we are positive 13.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And one question on BlackRock Solutions. I think a quarter ago, you commented around some of the human power or potential capacity issues there given you’re very busy with new mandates. Could you give us a sense of where you stand there and how much growth, do you think, you could support with the current infrastructure?
Laurence Fink: As I said earlier, we’ve had hired a number of people. We’ve added a lot more depth in our solutions space. We’ve more capacity today than we’ve ever had before. That is not to say that we’re not working weekends and weeknights and but we’re in a good position to take on more business.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: And you don’t see any slowdown in the momentum you’ve had over the last several quarters there?
Laurence Fink: On the contrary, I think we’ve seen a rapid speedup.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And just my last question. With respect to TARP, I mean from the perspective of acquiring assets for your clients could you discuss some of the types of products or opportunities you’re focusing on and maybe help us racket how much business it could potentially generate on the asset management side?
Laurence Fink: Well, I don’t know. First of all, the treasury has not finalized, who were the selected managers hopefully that will be done shortly. Hopefully, BlackRock is one of the participants of the plan. We certainly have submitted many different submissions, RFPs. So, until I know more about it and until we know if we’re one of the selected firms, its very hard for me to describe what it means.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: Do you have a sense of timing in terms of when we should be hearing about that?
Laurence Fink: It is my expectation and only mine, I’d say it stays away. I listened to the secretary of the treasury from his public statements, he wants to do things quickly and in our conversations with treasury, I believe it is fair to say they do want to do some things quickly, so it should be days, maybe a week until we'll know as to the game plan of the TARP.
Hojoon Lee - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Katz of Buckingham Research.
Laurence Fink: Hey, Bill.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Thank you. Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for the very broad based comments. [Touch on] some questions of that but just a few. Just following up on the TARP, I assume a lot of speculation around the economics of the business. So, I wonder if you could help frame how we should be thinking about the earnings impact from any mandates that you might win?
Laurence Fink: That will be good, if we win. I really don't want to get into it. I don't like talking about businesses that we may or may not win. Clearly, if we do win, I believe, I think it's fair to say that margins are going to be lower for TARP business and other products. I think without getting into too much detail in our submission, which I don't know, I’m not here to suggest we're going to win, but there are submission we did assume that margins are going to be much smaller than other product areas. But also we did assume that the size that each manager will have to manage will be quite large and so it should turn into a good business. But I think it's appropriate that the managers’ workforce very tight spread in these markets to help the economy unlock itself.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Does that include any type of performance fees subject to workout?
Laurence Fink: You are assuming they are going to do performance fees and I don’t know and if anyone knows what the type of, how the treasury will design them for the advisory management fees. I don’t think we know that yet, maybe somebody does know and they want and we did it I don’t know maybe we will find out.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay. Second question is on performance fees. Given all your commentary both leading into the quarter and on today’s conference call. Surprise is there any sizeable performance fees maybe just a little description on where these fees came from and then as soon as we look forward apart from just the outflow accelerating a little bit into the new quarter. How should we think about high watermarks and go forward performance fees?
Laurence Fink: Well a good question. Performance fees, and some of performance fees, some of them were struck at end of September and that’s why we had some performance fees going forward in the third quarter. Going forward the high watermark depending on the product, there are going to some areas, some funds where you have a 5% to 7% high watermark hurdle and some of them could be 20% or 30% depending on some of the energy funds. I would imagine, I don’t have it specifically, but I know what has happened in the last few months. So they can be significant.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay and so a last question just sort of follows up on your commentary about consolidation of the money market business. Just sort of wondering given what seems to be almost like becoming utility in financial services globally now based on nationalization of the banks, etcetera.
Laurence Fink: Right.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: You envisioned just broader based consolidation among asset managers and if so would you be thinking about rollups now in addition to any other product specific things going on?
Laurence Fink: I think up until last week, everybody was worried about solvency and stability. I don’t think there was a moment in which anyone was focusing on mergers other than quick defensive ones, but I think as we restabilize our market which I believe will be happening. I believe there are going to be huge opportunities in the investment management business for consolidation. So, let’s think about this Bill. I mean the set back in equities, with global equities down about 40%, and US equities are down about 33%, small companies are not going to be able to survive this. They are not going to be able to afford be it the credit research or equity research or the risk management, with the idea that we are going to have more regulation and more cost associated with the regulation going forward and I think that’s a certainty within six months of the new year. I believe there is going to be a great need for consolidation in the investment management business. I believe more than ever before brand name, global platform, multi products are going to be more important than ever. So, boutiques whether they are just a boutique in money markets, boutiques in bonds, boutiques as in equities. I believe it is a going to be a hard model to build a platform. So, I believe we will have at BlackRock as much opportunity to do consolidation and rollups than we’ve ever had in the past. And I would tell you, we have not, we’ve had more inquiries recently about merger opportunities than we’ve ever had, albeit I would say we have not simply begun any of the conservations, because I think it was inappropriate to focus on those things until we felt more stable. But I do believe once the stability is back in our marketplace a higher degree of confidence in the Executive and Board levels of the various firms, we are going to see huge a consolidation.
William Katz - Buckingham Research: Great, thanks very much Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Smith of FPK.
Laurence Fink: Hey Roger.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hey, how are you doing, thanks a lot for taking the question and I guess really what I want to understand this, how flexible really is the expense model on a go forward basis, because it sounds like what you guys really want to do is continue to built-out the business quite a bit and we’ve seen AUMs come down again, so far in the third quarter. So how should we really kind of think about those expenses going forward?
Laurence Fink: Very good question and I think its fair for me to tell you that we are looking at all expenses right now. We are actually looking at our business model. There are going to be areas where we are going to be emphasizing and growing and quite frankly there are some businesses that we are going to downsize and there may be a business that we may get out off. I mean, there are going to be -- on Thursday, I have my Operating Committee and Executive Committee meetings. We have had many meetings already looking at and addressing all those issues and I believe that's, we have to be in front of all that. We have to be from a top downward looking at areas that we need to grow and we’re going to continue to build-out those areas. And I can think about, in our BlackRock solution space, we got to continue to grow. Our independent advisory push in the retail space will have to continue to grow. Those areas we had to be foolish not to continue to invest, because of those areas without naming them right now, that we are going to have to reduce and we will and we are looking at all ways of minimizing and reducing our expenses going into the next year. And I think that’s the only appropriate thing to do. I can tell you we are very much in front of it, Roger.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great, thanks and then on the performance fees, I know as Bill just talked about them, a little bit more. Is there any performance fees that we will be trying to relative performance or are there any longer-term performance fees that would have sort of been accumulating over some period of time that we should be thinking about coming into the…
Laurence Fink: We had some long-dated performance fees in real estate up until probably the last six months. We have had some growing NAV but the real estate has fallen too. So, that's more of an absolute, that's relative to the '93 index. So there are a few of them, but most of them are absolute, but some of them are a three year rolling fee. So a three year review how we perform, so some of them are not just in a mark-to-markets they are longer dated in terms of how we are performing and so some of those we may have still growing performances. Ann Marie?
Ann Marie Petach:  Yes, just to say in the third quarter really the bulk of our performance fees came from hedge funds out of our EMEA region. And then on a going basis we do get some performance fees on separate accounts that do take in to account on relative performance basis.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great. And then for some of the alternative business where the fund-to-funds business at Quellos, I mean this does seem like there is a lot of discussion in the marketplace about potential outflows and it seems like the high network client base I guess is getting some what nervous and the institutional allocations are kind of moving higher. Like how does that fund-to-funds business at Quellos really prepare itself for redemption levels that might be coming in the fourth quarter?
Laurence Fink: I know you identify as Quellos we call it BAA absolutely, is of course. No different than how we prepare ourselves in money market liquidation, so we talked to our managers who are we're working with. We identify that and we try to stay in front of it, we try to give notifications to our mangers in advance with the idea that we may have excess cash, but you got to stay in front of it. I think this is why we had such a tremendous market decline last part of September and early October, where lot of fund-to-funds and lot of managers were giving access notice in the anticipation of outflows. So that’s what you are saying. I don't, its just knowing your client, well talking to your clients as to what are their needs, finding out what their expectations are and then going back and managing your cash and liquidity with your managers accordingly. And as you know on the institutional side most of it is 60 plus days notice for redemption. So you have time to plan.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Right, fair enough. I guess and then the last question…
Laurence Fink: And that’s reflective in my pipeline when we talked about out outflows. Some of the outflows were there. So as we said earlier in our BAA platform we basically are flat for the quarter and up for the year, but we are forecasting as I said in the entire alternative space about $1.5 billion of outflows. So that’s in our pipeline number.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Right, okay fair enough. Then just lastly on the redemptions of the money market [subprime] assets. Where did that money really go, because I would have assumed that you guys could have kept some of that?
Laurence Fink: It went to our government funds and if you are going to ask Jamie Dimon and other banks how much deposits they received and keep in mind bank deposits are guaranteed.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Right.
Laurence Fink: And so the giant banks were the biggest beneficiary in this flood outside the money market industry. This was an industry outflow and keep in mind lot of the money that we have managed is for other financial institutions. So they have actually pulled their money back too.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Fair enough.
Laurence Fink: So, when you manage portal money, some of the portal money is for other small banks.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Right, fair enough.
Laurence Fink: And they are pulling all their liquidity to keep it there too. So, much of it was fear. I do believe the Fed action today is going to cause more stability in the primary funds and it will give the primary funds actually the ability now to invest longer, which in mind will give more opportunities for prime funds, because the yield spread between government funds and prime funds are so enormous, but they were not as enormous because everyone was keeping their money so close to overnight money. With this new [platform] it allows us to extend our maturities and really reap the benefits of the spread in commercial paper versus governments.
Roger Smith - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Great, thanks very much.
Laurence Fink: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Laurence Fink: Hi, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Just a question on counterparty risk and how it really faces the industry, specifically with liability driven investing and also Sec lending. With the dislocation in the lending markets, has the ability for LDI strategies to hedge future liabilities impacted, your investment process at all. And then on Sec lending, I am just wondering if traditional fixed income strategies actually lend out these securities enhance yield and is there any risk of selling these assets at distress prices as leverages brought in here?
Laurence Fink: Well, to answer your last question. I think we've seen so much hedge fund liquidation's and unwinding of leverage platforms is one of the big reasons why we've had such a tremendous decline in some of these asset categories. In terms of Sec lending, we continue to see, as we said $12 billion were outflows and liquidity was Sec lending. We are on very small player in sec lending. I think our balances today, is about $6 billion in sec lending. It is not a major portion of our business. We are doing it as an adjunct of our equity platform, but it is a very small component of our business and it will remain to be a very small component of our business. It only pays about a basis point in anyway. So, in terms of fees, it’s very de minimis. And in terms of counterparty risk for LDI, obviously, we pay attention to that, our risk team, our Chief Risk Officer, Ben Golub and team. They spend a lot of time looking in our entire counterparty risk and that is counterparty risk on behalf our clients. So, we look at every swap. We look at everything. We analyze every type of risk we have and there is no question during the last three weeks of September after the bankruptcy of Lehman, the first couple of weeks of October, we were very frightened of some large exposures we had with some institutions that were stumbling and we were doing a lot to mitigate that during that time. As I said, everybody over the course of this four-week tsunami, many people were spending a lot of time trying to just mitigate risk and manage risk downward instead of trying to look for investment opportunities. We did a great job and navigated that. As I said, we did not have any issues with our money market funds. We did not have any issues with counterparty risk with any of our swap parties and so we actually are well positioned in that and we stayed in front of all those issues.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: And then Larry with your money market business, I know it’s your fee rates were actually or your profitability process, I’ve seen improved over the last year, but when I look at the product, when you are forward with increased regulation, potential premiums to a US government or third-party, possible rating agency regulation maybe even capital charges, because there is for some asset managers there is a embedded capital charge to support these funds, for the fund to have broken apart. But I’m wondering did you see profitability declined all these products going forward?
Laurence Fink:  Yes. But regulatory issues are, is a relative for everybody in the world, and I don't think we're going to be adversely harmed. And actually I think we will be on a relative basis, we are going to look much better. I think we are all much better prepared for that. Well, my general counsel says fees are paid by the funds anyway on the insurance. In terms of capital charges, we are the first to believe, to have reserves for losses in money market funds. We have been finding our auditors, and this is now a public acknowledgement of my auditors, who has done a very fine job, they are listening. So, I could tell him again for the last ten years, we always believed we should have had reserves for money market funds because it is the firm's responsibility, and we don't indeed want to break the dollar. So, we've been always very much in favor of having some form of capital that is reserved for money market funds. Quite frankly, we were not allowed to ever put a reserve down because BlackRock never had a credit loss up until in our (inaudible) sovereign funds of last year, where we had I think a $35 million charge in our cash strategy fund. So, I guess definitionally that means it's a higher cost of doing business, if we did reserve something for or capital charges for money market funds, we would welcome it. We believe it's another reason, why you're going to see consolidation. It is another reason, why you need to have large scale assets for liquidity to make the appropriate return. So, all those issues do not fright me. In fact to gives me a greater comfort that we will be one of the leaders.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Prashant Bhatia of Citi.
Laurence Fink: Hello, Prashant.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Hi. Larry, you talked about the washout you think that's coming on the alternative asset side, I guess one do you have a feel for just the quantity, the amount of AUM that can move out of this space? And I guess two, once the fear subsides, where do you think that AUM actually flows to?
Laurence Fink: I don't. I believe it just to be very hard for small hedge funds to survive. I think it's been hard even for some large hedge funds to survive. I think you are going to have it washed out. I think monoline firms, I know everybody, especially hedge funds were rallying on monoline finance companies, but nobody was rallying on monoline hedge funds and I believe there is going to be a greater need for institutions that have broad based products to survive. Where the money will go, actually, I think more and more money will go into traditional products, again back into equities. As you saw in the first six months Prashant, the greatest outflows in global equities were in large caps space in the US area. And I do believe they are just massive opportunities in the credit markets. We've never seen the yield spreads like this, and so once there is a stability, the returns, the opportunities you have from corporate credits, this is by five-year bank paper at 9%, and another bank at 8%. To me the opportunities are quite extraordinary now for those, who are trying to reduce risk in some of the alternative space. To move into more traditional products that we have yields and returns that are something we dreamed about over last 10 years. So, I believe its spells, its going to be a very large opportunity once again for those boring traditional asset managers, but those asset managers that are positioned in the global setting to take advantage of it.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay. And then based on that the investment portfolio that you have about $1 billion, $1.9 billion as I think, is that a portfolio? Is that the right size based on the environment here, would you consider shrinking that portfolio or can you actually grow it here? What is the right size?
Ann Marie Petach: I think the portfolio size you were talking about is growth of minority. We’d like to think of about it net, you're talking about our co-investments, right?
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Yes, I'm talking about the $1.9 billion on total.
Ann Marie Petach: Net of minority interest at the end of the second quarter that was about $1.4 billion. And so we tend to think of it net.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay.
Laurence Fink: Prashant I guess the question you're asking is, we hope we have as much opportunity in the future as we do in the co-invest with our investors and our clients. And so to me that is a, despite the setbacks we had in NAVs in last quarter, to me that is a major component of our engine of growth for the future.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay.
Laurence Fink: We co-invest whether our investors in these alternative products, especially with the opportunities we have in bank loans, in distressed debt, in preferred stocks, and in bank credit. I mean bank credit today is ridiculously cheap. So, there is just going to be some great opportunities that if our investors are looking for BlackRock to co-investment with him, we will.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay. On one of those, I think the UBS portfolio that you’re managing. Could you just give us an update on how that’s performing versus plan maybe?
Laurence Fink: According to our forecast of default and delinquencies, we expected a cash flow return in the 18ish percent. The cash flow returns are actually 18.4. And so the default and delinquencies are approximately what we thought, they were and so the cash flows are very strong and so obviously its only five or six months. However, because of fund is levered, and there has been a decay in the mark-to-market of these assets, its been about, a 30% decay in any of these, those type of products, just because the leverage and they are down, on a mark-to-market, the assets are down about nineish percent.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay. But if the default continue to track?
Laurence Fink: We’re going to get all the money back, yes.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Get it back, right. Okay.
Laurence Fink: Yes. Here is a example of accounting questions. I mean, we have term equity in this and term liability. There is no mismatch.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Right
Laurence Fink: And yet we have to mark-to-market. I hope I added as a solution that one too.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay. And then do you have a view on whether Bank of America will keep the investment in BlackRock or is that too early at this point?
Laurence Fink: Yes, I’ve had numerous conversations with Ken Lewis, the CEO of Bank of America. I think he is very excited about working alongside with BlackRock, but we have not had any conversations yet. I can tell you in the next few weeks, we will begin our conversations with Bank of America, and I’m sure they’re going to be very positive. And as I said our positioning within Bank of America is going to be strong, as you know, with Merrill Lynch on a change of control. Our global distribution agreement extends by five years to-date of closing. So, we have this very strong position within the Bank of America platform. I think we are well positioned. We're working very closely with the entire Merrill Lynch system and we look forward to working very closely with the entire Bank of America system to help their shareholders and to continue to nurture BlackRock shareholders.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay. And then just on the investment portfolios, you get called into evaluate a lot of different portfolios across the industry, can you just give some color on -- are that still areas or asset classes that are being mismarked and what types of asset classes there are and?
Laurence Fink: Well, I wouldn't mismarked. Actually in the most recent in terms of appraises we are looking at I’d say people are getting closer and closer to the fair value of marketing than ever before. I think where you're going to have greater, greater, well, let me state it two ways. I think in the certainly in the sub-prime area, you're seeing markets are approximate now, throughout the market. I think in the areas like the option ARMs. There is a huge disparity between one evaluator and another evaluator. We've seen some people believe in they're worth in the 60s and some people believe they’re worth in the 40s. And so there is still some large disagreements in terms of evaluation of option ARMs. We are beginning to see more stress and more consumer-like products and HELOC loans, more stress obviously coming from credit cards. So, some of the more visible problems are probably are in the healing process. But I think in some of the more consumer-oriented products, there is probably still more pain to come.
Prashant Bhatia - Citi: Okay. Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Fink for any closing remarks.
Laurence Fink: Once again thank you every one. This is a long conference call. Obviously, as I said, this is the best of times and worst of times. You know, it doesn't feel good to see NAV erosions that we've seen. It doesn't feel good to see the outflows in liquidity, but nevertheless, I actually believe the entire BlackRock platform was very severely tested and we won. It doesn't feel like a big win today, but I do believe the organization, all our employees, have done a great job in mitigating problems, have done a very good job in handholding our clients, who are ultimate, that is the life blood of our future, handholding our clients. And I believe we are positioned to build stronger relationship with our clients globally. Thank you everyone. I will talk to you in another quarter. Bye, bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Laurence D. Fink – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Anne Marie Petach – Chief Financial Officer Robert P. Connolly - Managing Director and General Counsel 
Analysts: William R. Katz - Buckingham Research Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup Michael Hecht - Banc of America Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company Hojoon Lee – Morgan Stanley  
Operator:  Welcome to the BlackRock Inc. second quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. Our host for today’s call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lawrence Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Anne Marie Petach and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. (Operator Instructions)  
Robert Connolly :  Before Larry and Anne make their remarks I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that I'll turn it over to Anne Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.
Anne Marie Petach:  Hello. I’m just going to walk you through the highlights of our results for the quarter. Second quarter reported results are $2.05 per share. Second quarter as adjusted earnings are $285 million or $2.14 per share. The as adjusted results are up 13% compared to $1.90 in the first quarter and up 19% compared to $1.80 in the second quarter of 2007.  As adjusted earnings for the first half of $4.04 are up 19% compared to 2007. The year-over-year improvement is more than explained by operating results. Operating income is up 44% for the quarter and for the first half offset partially by lower non-operating income. Non-operating income includes marks on our seed and co-investment portfolio and I’ll provide some more details on that in a moment.  Second quarter results are being driven by strong net new business flows, revenue balance across products, regions and client type and continued success in the BlackRock Solutions Business. The $44 billion of new advisory assignments will generate ongoing revenue based on AUM. Due to these factors the top line grew. Revenues of $1.4 billion are up 7% compared to the first quarter and up 26% compared to the second quarter of 2008.  Base fees are up 22% spread across all asset classes year-over-year. The revenue growth since second quarter 2007 is driven by organic asset growth of $170 billion and the acquisition of $22 billion of assets from Quellos. We have seen real balance in our business model as cash management revenues increased almost 53% compared to a year ago and BlackRock Solutions revenue increased 115%.  BlackRock’s capability in safeguarding assets and managing risks have contributed to revenue strength in a volatile market. The 7% revenue growth compared to the first quarter is also being driven by assets. While cash outflows were $4.6 billion on June 30 compared to the first quarter, average cash assets and revenues were actually up about 5%. Almost $7 billion of cash assets have been funded since quarter end.  A trend towards duration targeted investing contributed over 5% growth in fixed income revenue and assets. Strong relative performance and flows have contributed to equity revenue growth year-over-year and revenue stability compared to the first quarter.  Operating margin as adjusted in the second quarter is 37.9%, an improvement compared to 37.6% in the first quarter and 36.1% in the second quarter of 2007. Compensation expense of $552 million in the second quarter is up $83 million compared to the first quarter. Compensation expense includes $25 million of mark-to-market on deferred comp plans. This portion of deferred compensation expense is offset largely on non-operating income where the income on assets is reported.  The expense is in operating results and the income is in non-operating results. Excluding this factor compensation expense is up about 12% compared to the first quarter explained primarily by higher incentive comps. This factor is also affecting the second quarter comp to revenue ratio of 39.8%. Second quarter G&A costs are down $7 million from the first quarter and $9 million a year ago due in part to foreign exchange.  Non-operating income in the second quarter added $0.08 per share. Second quarter non-operating income of $17 million includes the gains on deferred comp assets I mentioned earlier offset by interest expense of $3 million. In addition, non-operating losses on real estate and other investments were offset largely by gains on our new credit and mortgage funds and certain hedge funds and fund-to-funds.  In the first half of 2007 net non-operating income contributed $0.48 per share compared to a $0.04 loss in the first half of 2008. Just to state again, our investment portfolio is composed of investments to seed new products, invest side-by-side with our clients and some deferred comp related assets. We are fiduciaries of these assets. We do not use the balance sheet for proprietary investment or house trading.  The portfolio is comprised primarily as marketable securities which we hedge as appropriate, hedge funds and fund-to-funds, some of the new distressed credit funds we have launched, private equity fund-to-funds and real estate. Each of these asset categories represent about between 15-25% of the total portfolio. Given the decline in non-operating year-over-year the 19% improvement in earnings in the first half compared to the same period of 2007 is more than explained by strong operating results.  This is my first earnings call as BlackRock’s CFO. It feels great to report earnings which are being driven by strong and balanced business fundamentals and which show improved revenue and margin trends compared to prior periods.  With that I’ll turn it over to Larry. 
Laurence Fink:  Good morning everyone. Despite the strong headwinds in the global financial markets which we are not immune to, which we face the same headwinds as everyone else faces, our business model has truly differentiated ourselves with our clients and will continue to differentiate ourselves as we go forward.  Having a global connected firm, integrated global platform has allowed us to manage risk accordingly, has appropriately helped us understand our positions globally and allowed us to cross-fertilize ideas from our management teams in Hong Kong, Tokyo, London, Boston, New York, Philadelphia and Delaware – I don’t want to go to every place but it has allowed us to minimize as best as possible the impacts from the marketplace.  Most importantly it allowed us to work with our clients, prepare our clients for the issues around the marketplace, advise our clients and provide them what I would call a comprehensive business relationship whereby our clients can come to us and think about BlackRock in terms of their needs in asset allocation, their needs in equities, fixed income, liquidity and the management of risk.  I don’t believe there is any other organization that has that comprehensive platform in which we can navigate the markets more successfully than most, but importantly that we can provide I think the leadership and confidence to our clients in helping them navigate in these really difficult global financial markets.  I believe having what we call the “One BlackRock Platform,” the one organization to represent ourselves globally to our clients, clients who have relationships with us in Asia, Europe or North America, they have the same understanding of what BlackRock can provide and we can then provide them with a unified comprehensive relationship. This model we believe will continue to be enhanced as we grow our organization and as we build out our global brand which we launched in the third quarter.  On May 1 we dropped the hyphenated BlackRock-Merrill Lynch Investment Management name in our mutual fund platforms outside the United States and in actuality our flows in mutual funds after that moment actually increased. We saw significant flows as clients worldwide came to appreciate the branded platform of BlackRock and we are making great headway in building that global brand. I must say we have years to work on that. We are just beginning that development and hopefully over the course of the next few years we become truly a global branded platform.  Let me review the numbers. I think the numbers speak for themselves. $1.427 trillion in assets. $63 billion in net in flows which is really gratified by having over $24 billion in long debt in flows broken out by $17 billion in fixed income, $6 billion in equities and $1.5 billion in alternatives. We did experience net out flows in liquidity however our average assets were up substantially during the quarter.  Most of the out flows were quarter end out flows and most of that money is back but we are seeing, as we have said in some of our other statements throughout the quarter, we are seeing some clients of ours starting to look for other opportunities whether they be lending in their own business, some clients may be buying back more shares as the equity markets have deteriorated, so we are beginning to see clients start utilizing their cash and some of our clients are actually now looking to invest in more risky assets whether distressed debt, distressed mortgages and in many cases equity. So we are seeing a slow down in cash however our flows are still very strong overall.  We look at that as a very strong positive. We hope one day we can see larger out flows in cash one day and that money is repositioned in longer dated assets. I think for the global economies this would be a good thing as we start seeing fear reduced and I’m not suggesting fear is being reduced but I’m suggesting in some cases we are starting to see clients looking to reassess their overall cash positions and looking to assess how they are utilizing their cash and it could be just for internal driven reasons or it could be reasons in which they are going to re-deploy into different asset categories and have BlackRock assist them.  So we have seen overall in the quarter very nice, consistent flows. I am very gratified in the quarter once again getting back to the comprehensive relationship where we have a relationship with clients in liquidity, in equities and fixed income so we can have that overall relationship with our clients.  I would really like to highlight also our position in the retail mutual funds. We had an extraordinary quarter globally. One of the strong hopes of ours when we closed our Merrill Lynch Investment Management merger was the ability to build out a global retail platform under the BlackRock name. Our hope was also to build out significantly our third-party distribution partners and I think we are beginning to see the result of that expansion both domestically and globally.  In the second quarter we had net in flows in retail of $3.6 billion in retail. Internationally we had a $2.5 billion net in flow so $6.7 billion overall flows. Year-to-date we are close to $15 billion in global retail flows net.  Now let me talk with a little more granularity about flows in both. In the second quarter we saw more third-party sales than we have ever seen within our platform so it is true that we are building out that reputation and that platform to sell third-party platforms in the U.S. What is truly remarkable is our accomplishments internationally.  As of the end of May, I don’t have the June results, in the European mutual fund platforms globally, not ours I am talking about the industry, there was close to $50 billion of out flows. There was a re-intermediation of clients going back from mutual funds back into deposits all throughout Europe. I think we are the largest net in flow mutual fund platform in Europe, a real testimony to our team and to our positioning in Europe and in Asia. So really an outstanding quarter and first six months for our team on the retail side.  I am emphasizing this and de-emphasizing in my oral statements the success we had in institutional. We did have an outstanding quarter in institutional as evidenced in the flows across all the products but I wanted to really emphasize the success we had in retail.  In equities our performance has been very, very strong. Over 73% of our funds are above the index and I think this is one of the reasons we have truly seen some strong flows in our mutual fund platform. I would like to just highlight two of our big successes in the quarter in equities. Our global opportunity funds crossed over $50 billion in the management, one of the fastest growing mutual fund platforms and products in the world. A real testimony to Dennis Statman and his team. I would like to also give recognition to our global natural resource team who also as a team crossed over $50 billion in assets and the management of these products. In both cases with outstanding performance in the first six months of this year.  Our Solutions business has given us quite a bit of notoriety over the course of the quarter. The visibility of our UBS transaction, the visibility of us working alongside the Federal Reserve and management of the Bear Stearns assets. What was less visible was during the quarter we also won five new Aladdin assignments. That is now 9 year-to-date.  We are also in negotiations from other very substantial assignments in our Solutions space. Historically I would tell you we are always at risk because of the sheer in flows of business and we have to navigate and manage the business flows. Our team has done an extraordinarily great job in doing that and we are open for business.  We have had a very successful period of time in hiring people who I would have said a year ago or two years ago would have been very difficult for BlackRock to hire. The people coming in here are real pros and are helping us to build. The intellectual capital we already had within this platform and we are building a position to have even greater strengths in the future.  One other point I would like to highlight which is beyond our estimates in terms of where we thought we could take the business, we basically crossed the $100 million revenue mark for Solutions in the second quarter, an extraordinary increase from any other quarter in the past.  Business momentum continues. Our pipeline was $64 billion. Investment management pipeline was $31.5 billion. $23 billion elongated. Mandates about $8 billion in cash. Our advisory products in which we are advising down positions very similar to the UBS and our Bear Stearns portfolio has increased in the pipeline of $32.5 billion. So another fine quarter which indicates the continued momentum we have in our business platform.  Let me discuss all the noise about BlackRock and Merrill Lynch. We are very pleased this morning to announce the reaffirmation of our business partnership with Merrill Lynch. We have agreed to extend our global distribution agreement which was up for review on September 2009. We agreed to expand that relationship out another four years so the agreement is now five years from now, 5.25 in terms of having that relationship. It has been a powerful relationship for BlackRock and for Merrill Lynch and I believe this reaffirmation of our strategic partnership, the success we enjoy working alongside Merrill Lynch, the success we have in building products and building ideas together for the betterment of both organizations is a real statement in terms of a reaffirmation of our relationship.  I would like to firstly thank John Thain and Greg Flemming. There was obviously quite a bit of noise over the last three weeks in terms of Merrill Lynch’s position within BlackRock and I also believe Merrill Lynch will affirm the strong business cooperation and partnership we have together. We look forward to working even closer with Merrill Lynch and building a very strong platform together.  Let me just touch on the markets. The markets are obviously very volatile. Obviously yesterday it was very volatile in the upside and we have seen some tremendous declines in valuations in the equity markets and specifically financial institutions. We believe we are at a point in time in the credit cycle in which we still have great uncertainty in the future. I believe the credit crisis could be over if we could believe residential housing declines are behind us or near behind us. However, if the residential markets in the United States continue to fall we believe we have many more credit crises in front of us.  Needless to say, we believe the opportunities in investing in distressed debt; distressed mortgages are really great at this moment despite the uncertainty and the direction of residential real estate. In many areas the purchase of residential debt right now the marketplace is pricing this debt at losses far exceeding the losses now. The marketplace is predicting we will actually see more declines in residential real estate. So you are able to buy these assets today already anticipating these losses.  Therefore we still believe there are opportunities. We are not saying to our clients put all their cash in these opportunities. We are recommending clients put some of their cash into these opportunities to start utilizing their cash positions. We are not here to suggest we have found a bottom, but we are suggesting you can make an adequate risk return in investing in these products today. So we are quite nervous about the future because we don’t have the ability to truly predict the direction of residential real estate.  It is our opinion that to stabilize residential real estate we will need a change in governmental policy; we will need more government involvement to stabilize residential real estate. I do not believe it is just a private sector solution. We believe it is going to be the cooperation between private sector and government in stabilizing residential real estate which then will stabilize consumer confidence. We also believe because of the big declines in residential real estate and if they decline more the fear of inflation today will most certainly abate out six or nine months. The temps market is saying that unless it tips today out a year the tips market is suggesting we are not going to have the inflation fears today out nine months.  Indeed if you are a young couple trying to buy a house for the first time this is a tremendous opportunity buying a house down, depending on the region, 5% or 30% or whatever you can attain. So much has been written about all the pain but there is a whole part of the economy where this is a positive and we can’t lose sight of that.  Overall we are concerned about the overall economy. We believe we have risks ahead of us but those risks can be managed and if they are managed successfully we can have a much brighter future.  Overall, the BlackRock position or strategic position with our clients, our comprehensive business model has proven to be very successful and we believe we are in a very good position to take advantage of that. I would like to close the same way Anne Marie closed. I believe our platform, our business model that 100% of our business is a fiduciary business. We only use our balance sheet on behalf of clients. We do not have any proprietary trading. We don’t employ any accounts we manage on behalf of ourselves. None of our risk capital and none of our capital on the balance sheet is used for the house. It is all entirely used for fiduciary purposes. The entire business model is based on a fiduciary platform and I believe that will continue and I believe this is what is differentiating ourselves with our clients.  I would also state one of the strong reasons why we are a firm in which people are seeking our advice in terms of our advisory advice and in terms of our balance sheet advice we are the only firm that has a separation of our investment management business and our investment advisory business. Separate teams, Chinese walls and as a result of that we can’t offer strategic advice to our clients that is cordoned off with the rest of the business. We have that separation for years. We have now over $7 trillion in assets we give investment advice to and risk management advice to. It is that history of our BlackRock Solutions product, the separation of that position and that platform from the investment management platform to provide that totally advice that is separate from the overall platform that is purely for our client’s needs.  Once again I would like to thank all our shareholders, especially Merrill Lynch, and PNC and I would like to especially thank all the BlackRock employees for an incredible quarter, patience and last I would like to just thank all the BlackRock citizens. We have worked really hard. We have seen many sleepy eyes over the course of the quarter. I will say to everyone I did not see one unhappy face. People believe we are doing the right thing on behalf of clients and people believe we are motivated on building this platform.  I would like to thank everyone and we will open it up for questions.  
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question from William R. Katz - Buckingham Research. 
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Larry, just going back to the new business pipeline and the allocation are you starting to see where clients are coming to you and saying we want to get out of cash or where are we in that process in light of the fact the markets have been so volatile particularly in the last 6-8 weeks? 
Laurence Fink:  I would have thought because of all we have seen in the last 6-8 weeks we have seen more people putting in cash. So once again I would have been wrong. You say industry wide cash balances were down in June. We didn’t see that. We are having more conversations with clients about opportunities out in the yields per credit, other products but I do believe away from their conversations with us and I do believe clients whether they are looking to finally build that new plant or purchase equipment if they are an exporter and our clients are seeing their stocks down a lot they may be looking to buy in shares. I would have thought with all the volatility you would have seen an incredible run to the sidelines especially with all the volatility. We just did not see that. 
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: The second question I have is in the advisory business I guess the $32 billion platform might be the Canadian operation, the asset backed paper. I’m just curious beyond that what is sort of the prospects for the business and I’m just wondering if you can help us with some of the economics of these mandates as it relates to both the base management fee and the extent of any impact with performance fees associated with that. 
Laurence Fink:  We see a very large pipeline of opportunities. The financial stresses as evidenced by stock prices is not over. Obviously in the last few days we have seen a huge rally in terms of the equity prices and the financial institutions which is very good. I would have said before yesterday Bill the problem if financial institutions cannot raise capital obviously for every dollar of capital they cannot raise they are going to have to sell anywhere from $12-15 in debt. That was my fear a few days ago. Obviously when the equity markets rally maybe that fear can be mitigated a little bit but we were quite worried we were going to see a huge onslaught of asset sales because people could not raise capital.  We are seeing many institutions who are still in a need to de-leverage, who are still looking for solutions with problem products and so we have as many conversations today than we have ever had in terms of working with clients. We have never seen more interest in our Aladdin system going forward. So the pipeline has never been more robust. Once again these are binary decisions so we could lose all of them or people could move away from it but at this moment it looks very strong.  In terms of how we are paid in some of them we do have a lower base fee and a higher performance fee base. In some of them we have a very high base fee and no performance fees. Also in these assignments we do get a set up fee too and so some of the earnings in the second quarter were associated with set up fees or advice driven fees related to assets. We already have done one other advice fee already in this quarter and so there is once again no rhyme or reason. We customize it to the needs of the client. 
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Last question relates to the discussion on the Merrill Lynch relationship. You mentioned you extended out the relationship. I’m just sort of wondering on the other side of things have you changed the lock out period in any way. 
Laurence Fink:  No. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse. 
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: I’m just trying to think about the profitability of $43 billion advisory asset to BlackRock team in terms of a blended C rate and I’m also trying to think about the persistency versus other asset classes so I believe this is labeled as long progression and the second question I have is the Bear Stearns UBS in Texas large mandates are they in this $43 billion? 
Laurence Fink:  The UBS transaction and the Bear Stearns transaction are in the numbers. You mentioned Texas. I didn’t…
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: I believe you won a $15 million mandate. 
Laurence Fink:  That is a fixed income assignment so that is in the other number, that is not an advisory assignment. The persistency. The persistency of the assets are, and we have the Canadian assignment too that I mentioned is going to be in the pipeline. It closes any time soon. We also have one German assignment that is in the pipeline. These are probably it really depends on the needs of the client and the UBS transaction is a private equity investment buy. BlackRock’s clients, we are managing that to provide a total rate of return to our clients. If we saw opportunities to have that liquidated in 3-5 years we could. We will determine that with our advisory committee with that specific assignment about the persistency of that assignment. But these are long dated assignments. We are differentiating them for more transparency because in those assignments, this is how we have rationalized the segregation of these assets.  These assets are not growing in terms of assets. Our job over a period of time is to liquidate these assets and achieve a high total rate of return. So this is why we segregate them differently and why we think of them differently. Also importantly we also want to segregate this for transparency purposes to identify that these positions are actually managed differently and they are part of the BlackRock solutions platform.  Craig did I answer your question? 
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: You did. I just have actually one other question here. You break out minority interest and non-controlling interest as positions I believe in your proprietary fund which you co-manage with investors. When we look at the first quarter results I believe initially it was negative $9.6 million for this item which is offset against your investment portfolio gains and I believe in your current press release it is positive $5.4 million. 
Laurence Fink:  It is $8 million. Are you talking about non-operating income? 
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: I’m talking about minority interest after tax. 
Laurence Fink:  I’m going to let Anne Marie answer that one. 
Anne Marie Petach:  The minority interest number are you saying we changed the number compared to what you recognized in the first quarter? 
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: When I look at the first quarter press release and then I look at for the first quarter 2008 I look at non-controlling interest right above net income in the P&L and then I look at the current press release for how you disclosed first quarter 2008, the ending results are the same. The minority interest line or this non-controlling interest line is different. It went from negative $9.6 to $5.4 and it should be the same item. 
Anne Marie Petach:  The net is the same there is just some sorting out of…
Laurence Fink:  Just so you know what can happen to us is that we closed down earnings and then we sometimes do have adjustments on private equity related aspects that come after the close. We sometimes are required to go back and realign first quarter results in that regard. Remember most of these, a lot of this non-controlling interest represents private equity related investments and we do close very early so you do get some changes in that but that is all it is. It will be all identified and explained in the Q. 
Robert Connolly:  I would just say also one thing on these are C investments in these funds alongside our investors in fund-to-fund private equity. 
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: This quarter was very large add back to net income. Your private equity returns look strong. Hedge funds look strong. Real estate was a little weak with the market but it looks like there was a big add back this quarter. I’m just wondering rationally why was that. 
Anne Marie Petach:  I tried to pull that together in my comments. What we have had was a very positive return on some deferred comp assets and so I mentioned our deferred comp expense was really sort of grossed up by $25 million because there is an offset in our non-operating income because of the add that has had to return. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin – Wachovia. 
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Much of my stuff has already been answered but I just want to spend a little bit more time talking a little bit about the expenses. I was surprised to see just looking at the non-comp coming in, $5-6 million or so. Is that some sort of, I know you guys have talked about it in the past about some benefits of the Merrill Lynch integration which maybe you had pushed off because business was sort of robust and you had to focus on that before making some other adjustments. Is that what this reflects? I was just surprised given the ramp up in AUM business, etc. that the non-comp came in. 
Anne Marie Petach:  The non-comp came in, let me just walk you through some of the pieces there. First of all we had lower effects of negative foreign exchange worth about $7 million which would totally explain the difference and in addition we had some up and down. We had some higher marketing expenses that were associated with the re-brand. 
Laurence Fink:  Remember we did re-brand in the second quarter and so we had a lot of high expenses. 
Anne Marie Petach:  That were associated with the re-brand. Some offsets in really more timing related than other but we are seeing some lower consulting fees and some lower fees associated with outside advice. 
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: I just wanted to dig in a little bit more; I think the first question was about the special advisory assignments. I guess sort of thinking about the incremental revenue for BlackRock solutions this quarter and I appreciate you guys providing the additional color on the additional set up costs, but it looked like us not knowing the set up costs about $40 million or so incremental. Should we be thinking about this as the generally speaking $40 billion in new assignments that hit this quarter generally sort of roughly that incremental $25-40 million? 
Laurence Fink:  Yes. I would say so. You should not expect that to happen out in the future so don’t put that into your model. I would say that is fair. I would say if we hit on some of these pipeline negotiations we have we should see that again but once again I would not monetize those types of set up fees. 
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: But, can you give us some color stripping out set up fees what sort of reasonable solutions numbers would look like pre any additional funding? Obviously I know the number changes but I’m just trying to get a flavor for what sort of…
Laurence Fink:  It is so fluid out there and so many different assignments right now I don’t know what I could reasonably tell you. My general counsel is looking at me I’m not supposed to talk about forecasting so…I think probably off line Anne Marie could probably help you on that. 
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Perfect. Just to dig into the fixed income I know you had mentioned the Texas Retirement win in there. Is there anything else going on in fixed income this quarter? I know you guys have had two quarters of out flows. Maybe the competitive landscape, I know you said it is always tough, some of your competitors are really struggling. Are you seeing the benefit of that at all or is it really just sort of these big one-off’s where you get a big mandate? 
Laurence Fink:  No actually we are seeing more flows. One would have thought people would be taking money out of fixed and reallocating it into equities. I think we have seen more inquiry because there is more fear. We didn’t see it in liquidity we saw it in more longer dated or intermediate flows. Most of our wins were less elongated but were more in the lower duration area. It could be stated that people instead of putting it in cash were looking for some little excess return in the low duration area. 
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: The final question, could you just talk a little bit about the initial benefits of the strategic relationship with Merrill Lynch and sort of pushing this out another 4 years and what that could potentially mean? 
Laurence Fink:  We have the ability to work alongside with the FA’s at Merrill Lynch. We have a unique position in that in terms of working with the FA’s. We have offices near or within the offices of Merrill Lynch in the global wealth management area. So we have this ability to work with them and help them with their clients in terms of idea generation and it has been a very powerful relationship for BlackRock and for Merrill Lynch. It is one of the reasons why we have seen in terms of our relationship since the transaction closed our market share of mutual fund sales within there have actually increased.  Having the third-party brand name and yet having that ability to have that uniqueness in their pie form. 
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Is there any sort of ownership requirement sort of level they need to maintain? I know they are free to sell I guess at the end of next year. Whether or not they do or how much they do will that impact that strategic relationship one way or the other? 
Laurence Fink:  No, that relationship is separated now from any equity position that Merrill Lynch has. 
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: After the sort of lock up period do you guys still have a right to be sort of the first buyer of that or does that go away after the lock up period? 
Laurence Fink:  I think it is all in the full documents but I believe we still have that right and they can’t sell all at one quarter anyway. I don’t have the exact formula but they have to sell a little at a time after a certain point. I would recommend working with Anne Marie or Sue Agner in terms of helping you get more granularity and reminding me where that document…I guess it is in our shareholder agreement. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Prashant Bhatia – Citigroup. 
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Just on the bulk sale transaction you did with UBS if you can could you just give an update on that portfolio? More importantly do you have capacity to do more of these types of transactions? 
Laurence Fink:  The answer is clearly yes. We are working on some right now. On that transaction alone I think we had the ability to raise free XE equity that we needed. So we saw huge demand for distressed assets. In terms of how the portfolio is performing it is performing exactly where we thought it would be performing in terms of cash flows. So far we only have 1.5 months of experience. In terms of the first month of cash flows the performance did exactly what we modeled. 
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Is getting financing any sort of limiting factor? I know in a lot of transactions it is seller financed. If it weren’t seller financed would that be a limiting factor in doing these types of bulk asset sales? 
Laurence Fink:  Yes. To get the returns the equity holders are looking for they need some form of leverage to take it on. There are other investors of ours who would like to just buy un-leveraged but that would be just a single account relationship, a separate account. But to do the type of transaction we did with UBS where it was structured as a single purpose corporation the investors there were looking for a leveraged return. It really depends on the desire of the investors. I would tell you leveraged returns in this asset category there is a lot of equity demand for that. So yes. A limiting factor of that type of product is leverage. 
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: I guess just broadly around the Fannie and Freddie situation, you being one of the biggest fixed income money managers in the world, how do you think about this situation and how do you think this plays out and does there need to be more extensive government involvement and any risk to your franchise? 
Laurence Fink:  I do not believe in any circumstance that the debt be impaired at all. We are a large holder of their debt in terms of mortgage backed securities. If the credit markets are an accurate representation of what the market feeling is Freddie and Fannie securities have basically done fine. In fact a few days ago they tightened a lot. I think yesterday they widened because of the change in the marketplace but the credit markets are saying whatever is the outcome the credit should be fine.  I think putting on my Mr. Public hat for a second I believe is no other choice than to make sure the credit is fine because a high percentage of this credit is held by foreigners, by sovereign wealth funds, by central banks and I think this is known within the administration and I would see no…I see no outcome in which if there was ever a need to do something in which the debt would not be paid in full.  The equity is a bigger story, a bigger question. I think there is stability in the two GSE’s in the last two days. I see them up today. The raging debate in all financial markets is if there is a need to do something with the agencies and/or if there is a need by the FDIC to consolidate a bank what would the regulators do to the preferred holders. That is the big question that is in the capital markets now. Obviously preferred is definitionally equity. However, in the case that if there was any need to close a bank the raging debate is would they make the FDIC make the preferred holders whole or would they get zero. That would have pronounced ramifications to the whole capital structure of banks going forward.  I think if we determined that preferred is zero in a nationalization of a bank or close down of a bank one would think it would be very difficult in the future to ever raise preferred again because you were not paid that much difference versus common. Therefore I think it would be very difficult for banks to raise preferred and it would have a pronounced impact on leverage ratios because they would only have capital raised through equity or common equity.  This is something I am watching and we are paying attention to. I don’t have an answer but I think it is going to be one of the definitive issues we will have to watch. Regarding Freddie and Fannie, as I said earlier this country needs a strong platform for mortgages. Freddie and Fannie have provided the strength around the residential mortgage market. Whatever the outcome is and I don’t have a crystal ball; I hope they are able to resolve it. I think for everyone it would be good to have a very strong Freddie and Fannie but I do believe whatever the outcome is we have to have a strong secondary housing security market or the residential housing market will be impaired for many, many years beyond anyone’s dreams. I believe it is just incredibly necessary as we think to have a strong GSE whether that is a GSE that is presently structured as is and they are able to rebound and to get the strength that the market hopes they are going to get or whether it needs other type of assistance in the form of what Secretary Paulson has suggested in back stops. 
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: You have got a very active dialogue with sovereign wealth funds. Has that appetite changed over the past year or so? Maybe a shift in direct investment to outsourcing some of this to third-parties and is that something that could potentially benefit BlackRock as we look out over the next couple of years? 
Laurence Fink:  Most certainly our sovereign wealth fund business has grown dramatically. I don’t think we ever list that but it has grown dramatically. I see that continuing to grow dramatically but I also see them and work with them that they are looking for direct investments. The sovereign wealth funds have been very involved in some of our structured products. They are looking for customized solutions. We had sovereign wealth funds invest in our UBS portfolio and so whether that is direct or indirect I’m not sure how that differentiates it. In our case our relationships are growing. Our dialogue is constant. We are working with them on things that ultimately we are not investing for them. We have that constant dialogue in which we are helping them as they have greater and greater needs as their cash balances are exploding. 
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Would you care to size the business in terms of assets? 
Laurence Fink:  No. 
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: One final one just looking at your stock and the relative out performance versus a lot of other asset management type entities, is this a time when you would think about acquisitions to fill in any kinds of needs you had or would you tend to be more inquisitive here just based on your relative out performance versus some of your peers? 
Laurence Fink:  You may not like this answer. I don’t look at our relative PE as a means in which we look at acquisitions. That may be the tenth reason or fifteenth reason. We look at acquisitions purely if they enhance our manufacturing platform and/or our distribution platform. I would say very clearly we are not interested in doing acquisitions for accretion. That is a one time gain. The market sees right through it. It is too much hard work and displacement of time and people to do something because of solely accretion. If we can do a transaction in which it totally transforms our manufacturing and/or our distribution platform and it is accretive we would look at that type of transaction.  We have had numerous inquiries over the last quarter in which a client would we be interested in doing another strategic acquisition. So there are many organizations worldwide who have requested to have dialogue with us. I would not tell you we are anywhere close in doing any. But we are not walking away from any dialogue. We have a very high bar to do anything. I love where we are. We have incredible momentum. We are transforming our business relationships with our clients in a very positive way. I would have to have a very high bar to do a transaction because I would not want to disrupt the organic momentum we have. 
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Just a final one on auction rates. Larry, how far along are you in terms of refinancing what you need to get done and I’m just curious on the appetite for money funds on picking up some of these new securities. I know there has been an effort to make them compliant so money funds can own them but how much of an appetite are you seeing money funds actually wanting to do some of these new securities? 
Laurence Fink:  The new securities are not complete yet. So we are working towards it. We have had the IRS come back and give us a ruling that makes us believe we are going to get the ability to make these 287’s eligible. We are working with the banks so we do meet standby commitments for banks. Obviously the credit market is the issue. That is why we are having such problems but to do this properly we still need banks to sign up on this for standby commitments so ultimately the assets would be put back to the fund. But if there are any triggers and we are working alongside our banks at the moment to do that.  If we get that I believe there will be a sound and large 287 market for these products. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Michael Hecht - Banc of America.   
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: I just wanted to come back on the backlog and I apologize if I missed this but did you guys give the color for the long dated products, the $23 billion of backlog you guys talked about in the release there across equities versus fixed income and more U.S. versus non-U.S. centered? 
Laurence Fink:  I have it here. I think it is in the press release. 
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: I thought it was just in like long data. Maybe I missed it. 
Laurence Fink:  $14.6 in fixed. $6 in equities. $2.5 in alternatives. Break down international versus U.S. $10.8 in U.S., $20.7 international. 
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: On the money fund out flows I think you guys talked about in the release is kind of seemed towards quarter end and any other color on that? I guess this goes back to an earlier question but does that suggest you are seeing signs that clients are taking more risk and shifting out of cash or something else driving that? Also in the money funds anything you are seeing cross mix of institutional versus retail on the flows? 
Laurence Fink:  Clearly the industry saw a large out flow in June. I think it was $50 billion I saw. According to Paul that was all institutional out flows. There is no question we are seeing some clients who are looking to extend into more risky assets but I do believe more clients or many clients are saying maybe it is time to relent, to utilize the cash for their own internal needs. G&A, plant and equipment purchases which have probably been delayed and one of the reasons I think cash is so large, and obviously with declining stock prices I think some of the clients are obviously using some of the cash for stock repurchases.  I don’t think there is any one reason. We did see a big flow of cash back. If we look at the pipeline $8.5 billion is back to our platform. 
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Any more color on just kind of investment portfolio trends broadly? Do you have any numbers in terms of where you guys rank in the Lipper rankings across equity and fixed income? 
Laurence Fink:  Can I give that to you off line? I don’t have that in front of me. As I said our equity numbers are very strong. 
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Lastly, a housekeeping thing. Any additional color on the outlook for performance fees in the second half? Q2 they were up a fair amount versus a year ago so does that suggest strong year-over-year comps for the second half and how should we think about performance fees versus how we think about comp expense in the second half too? 
Laurence Fink:  We have a lot of performance fee triggers in the third and fourth quarter. That is where we get them. I can’t predict what the market is going to do and how well we out perform or under perform so in some of the areas we are in the right spaces and some of the areas we are in the wrong spaces right now. We did have strong performance fees in the last few years in real estate. We don’t expect to see strong performance fees this year in those spaces. So it really depends on the product. Fortunately over the last few years we have really built out a more robust and diversified alternative to space and we believe we will have flows and performance fees but I am not permitted to forecast them out. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company. 
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Larry a question, actually it is a pipeline question again. If fixed income, the $13 billion mandate you won from Texas did that fully fund in the second quarter? 
Laurence Fink:  That is not a pipeline. That was the second quarter. 
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: So that is fully funded. Around the edges if you take a step back and look at quarter cash mandates down, winning these big advisory mandates if you will, can you talk about those two businesses in terms of the fees and the stickiness in duration of the two different assets? Which one, it seemed to me the advisory business in winning that business over losing some of the cash mandates is a net positive for your fee mix and your margins. 
Laurence Fink:  It is a night and day difference, no question. Let me go back to cash. Our cash assets were up a lot for the quarter so we witnessed most of the out flows in the last week. So we saw it go back. I would say we are definitely seeing a deceleration in cash. I would say that but once again the question related to the different fee businesses, the advisory fee business is far stronger, far better, far more predictable than longer dated. 
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: On the performance fees it looked like your long only or your equity balanced fees were up about 4x year-over-year and obviously that would imply not only performance but you are probably taking in some more assets on the institutional side that are performance fee based. Can you help size the AUM base on the institutional side or separate account size that actually earns performance fees? 
Laurence Fink:  I don’t think we provide that granularity. If we do, I don’t have it in front of me but I’m sure offline Anne Marie could work with you on that. But your notion of are we seeing more flows in those products, absolutely. The other issue is I think as you suggested the performance was strong. I think that also suggested why we are seeing more institutional flows. It is also suggesting why we had a pretty robust retail flows in equities. 
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: So it is both performance and flows driving higher AUM performance? 
Laurence Fink:  Absolutely. One product we launched an agriculture fund that fully ramped up quickly and performance is strong obviously already. So there is a good product launched. It is doing well. It has got a lot of notoriety and success. I don’t know if it is closed yet or we are near closing. We did close it? So that would be a good example of a product we had expertise in. We ramped it up and we got it fully ramped up in the second quarter. 
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: On the $32 billion can you just talk about where you have those set up fees hitting in the advisory mandates. Would you have those set up fees hitting in the third quarter? 
Laurence Fink:  Probably yes. One of them yes. I don’t know…we are not certain when the second one will fund. We don’t have any definitiveness. We are working with them but I don’t know…it requires some governmental signs offs and all that. 
Operator:  The final question comes from the line of Hojoon Lee – Morgan Stanley.   
Hojoon Lee – Morgan Stanley: Just two quick questions. In terms of your alternative business can you give us a sense of where you are seeing stronger or weaker demand? Whether it is in fund-to-funds or proprietary hedge funds or real estate or private equity? 
Laurence Fink:  Our flows were even across both of them. Which would signify actually a greater momentum in our own manufactured products because we never had this type of momentum in those products before. 
Hojoon Lee – Morgan Stanley: In terms of the non-operating income items, I noticed you guys had a slight positive gain in private equity. Was that due to crystallization or just a mark-to-market gain? 
Anne Marie Petach:  That is a mark-to-market. 
Hojoon Lee – Morgan Stanley: Could you just give me a sense of what drove the mark-to-market decline in real estate? 
Laurence Fink:  We appraise our properties every quarter and from Peter Cooper Village which is one to others where the market atmosphere, we had the third party appraiser appraise them down. We market those up and down with whatever the direction of the marketplace is. 
Hojoon Lee – Morgan Stanley: Final question, I think last quarter you guys had slight mark-to-market declines on some of the recent credit and mortgage investments that you made. Is that $15 million in gains in non-operating income related to those assets? 
Anne Marie Petach:  Are you looking at the “other” there? 
Hojoon Lee – Morgan Stanley: Yes, the other investments. 
Anne Marie Petach:  Included in the hedge funds which is driving 11 there is in part those assets which I think are you are right we have positive marks on those assets. If you are looking at the “other” what is driving that is what I described earlier as some deferred comp related assets. 
Laurence Fink:  Thank you everyone. Have a good quarter. Hopefully we can have a summer and we can have some summer vacations this year versus last year. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert P. Connolly - Managing Director and General Counsel Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and CFO and Head of Cash Management Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company Michael Hecht - Banc of America Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods William R. Katz - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Luanne, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated First Quarter 2008 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be; Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Paul L. Audet; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert P. Connolly - Managing Director and General Counsel: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Paul make the remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements. With that I'll turn it over Paul L. Audet, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: Good morning. Our first quarter results clearly reflect two different stories. One a very strong core business operating fundamentals, but also the impact of adverse financial markets on non-operating income where we saw earnings decline by $0.12 associated with non-operating income as opposed to a contribution of $0.16 for the first quarter of 2007, and $0.10 for the fourth quarter of 2007. First let's discuss core business. Operating income, as adjusted, totaled $417 million for the first quarter, this represented an increase of 34% compared to the prior first quarter... prior year first quarter. On a per share basis, operating earnings increased 41% to $2.02 compared with $1.43 earned in the first quarter of 2007. Adjusted operating margin also rose in the first quarter to 37.6% compared to 36.7% in the first quarter of '07. These results were driven by organic AUM growth over the past 12 months, which totaled $158 billion including $35 billion of organic flows in the first quarter of 2008. Long-dated organic asset growth over the last year totaled $56 billion or approximately 6%. Cash management assets increased over $102 billion to $349 billion at March 31, 2008. First quarter organic growth of $35 billion was largely concentrating in cash management flows as new long-dated fundings were offset by client withdrawals ended at generating either liquidity or changed investment strategies. Overall AUM finished the quarter at $1.364 trillion, up 1% from December 31st. The $35 billion of organic AUM growth is largely offset by the impact of declining equity markets as equity asset depreciation net of Apex totaled $32 billion or 7% of beginning AUM for equities. Fixed income assets appreciated approximately 1% for the quarter while alternative products depreciated 1%. Larry is going to talk about pipeline, so I am going to leave that for him to discuss. One thing that we would like to know with respect to the first quarter we incurred no additional charges in the first quarter on enhanced cash funds and have returned over 50% of invested capital to-date. BlackRock did... has not recorded nor has ever recorded any charges with respect to our money market mutual funds. Our remaining SIV exposure, complies only top tier financial institutions all of which have been restructured or guaranteed by the sponsors. Total SIV assets will approximate $1,800 million by June 30th or 4.2% of overall cash management AUM, and we have no remaining SIVs in our 2a-7 mutual... money market mutual funds. For the quarter investment advisory fees were $1.13 billion up 30% from 2007, but down 2.2% from the fourth quarter obviously restructuring the strong year-over-year asset growth but as... but also declining asset, equity market since year-end. Performance fees of $41.5 million for the first quarter were largely due to positive results in international institutional separate accounts, which overcame our reduced forecast for fund of hedge fund performance fees. A significant percentage of the company's performance fee products have contractual periods, which conclude in the third and fourth quarters. Last year in 2007, 86% of our performance fees were earned in the third and the fourth quarter of the year. This remains represents a primary factor driving the $111 million decline in performance fees from the fourth quarter of 2007. BlackRock Solutions continues to generate significant growth in new business volumes both on the Aladdin system, as well as risk advisory assignments. First quarter revenues totaled $60 million and it was up 41% year-over-year. Compensation costs for the first quarter were $469 million or representing 36.1% of totaled revenue and included a reduction in our forecasted and expected bonus accrual rates as we've generated lower than expected non-operating income. During the quarter we also saw very good management of the expenses especially, on general and administrative. We were only up $10 million year-over-year and general, administrative expense, and all of that represents FX remeasurement changes. For the fourth... for the first quarter we had actually incurred FX remeasurement cost of $8 million as compared to $2 million income in the first quarter of last year at $10 million differential and we actually had $5 million of excess FX remeasurement gains in the fourth quarter. This remeasurement is largely due to obviously the escalation of the euro, as it relates to both the sterling and the U.S dollar. For the first quarter, our effective tax rate was 35% that was 36% in the first quarter of 2007 and up 35.4% for all... full year 2007. With respect to the non-operating side, we have provided in our release a breakdown of where that resided, but largely reflected mark-to-markets in our investment portfolio. We right now run economic investments of about $1.4 billion. The change... the $24 million loss largely reflects the fact that and it was $50 million... $57 million change year-over-year. With respect to declining net investment income associated with higher interest expense as we've raised $700 million of debt last year; approximately $13 million of net changes year-over-year with respect to our real estate valuations. Little less than $25 million change year-over-year with respect to hedge fund in fund-to-fund that co-investment valuations. Approximately $10 million of which was associated with the write-off of one investment with respect to a fund in liquidation. The balance of the changes were largely comprised and CDO and CDS impairments, as well as other mark-to-markets on equity balances. Clearly, this is a change from prior periods, but I would note that for the fourth quarter, our non-operating income reflected about 2% of our overall investment portfolio on a positive basis, and in the first quarter we are showing 2% decline as against very significant market declines across the board. With that I will turn it over to Larry to discuss the business.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for turning in. As Paul discussed the quarter clearly reflected two stories to try to give color on both, so let me start off with all this market turmoil will always the tremendous changes in values and the fixed income market, and the equity markets and many of the alternative markets. We're very clear to the management team of BlackRock that our model is working and working extremely well. Having a diversified global business model has allowed us to have... to work with clients worldwide, and it allowed us to work in terms of clients who are seeking solutions to balance sheet issues, and it will also, this global models helping us explain why in... why our pipeline is so robust, which we'll discuss in a minute. Our pipeline has... as discussed in the... in our release is about $106 billion. $20 billion of cash which about $15 billion of it has been funded already, so as of this moment our cash management, which is very volatile, is back to almost into late March average of about $50 billion, as we ended the quarter about $35 billion, and we just saw some... for preparation for tax, and we saw in this quarter rebalancing in cash. We saw outflows in last few days. So nothing disturbing and this is very customary, I think in the first quarter in terms of what we saw. Impressively also we have $23 billion in terms of long-dated pipeline wins in our core franchise, and what we are trying to explain our... I will put a little more emphasis, little later in my talk. A new category called advisory asset management and this is our position business in which BlackRock Solutions are working with our clients, in terms of long-term distributions and dispositions of positions are held by different institutions that totals about $62 billion. Our asset mix in my mind has really differentiated of showing that despite of 7% decline in our equity business that we still have net asset growth. It once again proves to me and hopefully to all of you that having a strong cash, strong fixed income, strong equity, and strong alternative business allows us to migrate alongside with our clients, and I will describe some of the migration we saw in the first quarter little later. And also importantly is having the strength of two distribution channels, a very strong retail channel where we at BlackRock are still... are seeing growth in our equity retail channels in the U.S. We saw some outflows in our global equity platform, so netting basically zero, but our U.S open-end platform we saw growth in our equity platform, which is in the backdrop of mutual fund outflows in equities, we had a very good quarter. And then the institutional side where we are working alongside with Long, with some very, very large clients. I should also add our RFP pipeline has never been stronger. We have some RFPs right now that are in the tens of billions of dollars, I am not here to suggest we're going to win those, but there are some very large reallocations that we are seeing from clients, that we are participating and I'll describe that a little later. As Paul described our operating income was $202 million, which in my mind is a very indicative indication of how strong the core franchise was in the first quarter and the momentum we have going into the second quarter, this as Paul suggested represent about a 41% increase from the year-to-year change. So our core business is very strong, and we are responding to these global markets that are... that are experiencing some severe strains and difficulty. Let me go over the flows, which are very unusual. For the first time we are seeing some strong outflows in fixed income going into cash, about 50% of the outflows in fixed income were clients who were saying, I need to... I am very uncertain about the market. Many clients are saying I cannot make the appropriate return owning fixed income or certainly treasuries and 350 were the 10 years approximately, plus or minus a few basis points. So more and more clients were saying, I can't make an enough return on some of the fixed income products, for the moment until I feel more comfortable let me be in cash. We see some of those clients are going out of traditional fixed income to alternatives, much of our alternative growth, which we had a nice growth in the first quarter was in the special situations. Our mortgaged, distressed mortgage fund we created, the distressed debt fund that we created, that was more an alternative basis, but if you look at the makeup of those alternative wins, they were very fixed income oriented. So lot of that alternative win is how we define alternatives, but the 100s of those alternative wins are fixed income and they are more alternative in terms of fee structure also I should add. And so we saw some very unusual flows. And I think that will persist, I am not... I'm not here to suggest that we are not going to see flows that are not going out of fixed income, I think flows will go on a fixed income the liquidity into alternatives, what we are now trying to say the clients, it is time to take on more risks and we are suggesting many clients to start looking to move away from treasury oriented strategies to more credit-oriented and mortgage-oriented strategies. So we are recommending, and this is why I think our pipeline are appear so strong for clients to start relooking at how they look at fixed income. In one of our pipeline wins, was $1.3 billion win in high yield, so some of our work with our clients are starting to take hold in which clients are agreeing with us, but then it's very hard to make any real return on owning treasury securities or be it even in a core fixed income strategy and so we're looking again at working with clients to try to really look a rather reoriented our positions to more credit to more mortgage strategies, and in many cases some of our clients are still looking to do long-dated liability types of strategies too. So they are trying to... irrespective of the low interest rate environment many of our clients were just saying, I don't want to have a volatility and I am locking in long duration strategies were we still see some real opportunities. So our clients are confused. Our clients have put more than huge sums of money in our liquidity business. I don't think we are unusual in this liquidity business is very robust right now, as Paul suggest it is important for us to know again that we are not experiencing any real credit issues that we are putting on to our balance sheet unlike so many other institutions, and I think so many other institutions will be reporting in the next few weeks. We've had a very strong credit story in our liquidity business. Our team has done a very good job in navigating this, and as Paul suggested we are very happy and which how we are trying to rapidly reduce the exposure we have with our clients in those two cash strategy funds where we flows those positions last year, and we are now as Paul suggested 50% of the money have been returned at par to our clients, and over the course and balance of this year we believe our clients all will receive all their money back at par, and so this is what we are working towards. As Paul discussed our non-operating income obviously this is the other side of the story with global assets impaired, and as we invest in global assets working alongside with our clients some of our positions have been impaired. It's a 2% loss in the overall portfolio, as Paul suggested. It's the mere side of gain we had in the fourth quarter, I will tell you very loud and clear we continue to do expect to investing in alternatives, in real estate alongside with our customers as we rollout more strategies in the alternative space we will be investing alongside with our clients, and so much of that this is our philosophy, this is what we are going to do. I will also say though it is not a dollar of our assets that we employ for proprietary trading. There is not a dollar of our market capitalization that we use for any thing, but fiduciary business with our clients. And so the impairment that we have here in our non-operating income is all related to investing alongside with our clients and strategies. I should also add some other issues that were... where we've had on a mark-to-market basis some impairment. We are a strong believer that investing in credit and mortgages is a great opportunity. Obviously, I've not hit the bottom yet and so we actually are experiencing some modest impairment in some of the strategy that we're investing in, in the first quarter. We will continue to invest in those strategies because we could believe over the course of the next two years, these are going to be great opportunities invest in the bank loan markets, great strategies invested in mortgages, and other distressed areas. So, unfortunately we are not going to be able to call bonds, we are not going to be immediately investing and making huge gains, but we believe as we need to start adding those positions now and we are working very carefully with our clients. And unfortunately in the first reporting period, some of those have short-term losses and in fact our clients are calling us and asking can they put more money in these strategies and then some of these strategies were closed, so even this week we had a client saying can we actually put more money in these strategies and we said no we have closed. Obviously, we're going to announce and rollout some other products and we're pretty excited about one or two of them right now. But, I think this is just part of our long-term strategy that we believe we're being paid to take on some of these risks in these product areas. So it's important to understand the non-operating income area is... it is disappointing for me and however, it is our strategies that continue to build our investments alongside with our clients, and if the marketplace does turn itself around, obviously we are going to show some vast improvements in those areas. Let me talk about BlackRock Solutions and the BlackRock advisory business. We are in a unique position. We are one of a handful and I don't know who the other handful are, but I will be... it's fair to say we are one of the handful of organizations that have a fiduciary business in this advisory side whereby we have a total separation from our investment management team in terms of understanding and working on this risks. BlackRock Solutions now has over $7 trillion in assets that we do analytics for, and so we have a broad base of assets that we evaluate on a third-party basis working with our clients. We have this advisory team that is working with our clients in turn, helping our clients understand their embedded risks, and we are trying to work out strategies. This is a business that's been heavily in the news with some substantial assignments. And so we are trying to create more transparency to all of you of where these assignments are and what they are? It is fair to say these are temporary assignments, but it's also fair for me to say in many of these cases, these contracts are five to 10 years long. These are not temporary assignments in the terms of being a three month assignment. These are going to be assignments that are going to take whatever it takes up to 10 years in many case... in some cases to work out a long-term solution. Now it is our hope that the market rebalanced. It is our hope that we are going to be able to work with our clients and that the portfolios are reduced in a much shorter period of time, but we have no ability to predict what is going to happen in the capital markets in this time. Obviously, by our views that I discussed about our co-investments with our clients, in mortgage and credit, we do believe there will be a turnaround, and we believe during that turn around, we will be in a liquidation mode with some of our clients in these portfolios. We... there are many more assignments like that, that are percolating around right now. We believe this is not going to be just a short-term business. And I believe this business will be... at least an intermediate type of business. We see and are talking to many other clients. We are sitting with impaired assets, are sitting with assets that they don't have the full capacity to understand and to manage. And so we are actively engaged with many other institutions right now in terms of working with them, and trying to assess what they should do in this area. We are also working with many new institutions that are saying okay, I can't afford, or not have a better risk management system, and so unfortunately for our clients who are experiencing these problems, this is all... we are working with our clients to help them put on better risk systems in some cases there are the Aladdin system at BlackRock and some cases they are using other investment system. But, I do believe the business of our... solutions business will continue to grow at very fast... at a very fast rate. As I said in the past, this is the business that's very hard in terms of staffing. We are aggressively recruiting and hiring, aggressively growing our people. But, I must tell everyone that in the first quarter working on these very cumbersome, very visible assignments, I saw as a CEO some extraordinary work done on behalf of the team. We saw examples of work done that I had never seen in 20 year history of BlackRock. We are able to work with these clients who are a very visible in terms of their issues and we've been able to work very closely with them and held them as array and assessment of the risks, and are working with them with a long term plan in terms of reducing the exposure in these asset categories. So, we are quite constructive on this business we believe this business is going to be extremely robust for the coming months, quarters and years to come. New business mix, we continue to see as I said earlier very large RFPs in two of the cases or more than $10 billion in terms of assignments. These are all long-dated assignments. These are both in fixed income. We are very involved with many other institutions right now who are looking for opportunities to invest in credit, in mortgages, and other types of distressed products, and so we believe what's there is a little more stability, and I am not... I'm not sure when that'll be, but once there is a little more stability, we believe there'll be some large, large flows into the long-dated fix fixed income products that were in distress. And we believe we will be one of the firms that will be able to take advantage of those flows in those businesses. Our cash management business continued to be very strong, as I said earlier. We've been able to avoid the good majority of credit issues. We are very well positioned. We continued to stop [ph] that area too, and we continued to differentiate ourselves due to the fact that we are not sitting here with any large exposures that we had in our 2a-7 products and our other cash management strategies. Our equity business continued us to grow. We continued to grow in terms of the knowledge based in the world that BlackRock has a lot more than bonds. And as I said in our domestic retail open-end fund business, we've had some very good flows in our equity business. Our global opportunities fund it is going from to strength-to-strength worldwide. It is one of the most noted mutual funds in the world right now, in terms of growth. Dennis Stattman and his team have shown an extraordinary abilities to navigate these global markets and outperform in these vital markets, and we are continuing to see some substantial flows in that product area. We are continuing to build out our equity products, we are thrilled with the new European equity team that we have in placed in the first quarter, and we expect to see flows with them. We continued to see some great opportunities in our agricultural equity funds, in our mineral and mining funds, or our natural resource funds. Our UK equity teams had an extraordinary performance, and we continue to be one of the dominant equity firms in that area. So we have more and more opportunities in the equity business, and we think this will continue to build more momentum in the balance of the year. So overall I would say the platform is well positioned to handle the inquires in Solutions. We are very well positioned in the fixed income area to take advantage when the market goes from fear, and when we see rebalancing not a treasury oriented products into more mortgage and credit oriented products. I think I said in a speech earlier this year that I think the next bubble is U.S treasuries. U.S treasuries just represent a fear security and so we are pretty loud in terms of telling clients to try to rebalance, as much as possible out of treasuries and to go into CMBS, MBS and other credit products. We continue to do... so we continue to see those opportunities in fixed income. We can see those opportunities in equities. And on the alternative space we are working on some very, very large ideas, in terms of working out a large scale opportunities in terms of, in the distressed mortgage, the distressed credit areas that we are actively working on right now, and we hope to have something very large in the second quarter in terms of working with our clients and investing in these distressed opportunities. We also would like to just tell everyone, we did have our 20th anniversary in the first quarter. It was an extraordinary event in terms of the recognition of where this firm came from, and where we are today. And I will say to everyone, the momentum in the firm, the culture, the enthusiasm on a global basis has never been greater. Our teams are one, we talk all the time about one BlackRock, one team representing our platform, I could tell you very loud and clear, we have achieved mass in terms of the opportunities that we have representing our clients globally as a one BlackRock organization. We also will be very proud on May 1st of this year when we formally become BlackRock worldwide in terms of our mutual fund retail platform. We will drop the hyphenated name on April 29th this month, with the hyphenated BlackRock Merrill Lynch advisors in Europe and Asia and in terms of our mutual funds, and so the branding has been very successful. We have achieved scale in terms of the knowledge base of BlackRock, and we have achieved the ability to be very comfortable and excited about representing ourselves globally, worldwide on May 1st as one BlackRock. I would like to thank all the employees for all the hard wok in the first quarter. I know it's been quite stressful, and with that I will open it for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. Just two questions here. The first question was on the fee rate in the alternative and fixed income businesses, which declined sequentially. Has new business wins when the driver of few reduction here or is there anything kind of unusual numbers?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: Craig what I would like to do is probably do with you that, with that online. What I can tell you is there's two issues where fixed income, we did announce in the release of reclassification. We did have a balance product that got reclassified on mix [ph] revenues in the fourth quarter between equity and fixed income incorrectly from what you would have seen in the prior release, and that is implicating the fixed income decline in rates of good amount. The other part of that is just so everyone knows two different factors in fixed income, a large CDO issuance Tourmaline II in the fourth quarter which added $2 million of one-time origination fees in the fourth quarter. And also if you remember we did reduce a lot of our ownership and through impairments of some of our CDOs in the fourth quarter. As soon as we did that, we also turned off fee arrangements on a lot of the subordinated tranches of those and that implicated fixed income revenues about $6 million. So that is the appropriate decline, but it's not necessarily anything other than those. Alternative is merely a factor of timing, and so I think the quarter rate that you saw in the first quarter is appropriate.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Okay, so that's appropriate for forward run rate?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: Yes.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Okay. Second question was on the auction rate preferred and closing fund. I was wondering if you can provide a little more color, because I am wondering, it looks like you just refinanced about 20% of your ARP paper. That's outstanding. When I look at what current needs are to refinance them in a muni paper, it's something like yields under 4% and it's maybe the perpetual quantity [ph] from a third-party. I am wondering if you think, with the current liquidity situation if that's maybe realistic or through some other type of solutions. They know you've been mentioning in your press release yesterday pending option bonds and also the credit puts solutions. So I'm wondering if maybe you think those type of solutions will work over the next year?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are working very closely right now with institutions like your institution, a few other institutions in terms of trying to work out a solution. We have been engaged working with the Federal Reserve and the SEC in... creating different structures. We are very sensitive to our clients in terms of we are sitting with these auction rate preferred. We will know if we have a solution for the entire auction rate market in the next, probably week or two, but we've been working very closely with lot of the... with the selling agents and the distribution agents. We believe this is a very difficult process. We have two classes of shareholders and we have to be very sensitive with our... in helping the preferred shareholders if we do something that harms the equity shareholders, we are in trouble. The SEC doesn't like that and so what we are trying to work on as you suggested, different financing techniques in which we could help the preferred holders without impairing the equity holders, and as you suggested the yield spread between the auction rate preferred, and we are 2a-7 money market funds for munis are trading. There's a huge yield spread, and so if we could work on put strategies to make the products 2a-7 eligible and working with the regulators. We could find a solution in which both parties could win.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Got it. And because --
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So the answer is... we'll know in a week or so whether there's going to be enough liquidity to do that and enough opportunity.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Got it, and the fact that you are registered I guess regulated as under the Bank Holding Company Act, the PNC ownership, does that at all impact the solutions you are looking at here or is that not really?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, by no means, not at all. I don't think we have any from the BlackRock's, we don't have anything that would inhibitor or impair our opportunities. The real opportunity inhibitor would be well banks even put a LC behind this. At this time they don't even have the capital to put on more LC or capital to offset this. So we're not the inhibitor, well the banking system might be.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: All right, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Great, thanks. Hi, everybody.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mark.
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Actually Paul's might be a question sort of with the $1.4 billion in balance sheet investments that you have. Can you just break out by type of investment what's in there? And also if you can just talk about the end of the quarter your CDO max loss exposure? Thanks.
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: Remaining CDO investment exposure is approximately $8 million, but $5 million of that is a cash flow CDO, which I would not anticipate any and further impairment adjustments on. So for our intensive purposes we are pretty much down to nothing on our remaining CDO co-investments. With respect to the $1.4 billion, I think it would be better to go through that offline with you because that really is our economic value, essentially our total investment portfolio as you know runs over $2 billion, but we take out the non-controlling interest pieces and it gets into a pretty detailed discussions, which I think is better for offline, but and I and certainly and go over that with you later on.
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Okay, great. But just following onto that if you look at private equity it looks like some of those investments are actually written up while real estate and hedge funds were written down during the quarter. Can you sort of just characterize performance between those two was there any one particular partnership in private equity that drove the write-up and I don't know if PMI [ph] is in there?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: The most I can give you at this point is that you had some negative performance in private equity domestic U.S versus some positive performance internationally. I think that for all intense and purposes as you well know most private equity is a mark-to-model process. So ultimately it's not necessarily moving with the market movements in pricing. It's moving with whether or not the cash flows for the underlying portfolio investors are moving, that would be the... that was the one area where we didn't have quite as much movement in it. The other assets were obviously, you have a lot more mark-to-market exposure because of level 1 and level 2 assets and that's why I say we should really talk about that more off-line.
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Perfect. And then Larry in terms of timing, I mean I know it's hard to predict that exactly when this re-risking or the reversal of the safety trade will happen, but what do you think it's going to take? Or what milestones or mileposts are you looking for to sort of say, hey there is more re-risking happening and just, what do you sort of expect on a go forward basis?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mark, we aren't actually seeing it now, albeit small, we are seeing more and more institutions are raising the questions, I think almost a good part of the RFPs that we are looking at now are more risk-oriented in the fixed income area. We are working on a couple of substantial assignments right now in terms of taking down large blocks of some of the distressed products, working with our clients right now in terms of evaluation of this. So we are beginning to see it, I think the one mile... there's two milestones that I would look for, one is, as the financial institutions and their first quarter as a... with a new marks, we believe we're at, as I said before at the capitulation stage where we believe now where the marks are occurring are closer to clearing prices now. And so we're actually seeing more movement, I think, I saw it today that Deutsche just sold a big block of their bank loans on the tape today at a dollar price of 90. This is... we're starting to see the clearing institutions were marking or starting to mark in our mind closer to mark or at market and we are starting with the clearing prices occur. And so as more and more institution starting to, I guess to capitulate and now reduce their balance sheets, I believe there's quite a bit of equity out there to invest in these products. And so we believe we are at the beginning of a capitulation stage. We believe we are at the beginning of a stage in which investors are willing to have a strong appetite to put money in these areas. And then I think the third thing that I am looking forward to really create a more stable economic environment in United States. I believe we as a country need to find a solution to lower income housing, the Republicans and Democrats continue to battle on what is the appropriate policy, but we need to create a new FHA housing program in which we stabilize low income housing. I think what the administration did in lower.... and the reason the loan limits for Fannie and Freddie will stabilize the jumble mortgages up to 775,000. And so we're beginning the healing process in lot of areas. I think monetary policy is a healing process, certainly what the Federal Reserve did, terms in opening the discount when there was a healing process. Now we need to see something in terms of really helping the lower income housing market and creating that stability there. If we could do that and stabilize housings in America, we will then stabilize consumer confidence, and then I think we will see obviously a big up swing in credit probably a bigger up swing in the equity markets, and we'd see a great out flow in liquidity. But we're... we're beginning that process there Mark.
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Great, great. And then just one question on your distress your bank loan and your mortgage distress securities funds. Can you tell me how much... how much dry powder you have left if any in those funds and how much did you invest during the quarter?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: For the private placements and I don't want to get in to too much detail, I see my General Council's shaking my head; I can't talk about it that much. We still have a lot more powder and we're in the process of raising some more funds in those areas right now.
Mark Irizarry - Goldman Sachs & Company: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hecht with Banc of America.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Michael.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Hey, good morning, guys, how are you doing?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Very well.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: I'm wondering if you can you give any more detail on the economics or fee rates I guess on the $62.5 billion of advisory assets? And then talk a little bit more about where you would see those show up optically in the P&L other core fees or more other income?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: The core fees it will be I don't think we have decided how we are going to show that up in the solution box or the I assume we're going to show in our solution box because it is the advisory side of it so that's where it's going to show up. So our fees are very competitive and that's all I really can say. As know and one of our assignments there maybe much more visible if there are congressional hearings on it, but our fees are very competitive in our mind, and I believe they are competitive in terms of the work we are doing and it's obviously a lot of work.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: I got, I understand, its common sensitive subject. As far as like the assets go to will those show up as actual flows in the different buckets, you know, fixed income versus...
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: No.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Ever or no?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: No, keep them separate. We are going to keep them separate just to give that more transparency because if indeed the marketplace does improve a lot, we are going to show you a clarity where those positions are.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay, that's helpful. And then, can you talk a little bit about I guess aggregate investment performance metrics. I think, last quarter you guys had said something like 58% of fixed income turns were outperforming. The comparable look for [ph] averages is over one, three and five years or more and then 84% for equity funds. Do you have those kind of broad --
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: I don't have in front of me, I think equity was 70% something like that, excuse me how much we'll assume?
Unidentified Company Representative: Over 80%.
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: Over 80%, equities again in fixed income... in the first quarter they are actually mediocre, they are probably right 50ish percent, that's lower than we want, a lot of it is because we are started to put on more risk in some of these credit areas, and the market... the only thing that did really well in the first quarter was treasuries and specially in the short and the treasury, so we are going... we did not have any real massive exposure there. I could say with some of our largest, largest competitors we did very well. I would also identify PIMCO did a spectacular job in the first quarter. But, most of our large competitors had inferior returns to us in the first quarter.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay, that's helpful. I am hoping to get a little bit more color on I guess the types of cash management products that are getting the flows. I guess, in other words the mix of prime funds versus government funds. I think from the release I was able to learn further about $7 billion of the $35 billion in money transposable, retail but I was hoping to get a little bit more color by fund type?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: Most of it is prime institutional, and I would say of that breakage, probably about one-thirds or two-thirds, one-third between government related and what I would call your prime institutional base of your taxable. So I think somewhere around there.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay. And then the $7 billion retails, is that about right?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: Yes.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay. And then any areas I think you are alluded to one or two in these in your prepared remarks where you're experiencing capacity problems, such as BlackRock Solutions or other wise?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, actually we are not in Solutions. We are just very mindful of where we are in Solutions. And we... as I said, we have done a lot of hiring. We continue to do a lot more hiring. I don't want to give any indication that we are at our max in this area. I can tell you we are working very hard in this area and we have a lot of people working endless hours and a real tribute to the entire team, but there are really no areas right now where we've really maxed out or capacity constrained.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay, that's great. And then just last question. Can you talk a little bit about the balance sheet I guess where cash and cash equivalents ended the quarter versus the $1.65 billion at year end? And then I guess also the outlook for capital management in share repurchase and as part of that? Can you also talk about the capacity and appetite for additional acquisitions and maybe just outlook for consolidations the industry broadens [ph]?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me do that first and then I let Paul go into the mix on the balance sheet.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I expect to see a dramatic consolidation in the investment management business. I believe you are going to see institutions, who were struggling with low PEs or struggling with asset quality problems, who are going to look to embellish their capital through other sales of their asset management business or contributions into their asset management business. So we... I believe the M&A market for asset management is going to be very strong. I think in terms of the alternative space people are certainly the witness and obviously some set backs, and I think people are... and I would say very clearly we are seeing from our global clients more and more brand names becoming more and more important and having a financial strength has been become more and more important. So what we believe, we will have at BlackRock many M&A opportunities, I will also caution you, we have always had very many M&A opportunities and we have been very judicious in terms of making sure that they work culturally with our firm working with our distribution platform, working with our strategic views and where growth will be in the future. So I don't want to suggest that we will be doing a transaction anytime soon, I can't suggest that we have seen... we have had many enquiries from many institutions about opportunities and working alongside or doing something with BlackRock.
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: As to the other side of equation, as you know we don't publish a balance sheet, but what I can tell you at this point in time is traditionally in the first quarter our cash and cash equivalents usually show some element of decline because we paid bonuses in the first quarter, which are unusually much more substantial in our cash flow, but I don't think it should be material amount.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin with Wachovia.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Yeah, thanks. Just two follow-ups, most of my stuff has been answered. I know it's early first quarter Paul, but can you give us any sense of how the performance fee outlook is going to trend throughout the quarter, obviously the back half is stronger. Any early read there, how should we be thinking about it relative to last year or is it just too early for that?
Paul L. Audet - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Cash Management: You answered your own question it really is early, the best that I can say is obviously you know, second quarter we will see a fall down which we normally do, it's our lowest product lock that we have. We did see and I think that one can assume that we're going to be a probably a little bit less than we would have... you would have otherwise expected because I don't we're seeing a little bit of a southward movement and our expectations on fund-to-funds, related performance fees and that's as you probably well know most of the fund-to-fund businesses we're having some declines in the first quarter and that is to be expected. As to the second half, it is so a much a characteristic of where the markets move over the balance part of the year. I couldn't give you a total if you were to ask me I probably say it will be hard for us to overcome last year based on where we see markets today, but at this in point in time I can't do any better than that.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Fair point.And then a question for Larry, how important is confidence in the U.S currency going to be for potential re-risking because I see today the euro setting a new high on the back I guess there are inflation news, I am just wondering do you view that is one and same as belief in the U.S will took a more risk taking or that doesn't necessarily have to go hand-in-hand via the stronger currency?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is no question we are seeing from a global client a greater interest in investing in non-dollar assets, so we're seeing that everywhere. And we also understand in many countries outside the United States are experiencing extraordinary inflation and the inflation rates in China are 8% the inflation rates in the Middle East are above 8% and so that is why because basically we're more peg to the dollar and so we are obviously a lot more... we have to be a lot more confident in the type of investment they do in dollar based assets. I can tell in many areas in the world now there is a great appetite, or great interest, like let me restate that in terms of investing in the distressed area in the United States. We did see in the take-flow yesterday that feign is about $72 billion of dollar based assets last month, so it's clearly still a lot of investing going on. But, you are absolutely right the deterioration of the dollar is creating a lot of consternation, investing in dollar based assets have really underperformed terribly for our global investors, and yet we are still seeing huge interests in some of these special situations.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Okay, great. And then any broader concerned around funds-of-funds or any fear in regards to potential increased hedge fund regulation, just in light of what is transpired with the broker dealer industry or do you feel like the strong will survive and the weak would fall off anyway?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well and I am a big believer that we have that secretarial pulse and there's a proposal there is something that everyone should look at we believe there is need for global... a global regulator in the capital markets. We believe the capital markets are growing a lot faster then regulation. We believe there should be a review of how one regulates everybody who is a big participant in the global capital markets and that includes private equity firms and that includes hedge funds. So there should be a systematic review on a global basis on that. I think your point about, the good are going to get better and the weak are going to get weaker, I think that's going to be the case. We are irrespective of the setbacks in many hedge fund strategies, there are still some hedge fund strategies that did quite well and we still see a very good pipeline, and clients were looking for fund-to-fund strategies. There is a view, and I think it's proven to be the right case that you have less event risk in a fund-to-fund strategy than you do in investing in one or two hedge funds. Obviously, if you pick the right one or two hedge funds you have no event risk, but systematically if you have a more diversified or systematic approach to investing in hedge funds like a fund-to-funds products should, then one would expect to see increase flows and indeed we are seeing in our pipeline and in terms of our RFPs quite a bit of interest in our fund-to-fund strategies.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Great. Thanks for answering all my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Rob.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: There's a couple of quick questions most of them have been asked, but I just know that it's in the reconciliation for to operating income yet you had some closed-end fund origination fees, we're surprise to see that, I mean was that for some products outside the U.S or?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we closed... we actually closed one fund in the first quarter, and so therefore there are... it was not a large fund indicative of the origination cost it's only about $3 million, 5 or so, but we did close a new fund.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. There is a follow-up question on the... you've talked a little bit about competitive environment... Larry you've talked a little bit about in a relative performance in the recently, but are you seeing any kind of shift in the landscape, I assume there were some competitors having some weak numbers the past year, so there is an addition to your sales there is... in PIMCO there is plenty of others out there climbing [ph] to kind of break into the oligopoly I mean, are you seeing the shifting in the landscape in anyway?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: First of all, I don't think there is an oligopoly anymore. I think it's more of a myth. What we are seeing now in the fixed income area is very a keen [ph] to how the equity business became and we are seeing more specialized mandates in fixed income than ever before. I think the old times when you had the core strategies that were the prominent mandates that's when the oligopoly truly was representative of the business. Today you were seeing more and more clients were looking more for a more of a diversified portfolio approach in fixed income with much more credit strategies, tip strategies, global fixed income strategies and so there are... there are certainly rooms for a lot of specialty managers in those certain... in those product areas. But, I would say, our large competitors and peers are benefiting also because they can't go to these clients and discuss with them not just a core strategy, but all these specialized strategies too. So we are seeing more and more diversity and demands from clients in terms of fixed income strategies, and I believe the giant client managers are all benefiting from that. We are seeing certainly a much greater interest in long duration strategies, so there is certainly ample room for more investment managers in the fixed income area, but I would still say the top five or six whoever they maybe are winning a good shot... a good percentage of those mandates. The areas where we continue to see a real dominance at BlackRock versus other firms is in our insurance business. Our number one competitors are not a PIMCO or WAMCO, but it's Deutsche Bank. So there are different depending on the strategies or the business product there are different competitors.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: All right, great. That was it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Buckingham Research.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bill.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Hi, good morning. Thank you very much sort of couple of type of questions and some bigger pictures ones. Larry you said that you have sort of angling for two of sizeable fixed income RFPs, are those in the 23 billion long-term RFPs?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, they're not. These are RFPs. I mean these are not pipelines.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay, that's helpful. From a rotation prospect, I guess when I was walking a little bit is, I mean you had a pretty big fixed income pipeline coming into the quarter and then you had outflows coming out of the quarter and...
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Itseems to be a more decisive shift back to risk. Are we going into the situation where your legacy business could attrite that would offset the incremental shift to more of a credit centric back to up so at the end of the day you really not able to grow that business significantly?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that certainly a legitimate question and we certainly saw that in the first quarter. I actually believe it will ultimately be the opposite. I believe once there is greater comfort we are going to see huge flows amount of cash.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Right, cash management.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Into the longer-dated strategies.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But in that first quarter we had that rotation. We had continued client outflows longer-dated fixed income strategies to cash strategies. We did had some rotations on a fixed income into equities as equity fell in bonds basically were stable so we did see that too. So the first quarter would... was certainly what you described Bill. I don't believe that will remain... that will be the case...
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: It's more a function.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In the third or fourth quarter. It might be the same in the second quarter, you know, look at I believe it's a very hard for clients with their liabilities to make any real return with 350 tenure, and so there... if we persist with these lower treasury rates for a long time, you could be right, if that's... but because a credit spend so wide, I think that will not be the case, we're just going to see a much greater migration into these credit-oriented strategies or other types of strategies. They maybe recategorized as alternatives too Bill. There because a lot of these strategies that we are working on are fixed income oriented, but they are alternative products.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: As you can talk about that before, so that... from a pricing perspective and that's my third question, the $62.5 billion which will I presume one from a recently taken over broker dealer. Are these things priced closer to what you gave up in the state of Florida or more typical of the institutional fixed income legacy pricing?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I really can't talk about it. What I will say the Florida situation was entirely different. To give you some color without describing what it is.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then couple of bigger picture questions, if you look at the valuation of some of these alternative managers out there, they are trading at a fraction where they went public and a sharp discount to the typical asset manager including your own multiple. Are you worried in anyway about the implications for the valuation of BlackRock to the extent the alternative business gets significantly bigger?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, not really because what we are... our alternative business is going to be... is not in private equity, and where most of the ones went public. It's going to be special situations in distressed debt where we are working on a strategy with our clients. I... our core business is continuing to grow. The solution business is as long-dated business, if any business you could ever have. So I think it is a legitimate question but I don't... but I think if anything our first quarter is a great example of how we differentiated ourselves versus some of these other alternative only platforms.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: There is two final questions; one is given all the capacity being taken out of some of the sort of the affect of competition of the broker dealers and on the banks and structure products and other fixed income businesses. Do you anticipate any compensation relief if you will as you look at in the second half of this year and '09, I think there was a pressure point in last few years, given so the height of the bubble on structure product at all?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are talking about compensation?
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Yes.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I have two employees here are listening to me. The answer is clearly yes, compensation will be moderating quite a bit in terms of the growth rates. I think that's not just a New York phenomenon. I think that's a financial industry phenomenon. So there is no question, we have... we are part of the financial system and when the markets places pay up for a lot for your talent, we have to be part of that one it's moderated like I think it will be moderated this year and the next year, and I think you could see some moderation in our compensation expense. But, one thing I can't say Bill, in terms of opportunities for us as it's been rumored in the marketplace in terms of down sizing at some of these institutions in terms of headcount. We have a great ability in terms of hiring people as we continue to build on our businesses. So I am pretty excited about some of the people we are interviewing right now. It's a real positive indication of the type on people we could be attracting to BlackRock.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: And then the final question, last quarter you've had mentioned that you were studying the ETF business in Summer Garden. I am so curious maybe it is more from an institutional angle and retail angle. Where do you stand on that in terms of what you think the implications of the industry?
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are still in the ETF business, it is a... obviously our market is installed quite a bit, which I am quite surprise that the end-market will continue to grow. It's a market that we're studying... we're studying in actually with one large player who is in the ETF business right now and see if we can do things together and we are studying it with our large distributor who are working together and trying to create a different ETF tactual ideas. It's a great product. It's a product that obviously we don't have on our shelf, and on the other hand like I've said we are surprised that how much it installed in terms of the growth in the first quarter, which gives us an opportunity to study it and really assess, it doesn't make sense for us to be a part of that platform or that product.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: All right, thanks for entertaining all my questions.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Laurence D. Fink - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I'd just like to thank everybody. It's obviously been a quarter that we can all remember. And for good and for bad, I think we are as I said earlier, really well positioned for the remaining nine months in this year. I am pretty excited about where BlackRock has grown and the opportunities we see in a global basis, and hopefully we can transform all those opportunities into robust earnings for the... for remaining nine months. Everyone have a good quarter, and I will be talking to you soon. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Paul L. Audet; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert P. Connolly: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Before Larry and Paul make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports, which lists some other factors, which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn it over to Paul Audet, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul L. Audet: Good morning. As you can undoubtedly see in our release, BlackRock truly had a very successful year in 2007 as our financial results, new business generation, investment returns, client service, all exceeded our objectives going into 2007. Adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter at $2.52 exceeded analyst consensus by 18%, and this was due to strong contributions from our recurring operations, obviously elevated performance fees, and higher portfolio advisory revenue from BlackRock Solutions, as we in effect took on a lot of risk management assignments due to these market conditions. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS increased $0.23 or 10% from third quarter 2007 results, also largely from core operations, as performance fees were essentially flat third to fourth quarter, but net non operating income declined approximately $27 million. Adjusted EPS for the 2007 fourth quarter and full-year at $2.52 and $8.17 represented increases of 56% and 53% respectively over 2006. Obviously, this was also the first full quarter that we reported comparative results with the MLIM transaction as well as also the first full quarter of operations with Quellos. Accretion with respect to MLIM transaction based on our results on a full-year basis essentially doubled our initial estimates when we initially announced this transaction, while the Quellos transaction contributed approximately $0.10 to earnings in the fourth quarter. These are strong earnings, reflect solid investment returns and favorable equity markets. Obviously, the performance fee totals for the year at $350 million of which $300 million was reported in the second half, this week, very solid investment results, but also very [inaudible] equity markets for us. New business momentum was sustained despite a significant global integration effort, which covered not only MLIM, but also Quellos in the fourth quarter as well as volatile market conditions. We experienced a 12% organic growth rate in AUM including 7% organic growth in all our longer-dated assets. We operate a leading cash management business, which increased market share during 2007 as assets under management increased 32% or over $75 billion for the year. Most of this growth in cash management occurred in our 2a-7 mutual fund complex, which operated very effectively in these markets with no asset quality issues and very solid investment returns. As many of you are aware, we have a very large institutional business. We did experience very similar and normal late quarter outflows on equity assets of approximately $8 billion. This usually happens because a number of our large institutional clients regularly reposition their period-end balance sheets. But at the same time, liquidity assets are up almost $19 billion since we closed the books in December of 2007. I would also like to note one additional factor based on some information we've read recently. Our assignment with Florida to support their process is a temporary assignment, and we do not report assets under management under temporary assignments. So everyone should understand, while we're managing that process right now we are participating in a very significant RFP to... that is out in the marketplace, but we do not report any assets. The company during this period obviously continued to benefit from a diversified business mix and global footprint, which saw all of our product classes substantially increase new business over the full year. And the international operations generated $38 billion in new business and comprised and contributed approximately 50% of our pretax earnings for 2007. We also generated positive operating leverage for the fourth quarter and full year, which was up approximately 1% for both periods. And as we noted in our release, that full-year total of up 1% included approximately $92 million increase in intangible amortization. So on a real cash operating leverage basis, we are up approximately 3% year-over-year. The marketplace was very difficult in the second half. We did feel some implications as you probably saw on the release. We incurred approximately $0.12 and $0.14 charges for the fourth quarter and full year respectively due to costs that we took to support two non-2a-7 private placement enhanced cash funds. We’ve worked very, very long to work with our clients on this. We believe that we can support those clients and in effect move those... all of those assets to approximately 1.7 and in effect get all the clients’ cash back during the 2008 time frame. The company also reported approximately $0.06 of impairment charges in the fourth quarter on seed investments in BlackRock's sponsor-related CDOs. I would note that a significant portion of our fourth quarter performance fees were generated by products with higher deferred compensation formulas. This resulted in lower current period or fourth quarter compensation expense as a percent of revenue, and we'll increase compensation expense in future periods. Most of these deferred compensations cover three-year vesting periods. While we do that provide earnings guidance, we do have some objectives going into 2008. The firm believes that the long-dated AUM growth will be consistent with our 7% results achieved in 2007. Cash management flows will continue to be volatile, with opportunities for growth as the federal funds rate looks to be declined... decreased over the first half of the year, but we could see some reduction of that growth as markets stabilize, and we see some reallocation of 2007 [inaudible] quality growth into other products. Assuming a similar revenue mix for 2008, we would expect compensation of revenue ratios will rise approximately 0.5%. This really ties directly to some of the large deferred compensation awards occurring at the end of the year. We continue to see positive operating leverage in our business going forward into 2008, but we also see significant opportunities in these markets. As you know, we will invest in our business in order to take advantage of those kinds of opportunities to serve clients better and provide opportunities for future growth. On the whole, I just think you all saw a significant year. Obviously, we're very, very proud of what we did here, and I think the financial results show that. And with that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. It is very nice for me to be sitting here at BlackRock. It is a... we had an extraordinary year. We had an extraordinary quarter. I'm very proud of the entire team as we navigated on behalf of our clients these markets, and we worked very diligently in trying to work with our clients in terms of helping them understand the severity of this credit problem in the marketplace and what the impact is in terms of their investment portfolios and in terms of what are the opportunities as a result of these allocations in the credit markets and all the other associated markets. But I can say very loud and clear at the end of 2007 and looking into 2008, our model is working. Having one platform representing products and equities in fixed income in alternatives, working with our clients to try to solve problems comprehensively is a model that I believe is the model for the future. I believe clients worldwide are attracted to working alongside with BlackRock because we can provide them that comprehensiveness. And I think it's very, very important going forward as clients are struggling with portfolio allocation. They are struggling with liability issues. They are struggling with a understanding of the embedded assets that they have. They are struggling with what these credit issues mean to their portfolios. And they are struggling with the understanding of alternatives. And they're asking many questions as to what percent of alternatives should they have and what should the mix of alternatives be? Let me describe some of the things that we are particularly proud of in terms of what BlackRock represents to our clients, and that is the fulsome of our product mix. Sometimes, I find it somewhat disturbing when people still refer BlackRock as a fixed income manager. When they do that, they just forget to understand who we are, they don’t bother to look. But 34% of our assets today are in equities and balance. 38% of our assets are fixed income. 23% is in cash management and 5% alternatives. It is our hope as I’ve suggested in other quarters that we’d like to get our alternative product mix between 7% and 10%. We hope to do that mostly through organic growth. And I think our fourth quarter in terms of our... the opportunities we saw on the alternatives space is showing the marketplace that we do have huge organic opportunities in the alternatives space. The other real differentiating facet of BlackRock today going into 2008, 64% of our assets are domestic, 36% are international. 31% of our client base is retail, 69% of our client base is institutional. I would call this a very good mix of types of businesses, and I believe this allows us to have the ability to navigate in the global markets, to navigate in products when one product is strong and another product is weak. We have the ability to navigate in good markets and bad markets and flat markets, because of the product mix, the geographic mix, and the client mix. I would like to also note that we continue to see huge opportunities in all our markets on a global basis. We have been in the papers quite a bit related to some advisory assignments, particularly Florida. I'm very proud to say that we are differentiating ourselves in 2007 and I think we will continue to differentiate ourselves in 2008, because the whole foundation of BlackRock in all products is our emphasis of risk management. Having our BlackRock Solutions platform, which had the most outstanding year in their history in terms of integrating BlackRock onto one platform, and on top of that seeing a record number of clients’ enquiry in terms of Aladdin assignments, and in terms of advisory assignments is going to continue to drive BlackRock into 2008. And that emphasis of risk, that differentiation, does allow us to stand above most of our peers. We continue to expect BlackRock Solutions to have large-scale opportunities in 2008. I will say, the biggest issue that's confronting us more than ever before is making sure that we have the team in place to expand our presence. The greatest limiting factor for us in solutions is that… is having the proper team on a global basis, the management structure. And so we are growing our people there, we're going our staff, we're growing our presence, but we are not going to grow so fast that we're going to disrupt, what I would call, the One BlackRock culture, the one firm model. And so, we are trying to navigate the growth opportunities in these spaces with the idea of making sure that our One BlackRock model, our one culture, permeates throughout all our businesses making sure it is consistent in our businesses. So it is an interesting time. The enquiries even in the first few weeks of this year are quite extraordinary in terms of clients looking for long-term solutions in terms of their balance sheets. We have had a number of the new words already in terms of working alongside clients in our Advisory Services, and we believe we're going to see many more opportunities. And I hope in many of these opportunities, not only will it be an opportunity in terms of advice or possibly Aladdin assignment, in many of these opportunities it will be… it will allow us to enter into an asset management assignment too. So the intersecting of solutions, advisory, and asset management is more integrated and stronger today than it has ever been. Paul mentioned our cash management. Obviously, liquidity and liquidity businesses are on everyone's minds. It is a big issue. We spend a lot of management time making sure that we are providing the most... the best products for our clients. It was noted in our fourth quarter that we do have those two small asset management cash strategy funds that we are working to provide liquidity to our clients, and we did take some charges in the fourth quarter. We feel very good about the future of that. I’m working in resolving that alongside with a client. But it is fair for me to say, the majority of our $230 billion of liquidity business is as strong, if not stronger than ever as evidence of $19 billion of new cash flow into this year has really given another indication to everyone that our business is strong in cash management and getting stronger. Our market share in 2007 and going into 2008 picked up remarkably in our cash management business. The one thing of doubt, we had our best quarter ever in equity flows. To me, this is the greatest indication of what the new model of BlackRock is. We had $11 billion of equity flows in the fourth quarter. And I would tell you, the majority of these flows were in our retail mutual funds, domestically and globally. And we… and it is another indication of our brand recognition. So this is a combination of obviously performance, but one of the things that we struggled, one of the big issues we had when we announced the merger was the Merrill Lynch name was a larger brand name in the retail space. We have made huge progress in that. In April of this year, we are going to drop the hyphenated name globally in our mutual fund platform, and it will just be the BlackRock Fund Family. And we are very excited about that, and we feel we are prepared for that today and that will be a big event for all of us. But these flows in equity, these flows in our mutual fund platform is indicative that the BlackRock brand name is growing and growing very strongly. I would like to note some of the… the issue related to fixed income. We did have outflows in fixed income. Some of the outflows was a rebalancing out of fixed income into other products. And then we lost about four odd billion dollars with three or four clients. Some of it was a restructuring with an insurance company assignment. They put the assets back onto their general account away from a separate account. The other assignments were M&A related, where the clients had to redeploy the money that we are managing for them for these M&A opportunities that they had. And so there is nothing systemic there. Actually, our performance in the fourth quarter was strong. I'm told… I don't have… just finalized that, we are going to have… our one and three-year numbers are going to be probably in the first quartile in fixed income. And that has been basically flat to up a little last year. And so it really indicates the diversity or the variance in terms of returns that so many people had in fixed income in 2007. But we expect to continue to see some very large changes in asset allocation in 2008. Other than fear, other than worries, it is our opinion that a 3.73% 10-year Treasury is a very difficult return to make any long-term investment decisions. But it's safe, and you could be well protected in doing that. And so I am not here to suggest that the rates are not going to go any lower in the intermediate area of the curve, but I will tell you at a 3.73%, that's representing less and less value. But with the U.S. equity markets and global equity markets falling as much as they have, it is a safe place to put money. We will be a participant in that in the short run by winning assignments there. We have shown with our $19 billion growth in cash management in the first few weeks of this year. People are still flooding a lot of cash into liquidity. As Paul suggested, we should not monetize this type of growth rate in liquidity. On the other hand, we do believe as we continue to roll out more and more products we will be a participant in some of that redeployment of monies out of the short-term assets into some longer-dated assignments. The one other thing of particular to note in the fourth quarter of 2007, and I think we will... well, I know we are continuing that in 2008, is the opportunistic investing that we have done with our investors. We raised about $4.5 billion in two distressed products in the alternatives space. We are about to launch another product that is in the mortgage-related area to take advantage of the dislocation in the mortgage world. And we see huge opportunities for BlackRock on behalf of our clients in investing the monies. I would like to also state one differentiating feature that is giving us a lot of opportunity with our clients. BlackRock will not invest any of our capital for proprietary trading. We will not invest any of our capital to invest in things that we think are cheap. We use all our capital to invest alongside as a fiduciary with our clients. And so as we roll out these products, we expect that our clients are going to look for us to invest 1% to 5% predominantly, but at least 5% of the investment pool, and we will continue to do that. But we are very proud, and we believe we very much differentiate ourselves from the majority of organizations, that we do not do proprietary trading even though we see these opportunities, even though we believe they possess some great income opportunities. We believe the greater income opportunities are working alongside our clients, suggesting these opportunities, investing alongside with them, and working alongside with them. And so… there is not one instance where BlackRock has a fiduciary conflict. This is a very, very important differentiation as we roll out more and more products and as we work more and more with our clients. I would like to just note that one of the other big issues when we rolled out the Merrill Lynch transaction that some of the issues were, could we continue to build our relationships with the Merrill Lynch retail system. With one year totally behind us, our market share increased with the Merrill Lynch system. We are working alongside with the management team of Merrill Lynch in terms of finding new opportunities, investing for their clients, and taking advantage of the opportunities that BlackRock can provide for them. The other very, very important issue is our third-party retail distribution, and it's fair to say for us, we made huge progress in terms of the flows. A lot of our fourth quarter flows were third-party distribution. And so we're starting to see momentum picking up because of the third-party products and third-party relationships that we've. And the last thing I just would like to bring up is obviously we've had a pretty large setback in the equity markets year-to-date. We believe we will continue to have very volatile markets in the next quarter or so. We do have a long-term constructive view on the equity markets, but in the intermediate term we're very concerned. And I will just caution everybody, when you have these volatile markets you should expect people to defer, delay decisions. This happens every time, and I'd like to just remind everybody of that. Actually, at the beginning of this quarter… we've actually seen quite a few decisions that I talked about, the issues we had around our Advisory Services. So we're winning a lot of assignments on the Advisory side. We're seeing huge opportunities in terms of RFPs. But I just want to warn everybody, and I don't have any information that is telling me it's going to happen again, but historically we've seen delays in decision-making during very volatile markets. So 2008, we're very well positioned. We think we're going to have some great opportunities in terms of building out our relationships with our clients. I'm very excited about the buildout of the BlackRock brand on a global basis. We're still very interested in building out our product base on a global basis. Joining us this week is a whole new European equity team that we brought onboard at the end of last year and they started this week. We're looking at other opportunities to bringing on more product people to enhance our position in products worldwide. And we do believe… and I'm not suggesting anything will happen, but we do believe there will be large M&A opportunities for BlackRock, at least for us to see, and history will tell you most of the time we walk away from the majority of them. And if we happen to see something that works alongside of our Quellos transaction, works alongside our State Street Research transaction or MLIM, we would go ahead and do it. We're not interested in doing transactions for accretion, we're only interested in doing transactions that will build out our presence on a global basis. So I promise you, we're not doing... we would not do anything just for the sake of doing something because it's accretive. We would only do it if it is the lasting [ph] accretive, and the only way it is lasting accretive if it is an enhancement of product or enhancement in distribution. The last thing, I'd like to welcome everybody from our Quellos transaction onboard. It has been a spectacular first quarter with our team. We've seen huge synergies together with our BlackRock alternative advisory platform. Bryan White is our leader from Quellos now leading that effort, has done a great job of integrating our teams. We're seeing huge opportunities in our fund of funds platforms in private equity and in hedge funds. And we're extremely happy with how we're doing in that integration. And obviously we've been… we're very happy and very excited of the continuation of our buildout of our overall global platform. Last, I’d just like to thank all of the BlackRock employees for an incredible year. I'd like to thank everyone for all the hard work. This was not an easy year. I don't want to suggest that this is easy sailing for us. It was a very, very difficult year in terms of family life, work balance. We did... a lot of people worked extra hard to do what we've done this year. A lot of people worked beyond the measure to making ensure that we achieve these results that we did, and it was the overall culture, the overall synergies of the overall firm, it was a team effort by everyone that allowed us to have these results. I would like to thank all our clients in terms of working alongside with us. They entrusted us with lots of money, they entrusted us with a lot of issues related to decisions on behalf of them. And I believe we earned their respect in 2007, and I do believe we have that respect going into 2008 with our client base. Thank you, everybody. I'll open it up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from William Katz of Buckingham Research.
William Katz: Okay. Thank you, and good morning. Very comprehensive updates, so thank you for that. I just want to sort of talk about the fixed income business for a moment. If you look back over the last several quarters and maybe the genesis of the transaction, it does seem like the growth rate has showed... slowed sharply, and not just because of large numbers. Larry, sort of curious, are we at the end of this cycle? I mean, I appreciate we’re staying in the long-end of the bond, but could there be a more decisive rotation to equities and are you fully prepared to capture if that were to happen?
Laurence D. Fink: I think that's what I was trying to say. The 3.70% whatever for the 10-year I think we are going to see, and this is why in the long run we are very constructive on equities. I think you're going to see a very large rotation into equities, be it from cash or intermediate bonds. With the bond market rallying so much and the equity market falling, you're going to see some really significant rebalancing from qualified pension plans. And so, we still see a lot of growth build in the global area. In the domestic side, I think we're going to see a big rotation over the course of the next few years. And to answer your question, in terms of are we going to be able to take advantage of it, I would say not fully yet, but I would say we're very well prepared and we're going to get prepared for that rotation. Our performance in equities as we noted in our release was very strong. Our global equity platform that we were nurturing... our global equity product had an extraordinary year last year, and if we continue to do that we will be very prepared to take on some very large flows in terms of global equities. I discussed about our new team in European equities that we're enhancing. Our U.S. equity teams also had some very good years. Our Global Opportunity Fund had one of the most remarkable years ever on a $40 billion platform. And so, to answer your question, Bill, I won't say we're fully prepared yet because I would never say that, but I think we're certainly a lot more prepared than we've ever been before. But I don't think it will be that dire. I still believe a lot of people will need to be in fixed income. And so I don't think it’s going to be this gigantic rotation, but there will be... the trends will be a rotation from fixed to equities.
William Katz: Okay. Thank you. And the second question I have is, you mentioned that about half of your pretax income came from outside the United States. Can you give me what the revenue mix was, please?
Paul L. Audet: Bill, I gave you that at this point of time, but the revenue mix at this point in time I'm not in a position to say, but we may in effect disclose something along that in the year in the 10-K.
William Katz: Okay, and just a couple of more housekeeping items. I think you are out marketing [inaudible] array of Closed-End Funds. Any sort of assessment of how successful that is and what the appetite is for that kind of product right now?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, it's in the marketing period now and I don't think I'm allowed to talk about it. Bob Connolly is telling me, I can't talk about it for SEC reasons. So it is in the market, it's going to be small, but we expect it to be small. I would tell you right now, I believe this Closed-End market is digesting huge flows in 2007 and one should expect the digestion will take some quarters. So I don't think we are going to see the huge inflows of money in Closed-End Funds as we did last year.
William Katz: Okay. And then just in terms of the comps) revenue guidance, just... I was listening, where you reflecting the increase from the fourth quarter or from '07 into '08?
Paul L. Audet: It was really more a '07 fees. Fourth quarter performance fees were obviously much higher deferred comp [inaudible], but some of our other programs also had different comp allocations. So it's really an... it was more significantly felt in the fourth quarter and it's rolling into '07 by that amount that we... that I discussed.
William Katz: Okay, and then just finally, [inaudible], but it looked like you had a little relief on the tax rate sequentially.
Laurence D. Fink: Yes.
William Katz: Is that a reasonable run rate on a go-forward basis?
Paul L. Audet: I think that around 35.5% is not an unreasonable number forward.
William Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Spahr of Deutsche Bank.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Chris. Happy New Year.
Christopher Spahr: Happy New Year. Good morning. I just wonder if you can maybe just give a little bit color on how we should think about the performance fees going forward, both on a year-over-year basis and on [inaudible]?
Laurence D. Fink: I never ask anyone to do any monetization of performance fees. We had an extraordinary year in performance fees. Our fixed income hedge funds navigated very carefully in this credit crisis. We had one fund that was up extraordinarily well. And if you look at some of our hedge funds products, they are heavily oriented towards energy and commodities. I don't have to tell you what energy and commodities have done. And so we really benefited because of the type of hedge fund products that we have. In addition, we had some extra ordinary hedge... performance fees in real estate because we sold a bunch of real estate in the third and fourth quarter on behalf of our clients and we took some performance fees when we wanted to take some of the risk down in our real estate platform. And so we expect we are well positioned again in 2008 to take advantage of these global opportunities in terms of our hedge funds. And as we discussed, we raised a lot more hedge funds and products in the fourth quarter. So obviously, we don't forecast or tell anyone what is going to happen in 2008 related to hedge funds, but we... what I can say as we are growing out our alternative platform we are certainly building on a more diversified base of alternative products that have performance-based fees.
Christopher Spahr: But I guess the fees were up about 44% the last couple of years, each year. So I'm just wondering like if--?
Laurence D. Fink: It's because we're rolling out more and more products, and fortunately we have been writing those rollout of products.
Christopher Spahr: Sure.
Paul L. Audet: And we saw favorable markets. I mean... it's hard to tell you that you can automatically look at what we did this year and say, while you've increased the last couple of years could you run an increase when you're looking at a market that's down pretty substantially to start the New Year.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. And then finally, Advisory revenues [inaudible] by asset class appeared to be higher across all asset classes. So I just wonder if you can give a color about the sustainability of those?
Paul L. Audet: Well, the revenues were up as you probably saw across all asset classes, largely because we've had pretty sizable organic growth across all asset classes. And you also had, if you kind of look at our numbers, pretty sizable market contributions. I think the key here is, if you look at the equities and in certain of the alternative products, some of those market contributions are pretty sub-sizable. So if it was to me, I would say that if you look at the various ratios, a $130 billion of organic growth versus about $70 billion of market, that you can automatically kind of look at those kind of percentages and I think you can apply those same ratios to try to see what was the revenue growth ex-market or on a quarter basis.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin of Wachovia.
Laurence D. Fink: Hi, Doug.
Douglas Sipkin: Hi, good morning, and Happy New Year. Just a couple of quick follow-ups, drilling down on I guess the individual revenues for the asset products a little bit more. Just specifically holding in on the alternatives, the $134 million number, I mean how much is that... like how much of that includes performance fees for this quarter? I mean I'm trying to just think about that number, trying to gauge sort of a normalized level for that alternative revenue number. And then also as it relates to the cash management, I would imagine then you guys are recognizing revenues in there on assets that you're now reporting. So also how much of that would you attribute to maybe temporary type of stuff, just trying to gauge what sort of that run rate for base fees would be into 2008?
Laurence D. Fink: Well, I… actually if you kind of... rather than looking on a product-by-product basis, because we don't get into all of these pieces until we file the K, what I can tell you is obviously if you look at base… if you looked at our investment advisory base fees that we reported versus our performance fees, that will give you a pretty good idea of what I would tend to call more recurring, the investment advisory fee total. And as to temporary assignments, Doug, I mean really they’re just not significant enough for me to sit down there and tell you that I have all those numbers handy. They are not going to really indicate a run rate.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. So when I look back at that 1.16, I mean that's as true as I guess we're going to see I guess going forward, unless obviously the assets change dramatically.
Laurence D. Fink: I think that is a fair total to report on a recurring basis before obviously the implications of market.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. And then obviously, in conjunction with your comments about the bond yields being sold, I mean with the dramatic growth that you guys have seen in the cash management business I mean are you taking more steps, I mean are you implementing more procedures to try to make sure that you guys capture some of that rebalancing out of cash management when it does happen? I know obviously you’d a very strong quarter for equities, but it seemed like most of it, you’d highlighted, came on the retail side. How should we be thinking about your ability to capture that liquidity assets on the equity... on the institutional side whenever hopefully this allocation comes to the market?
Paul L. Audet: The way I would look at this… I mean it's very hard to know where the clients will be deciding and how they will be deciding. But I would tell you, what BlackRock has is maybe the best opportunity. If you've heard us talk about how we run our business, I mean the way we view One BlackRock and how we look at our clients, the way we run our marketing and our sales and support personnel, our clients know and our people that support our clients know every product and every relationship. So they recognize and understand how much a client who might be in long-dated fixed income or long-dated equity also has with respect to our institutional balances and our money market funds. I think we are working with our clients all the time everyday to understand that total exposure. So we are probably better positioned to work with them and understand if they are looking for rotational opportunities where we can in effect provide that... the kind of product that they are looking for. It is just hard to say a percentage. I don't think anyone will really know many of our large institutional clients also participate in the direct markets in the money market side. They may choose to rotate into some of those areas, but I do think that we are better positioned to capture those assets, if they are reallocated, than anybody else.
Douglas Sipkin: Good. And then just finally, if you could just reiterate, I think you provided some color around any impact you had from liquidity funds this quarter for supporting some of your money market products?
Paul L. Audet: Really, no… there was no impact. I mean for all intents and purposes, while we had sustained as I said in my notes some outflows in the fourth quarter, we sustained... we actually had 7 billion of those outflows on the last day of the year, every year.
Douglas Sipkin: No, I'm talking from a revenue standpoint, I guess as it relates to maybe one of your non-2a-7 funds?
Paul L. Audet: You mean revenue implication?
Douglas Sipkin: Yes.
Paul L. Audet: We have been waiving fees on those products for the last six months. There is no revenue implications that you have to worry about.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, and very nice quarter.
Laurence D. Fink: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Laurence D. Fink: Hello, Craig.
Thomas Gallagher: Hi. Actually, it is Tom Gallagher here. I just wanted to ask a quick one, and then Craig is going to have a few more detailed ones. Larry, I just noticed this morning Ambac put on review for downgrade by Moody's, and it looks like all bonds insured by them are put on review.
Laurence D. Fink: Yes.
Thomas Gallagher: Now, there is obvious... just curious to get your view on… I guess you could probably go on for a while about a discussion of reverberations to the fixed-income market from something like this, but just curious on your take on this, whether you see it having a meaningful impact on your business positively, negatively, can you give a little color on that? Thanks.
Laurence D. Fink: No, I don't know anything directly. I mean possibly I think all this turmoil on the marketplace is causing clients worldwide to re-address who they are dealing with. Having well... being well positioned in terms of the risk management, I think we are going to be a beneficiary in 2008 of the market turmoil. I also do believe clients are going to be looking to dealing with larger capitalized, larger firms, more global firms. So I think the unraveling of some of these monolines and continuation of credit deterioration relative to the world is good for BlackRock. It's probably absolutely bad for all of us in little ways. It is going to... obviously, with these companies imploding in terms of the monoline is going to have some... a real impact on potentially the muni market, certainly a lot of potential in terms of the housing market and the mortgage insurance market. So it's going to have some large implications, and I don't know how they're going to fill out. We are not exposed to those credits in terms of owning their bonds or things like that, and essentially one of them just raised $1 billion of bonds last week and the bonds are down over 20 points, maybe as of today they're down even more. We didn't participate in it and so… it’s not getting prettier, it's getting worse, and because of this we’re getting asked many questions certainly on the municipal side from a lot of clients, what does this mean for the municipal market, for the insurance, so many people relied on insurance, what does this mean for the conventional mortgage market. I think if these companies do go under, it is going to put a huge… kind of really put a major dampening effect on jumbled mortgages. And if we put a lot more... people are got to be running more towards Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities because it will be the only thing that people will look to ensure. I will say though, Fannie and Freddie also relies on these insurers too. So I don't know really what the impact would be for the agencies too if we had a collapse in these mortgage insurers, but I think the problems will be severe and problematic.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, that's helpful. It sounds like it's fair to say, you either have a neutral or underweight position as you think about fixed income market exposure within your total portfolio that would have exposure to the monoline.
Laurence D. Fink: Yes. I don't think... well, I don't even know if any monolines are in the index. So I... we were worried about those credits for a while.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks. And then Craig has a few.
Craig Siegenthaler: Sure. Just a question on your strong equity of retail flows this quarter, not really an area where we expect strength in this market, and we've seen peer flows decline here. So, I'm wondering what strategies are really driving these flows? Is it life cycle presence, is it simply magic counts, or is this mostly traditional mutual funds?
Laurence D. Fink: It's traditionally mutual funds, heavily weighted two global products. Our global opportunity funds continue to have very large flows and some of our specialty products. Tom Callan and team have had an extraordinary record being with the top noted portfolio managers in the small cap... international small cap space for the last five years. We continue to see flows there. We still see a lot of flows in terms of our commodity-based products. And so, it's just... it’s specialty product that also with these global opportunity products.
Craig Siegenthaler: So I'm guessing a lot of those flows are also U.S. distributed not... well, I guess some of them are also European too, maybe you could talk about the mix there? And also, what's your view on target-date funds with your Department of Labor’s change in option last quarter?
Laurence D. Fink: I'm not... I don't know if I could properly answer that question related to the issue. I know we've rolled out target-dated funds, but I can't tell you the specifics of what that... what the Departmental Of Labor issues and what does it mean for that. So I just don't want to comment on it. I could get one of my pros to call you offline, but I don't think I'm prepared to discuss the ramifications here. I'm getting the breakout between U.S. and International, hold on for a second, in terms of flows. International was $7.7 billion, U.S. was $9.8, and then you add the market decline, so it's pretty well mixed.
Craig Siegenthaler: And if I can just ask one more, the minority interest line items really declined two quarters here. I'm just wondering what JVs or investments make this up and why has the cash flow you are paying to minority owners been declining here?
Paul L. Audet: Look, this is gross-up issues, so the non-operating income saw great declines too. This is any private equity related activities that we have to consolidate on our books and records. So you have a gross-up with respect to non-operating income and a gross-up with respect to minority interest. And the simple reason why they declined was as markets here have realigned a little bit a lot of the revenues that were being generated by our private equity related funds and/or real estate related activities has shown mark-to-market declines. Obviously, non-operating income comes down, but in many instances we have very minor ownership in terms of our investment in these underlying entities and therefore most of that increase or decrease is basically netted out as minority interest.
Craig Siegenthaler: All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Prashant Bhatia from Citigroup.
Laurence D. Fink: How are you doing?
Prashant Bhatia: Hi. Just in terms of... we have seen some pretty big write-downs here by the major brokers on the structured product. I guess looking at some of the pension fund and other investment complexes, do you think they have taken appropriate marks as far as you can tell, a lot of these firms are your clients, do you think?
Laurence D. Fink: Probably not, because a lot of them they have held a maturity account. I mean, you could say that about banks too when they put things and held the maturity accounts. The security firms have those assets in trading accounts and therefore they are required for SEC reasons to mark them for FASB... for accounting reasons. There are a lot of assets being held worldwide that are held in accounts for… held to maturity and so they are going to have to take some periodic hits on that impairment. And I can't tell you the specifics of any institution, be it a pension plan or a bank or an insurance company, who has these products and when are they going to take these in periodic impairments.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And I guess a lot of that was driven by a thirst for yield. How are you seeing that shift? What are clients turning to now to kind of satisfy that thirst for yield because it not structured product anymore? How does that impact you?
Laurence D. Fink: I mean, I think clients are looking at just subordinated debt in the corporate market. They are looking at high yield securities. They are not looking at the lowest grade high yield, but I think worldwide people are shying away from risk. And yet, Prashant, those two alternative products we raise, there was a good example of clients were clamoring to take on more systematic risk in specified products that other people are liquidating or buying on behalf of our other clients. So it really depends on the clients. We are recommending the clients by the way. With this chaos it is you are being paid to take on more risk. And so we are not saying overall, but in some of these asset categories, as these products melt down we are suggesting to take on more risk. And we're trying to work with them on doing that and explaining why you're been paid to take on more risk.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And then also, you talked about investors potentially deferring some of the near-term decisions. I know you have taken some of your integration and put it on the backburner related to some of the overseas operations. Could that be an opportunity for you to maybe move that integration back on the frontburner or is that something that--?
Laurence D. Fink: It's on the frontburner. It is... first and primarily, we want to get it closed. We just did it in a more... as we understood the complexity of the integration, we determined to do it in a slower fashion, and we're right on track. We feel very good about it. We've integrated a lot of the equity products in London already. We're doing a great job in terms of getting this onboard. Our teams are really enjoying being put on the internal Aladdin system here, being part of it, being part of the overall risk management system. So we are not... we didn't defer it for any reason, other than it was much more complex. Obviously, we had a lot of client business also, but the client business was not slowing our internal integration down. It was really the complexity of the integration, but it's right on track.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And then just finally in terms of the M&A type opportunity, I guess looking at the franchise longer term, how important is it strategically to have a big indexing component?
Laurence D. Fink: We're studying that now. I would say index/ETFs. We don’t have a… we’re not… I don't think we have a conclusion yet, but we actually have an active study going on, on that question. And as we get... and so that question has been raised. We're looking at that, and that's what… as I’ve discussed in terms of product and product expansion, either organically or through acquisition, that's a product that we are looking ahead and discussing, should that be a product expansion.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions. Sir, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink: I think I’ve said them all. Once again, it's an extraordinary year for us, a lot of hard work. I repeat again, I'm thrilled to be in at BlackRock. I think it's really been an incredible year in terms of BlackRock, in terms of some turnover of some very key professionals at BlackRock over the years, but what I'm very proud of the organization is that we are able to navigate and manage. I said in other reports that BlackRock has spent years in terms of management's succession issues, and we have... in terms of losing our two founders of the firm over the past year and the succession of the management teams in place, it has been pretty much flawless in terms of the transitions we had, in terms of the navigation with our clients, in terms of turnover of these people, and then the introduction of our new leaders in the firm, and it has worked out very well. So I would like to just congratulate everybody at BlackRock and thank all our clients for all the support. Hopefully everyone finds ways to enjoy this first quarter and hopefully the financial markets start improving after this call. Thanks. Have a good quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert P. Connolly - General Counsel Paul L. Audet - CFO Laurence D. Fink - CEO and Chairman
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs Michael Hecht - Banc of America Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup William R. Katz - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Luanne, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Paul L. Audet; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.
Robert P. Connolly - General Counsel: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly. I am General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Paul make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements. And with that I will turn it over to Paul Audet.
Paul L. Audet - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. Obviously a very strong quarter to talk about today, I would like to really say that how proud the Company is of our performance, and really because it reaffirms three major themes which we've emphasized since the announcement of the MLIM merger a year ago. First the importance of integration and for us both cultural and operational, it provides the base for future success. I think we also would like to emphasize integration is a long-term effort and you don't accomplish all in one year, but obviously, we have had a very successful year in the integration. I think the key for us is the integration has not limited or sold organic growth for the business. I think you can see that in evidence in the $41 billion of organic growth and AUM we had in the third quarter and the $107 billion of new business we generated for the first nine months of 2007. I would also say that if you look at year over... for the first nine months of the year we announced a 63% increase in adjusted earnings per share. If you look at that performance fees for the two periods year-over-year were approximately $200 million, so we've seen a 63% growth in our EPS. If you go back to our initial discussion of the MLIM merger in February 2006, we said our first full year performance we would like to see that we would accrete approximately 24%. I think you can see in these results the integration has performed well. Second, and I think also equally important, we talked about the strategy over the combined businesses and what we have created here is a firm with a balanced business, whether you evaluate it in terms of product mix, customer mix or geography and one that is positioned for growth in different economic and market environments. During the third quarter, we've been presented or and we've seen exceptional volatility in not only the equity markets but also in the fixed income and short-term financing markets. During this quarter, we saw a lot of clients reducing or delaying long-dated investment decisions and date for a quality and safety and as you are all aware there has been a significant, tremendous growth in the money market assets in short-term investments because of this. Obviously, one of our products were significant... our significant scale player is the cash management business and we were positioned to service those client needs and during the third quarter, we saw organic growth in cash management business of $30 billion. I would also note, if you look at it on also a geographic mix side, we generated substantial performance fees for the third quarter, 50... almost 50% of those performance fees are coming from our international equity based hedge fund products. So you are seeing in effect geographic and product mix evident in our results in the third quarter. And third; and I think most importantly that Larry emphasizes this every time he talks, our business is all about investment performance and client service. We continue to see strong investment performance across all of our equity, alternative product and liquidity platforms. As we discussed in previous meetings, we... our concerns about credit pricing over the last couple of years did have some implication of fixed income, but I believe that what you are seeing now in terms of the correction in credit pricing as well as some of the volatility in market will obviously enhance our ability to generate fixed income returns. A tangible piece of evidence with respect to that is, this quarter we had some of this highest performance in obsidian our fixed income hedge fund as a result of our positions. During the quarter, there were some special items incorporated in our financial results. I would just like to note those very quickly. We completed a very attractive trade with Merrill Lynch to in-source servicing which they performed on approximately 40 closed-end funds. These funds... this fee servicing would run between 30 and 40 years and in fact amounted to a notional payout of probably about $600 million over the term. We took that out in effect for a $128 million, it will add about $15 million of operating income benefits on an annualized basis going forward. We believe that we have the ability, obviously to provide this servicing and we actually feel very confident that this is a tremendous opportunity to invest capital back into the business. We financed a $128 million payment for those services with proceeds from a $700 million tenure debt offering we completed during the third quarter. It came at a yield of $636 million. It was a very successful offering and one that we felt that was very, very well timed for us in order to, now not only have a reputation in brand in terms of the equity markets, but also in terms of the debt markets. I would also note; we completed the Quellos acquisition on October 1st. The initial purchase price payment of that was $562 million in cash. So effectively, by October 1st, we have reinvested all of the proceeds of a long-term debt, between the transaction with Merrill Lynch and the first payment. On August 22nd also, we closed a new five-year, $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. I think this makes us feel very confident, we can look for opportunities in the marketplace but also to support the liquidity needs of the business as we grow. Third quarter also included one one-time tax adjustment of approximately $51 million to re-measure certain deferred tax liabilities, as a result of recent corporate income tax reductions in the UK and Germany. I think Larry might have some comments about this as we go through. The interesting thing, the UK reduced its corporate income tax from 30% to 28% and we actually saw the German corporate income tax go from 41% to 32%. Key third quarter financials results, and very quickly; overall results... and what I would like to emphasize on a recurring basis, if you take performance fees out, because obviously performance fees are very lumpy. But if you take those out the result are very strong. Total revenues ex performance fees were up 8% on a linked quarter basis, $78 million. Operating expense if you excluded out of performance fee related incentive costs and before the impacts of the net changing closed and fund launched to cost were up 3.5% or approximately $20 million. Obviously, operating margins improved almost a little less than 2% between the second quarter and the third quarter. Something that we indicated would happen and obviously this is all as a result of strong leverage, I mean strong revenue growth and the operating leverage that is embedded in the business which we expected. Last, non-operating income, actually declined approximately $20 million from the second to third quarter. There were some big changes as we've said this is going to a very volatile area between non-operating income and non-controlling interest. We had significant mark-to-market declines in private equity and head fund to fund products. But it was also offset by a very strong mark-to-market gain in certain real estate equities namely Peter Cooper Village. So I would note to everyone on the call that obviously the debt was issued late in the third quarter, so expect interest expense to rise approximately $10 million from our third quarter reported levels into the fourth quarter. With that I will turn over to Larry, but I believe a very strong financial report for the third quarter.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Good morning everyone. As Paul mentioned, we did complete our one year anniversary with our merger with Merrill Lynch Investment Management. I think the result speaks for itself. We are a global investment firm and I do believe the marketplace... with this marketplace becoming larger and larger and more and more business being executed overseas, and now with tax rates being lower overseas, having this global platform allows BlackRock to take advantage of the opportunities on a global basis. I think looking back after one year, the synergies that we discussed a year ago and the synergies we discussed 21 months ago when we announced the transaction, really speaks quite loudly that the synergies are happening, that the mix of the two businesses put together has really transformed ourselves into this really truly global platform. There has been a lot of discussions about the turmoil in the marketplace in the last few months. And I really do believe BlackRock's result of the third quarter speaks loudly about where we are in terms of cultural integration and team. I don't believe we would have gotten through with this quarter as strongly as we did, if we did not build one strong unified culture and I think it speaks very loudly where we are and where we are going. I do believe that firms that are navigating successes in this chaotic marketplaces are the firms that are unified by a global culture. BlackRock, as you know, we've always been pretty rigorous and very religious about the fact that we have one platform, one culture, one organization and I believe how we've navigated through this. As our teams and equities and fixed income and alternatives discussed continuously about what are the risks and what are the opportunities in the marketplace on behalf of our clients and I think the number one story for the third quarter was the integrated platform that BlackRock has with an integrated global culture. I cannot speak loudly enough about how important that is and to navigate in these troubled markets. And I do believe these troubled markets are not behind us and I know the marketplace has rebounded very nicely, but there is still lot of lurking problems in the marketplace and we are not going to believe that these markets... these troubled markets are behind us. And so it is this culture, it is this unified platform, it is this one operating platform that is allowing us to navigate somewhat better than our competitors. It is that culture that allows us to take advantage of these market problems. It is this culture and unity that has allowed us to have the success in terms of performance across most of our portfolios and it is that performance that allows us to believe that the future growth of the firm can remain strong. So, it is not only the culture that has allowed us to be where we are, but it also is this business mix. No one would have predicted to see the flows in liquidity that we have seen. In the last six weeks, if you look at our pipeline numbers and if you look at our liquidity growth in the last quarter, much of this happened in the latter part of the third quarter. We grew by over $43 billion in liquidity assets in these last six weeks, as people are looking for safe havens. And this speaks so loudly as clients are try to analyze what this means for them, they are not as rapid and they are much more careful in terms of where to place their long-term money. So, as we suggested, long-term searches have momentarily slowed down, we saw this last year when we had in the third quarter last year. We've seen this at many times when there is market turmoil. But the organization was able to have opportunities and products for our clients to take advantage of it and our liquidity business speaks very loudly of having this unified platform with multi-products and so we are able to work with our clients when they have specific needs. So clients are still, as you look at our pipeline and our searches, clients are still looking to put their money in longer dated strategies. Clients are continuing to look for more alternative strategies. However, at this moment, they are looking for safe havens as they try to determine how this market will evolve and what it means for them in their own liabilities and so we've seen this as huge surge in liquidity. Areas that I would like to specifically note that I'm very proud of is our retail platforms in a global basis. We continue to expand our platforms in the U.S., our third party distribution platforms are continuing to expand. We're opening up more product offerings and launches within different third party systems. In our International retail platform, we continue to see very strong growth in our Asia platforms, specifically Taiwan and Korea. We're seeing real opportunities in the last few weeks in terms of our retail platforms in Europe. And so we continue to believe the retail side of our business although in the last quarter, it was dwarfed by the huge scale of cash and long-dated institutional strategies, we continue to believe that the retail side of BlackRock will become a larger and more important component of overall business. I am particularly proud that we crossed over the $400 billion in retail now and so, we are getting more and more scale, and more and more opportunities to build out. Paul mentioned; we closed our closed transaction; our fund to fund platform is now a BlackRock alternative advisors. We are now the third largest fund to fund platform in the world with about $7 billion in fund to funds of private equity and $20 billion odd in fund to funds of hedge funds. We are particularly excited about what these product capabilities will do for us as our clients are looking for more multi-asset strategy solutions. And so having those products in those platforms will give us a more complete product offering on a global basis for our clients. In addition, we continue to see great results in some of our alternatives and some of our hedge funds, and most specifically we continue to see huge opportunities in global real estate. Our global real estate platform has grown to $28 billion and we believe this will continue to drive and build a larger opportunity for us. I can tell you clients are looking for more real estate as a part portion of their asset allocation. I am not here to talk about residential real estate. I am talking really about commercial and multi-family. But the change with our clients is less U.S. real estate but much more global. So having this global platform with multiple distribution centers and multiple manufacturing centers really gives us this unique opportunity to take advantage of the changes investors needs, taking advantage of investors' appetite to become much more global. Some information came out from the treasury yesterday that the foreigners sold approximately $60 odd billion in U.S. products and obviously that should not be a surprise when you look at the direction of the dollar, and this is... this speaks very loudly why investment firms have to be much more global and why investment firms have to be offering more than just a dollar based assets. And this is the trend that we believe will continue to drive the business and this is the trend where we continue to expect us to drive and build our manufacturing platforms away from dollar based assets. Overall, as Paul said it was a very good quarter. I could go on-and-on and talk about the various areas, our successes in performance in equities and fixed income, our successes in alternatives, our successes in our platform. But I think it is just important to say, overall in this troubled marketplaces, we navigated very successfully because of who and what we are and what... and how we all came together as an organization. As Paul said, and I've said it repeatedly, integrations take years. We are not over the integration of our firms. We have now the integration of our Quellos team here. So we have a lot of work to continue to do. We still have a lot of integration in terms of our technology, in terms of global equities and so we have... we are not complete. Integration of culture takes years. We proved to ourselves, we proved to our clients that we have a pretty unique culture already that is unified. But I don't want to suggest that we are over in terms of the integration of our two firms and we are not over in terms of the overall direction where we want to take this platform in terms of build out of our international footprint, to build out our products. We did a... one last thing we did expand our European equity platform that was announced late in September. So we continue to look for opportunities and building out teams and manufacturing, as we believe we need to have more products, stronger teams to really build out. If I had to just suggest one other last thing in particular attention should be given to is just the whole unity of the portfolio teams working together, suggesting opportunities together, looking at different opportunities to build out on behalf of our clients, be it a strength in opportunities we have in minerals and minings or strengthen opportunities we have in the oil service area, and all the other areas. So its just not broad based product, its specialized products and working to having that strength in those products, working along side our fixed income teams, our fixed income credit teams. I had just an incredible quarter in terms of navigating risks. And the last thing I have to say, our liquidity credit teams. We don't have the problems that many liquidity firms are sitting here. We have not decided whether we are coming together with this large super SIV, we don't have these single party SIV assets that some people are struggling with. And so, we have navigated credit very successfully from overnight money, to long-dated money, to equities during this quarter and we will still be very conservative in terms of credit as we think this credit price is not behind us. We that I had like to turn it over for questions. I would just like to thank everybody and thank the overall BlackRock team to really make our investors proud and to make our clients very happy in terms of performance. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Thanks. The performance fee number, you mentioned international equity hedge funds, can you give us some more detail what's in this number in terms of percentage from international equity and in terms of private equity, I thought I heard you mentioned negative marks?
Paul L. Audet - Chief Financial Officer: Well, not negative marks, they were not as positive as the second quarter, which were very high. We generally do not disclose the nature of performance fees by products. What we try to say was that, if you kind of look at the mix of the business, we saw a lot of revenue growth coming from all over the business.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I would say clearly our performance fees were across the board in almost every one of our alternative products. We... real estate was very strong, our European hedge funds, our domestic hedge funds, Paul mentioned our very large fixed income hedge fund had an extraordinary quarter, and so I think it's fair to say it was broad base.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. And one more question, can you give us your thoughts on the cap rates proposal to eliminate management fees and solely pay performance fees if you outperform a benchmark and how do you think this could impact the industry and BlackRock in general?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well I was with Chris yesterday; he was at a meeting with us yesterday. I had lunch with him yesterday. I think it's... I don't know enough about it. But I... we discussed it at lunch. I think it's pretty fair proposal. I don't think it's going to change business that much; obviously it's going to make the stronger, stronger and the weaker, weaker. I think the ultimate response to that is. I think there are too many organizations are... have survived with mediocre performance probably for too long. So if this becomes an industry trend, you are going to see more volatility in the investment management business with some of the weaker players. But I don't know the tonality, what it is. Is it a one year look back, a three-year look back, a five-year look back, we didn't get into that, but I understand the notion. I don't think it really makes long only investment management similar to absolute return strategies and you get paid if you do well, you don't get paid if you don't perform.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: I guess the big question is, is it going to add a lot of volatility to quarterly EPS and the answer is probably, yes?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: No, I... if it became the prominent strategy, yes. I think that's true I don't believe we will become the prominent strategy for everything. So, the answer is yes. If it really is adopted by everybody, no question, it creates greater volatility. I don't believe it will do that though. I mean I don't believe it is going to have a big impact on the marketplace and how we do business in the near-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin with Wachovia.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Hi.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Hi Doug, how are you?
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Good morning. How are you guys? Just a couple of questions, first just I might have missed did you guys made some color about how much incremental operating income you would generate from basically taking the Merrill Lynch fees in-house. Can you provide that again?
Paul L. Audet - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was $15 million on an annualized basis.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Okay perfect. That's helpful. And then Larry you mentioned the interest in long-dated strategies obviously veined throughout the quarter, any pick up in that interest or a little bit of return given that the credit markets parts of the credit markets are starting to act a little bit better?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I would say lot of the credit markets are not acting a little better but its just the visible ones are subprime certainly is not acting any better and lot of the housing products are certainly not acting better. As you look at our searches, searches are bigger than ever we have more searches going on, more of off keys than we've ever had right now. So they're existing people are just delaying decisions and so for me to tell you at this moment whether there's a real change its too early for me to tell, but we are very constructive on the long-dated business in the future with the amount of searches we have and or up ease we have, coupled with the performance we've had over the last quarter.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Okay. So, in respect to your terms about some of the problems still lingering you provide a little bit of color for how long you see this playing out but I mean just giving your experience in the industry, how long do you think it's going to work through the system. Obviously, I guess, I got a flavor for your comments about this subs these major SIV that they are thinking about putting together to save sort of the money markets. But just curious what your thoughts on the overall credit markets and how long this thing could potentially play out?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Secretary Paulson is doing a very good job in alerting the world as to this housing price is not over and we got to get our arms around it. So I really do think with Secretary Paulson is doing very good because I think he has cracked in stating this prices is not over and as we saw in housing start today was clearly evident its having an impact on the U.S. economy. To me it's pretty binary I think we need to see some form of... if we see that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have certain expanded power for securitization and I am not talking about balance sheet issues. In terms of allowing more types of mortgages to be securitized and so the housing market will be less depended on the conventional housing market where there is a lot of congestion and problems. I think that housing market could resolve itself, but if the housing market does not resolve itself and the mortgage debt market doesn't resolve itself. I think it's going to play out in so many different areas and other types of credit and for me its kind of binary. I do see solutions at hand; I do see Congress talking about these types of solutions. Unfortunately politics are once again playing a wicked hand and hopefully the housing start numbers today will alert our government that this problem is not getting better it's getting worse and it's going to jeopardize the future of our economy and you know I am a long-term believer of our economy, but I do believe that the housing market will erode consumer confidence will erode the capital markets, if we don't solve these issues. So it's kind of hard for me to tell when it will be over because I think there are solutions and that can fix it but if we don't find ways to making these solutions happen than we are going to get in to deeper problems or going to have a much wider spreads and probably a much more difficult capital markets in the future.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Great. And then just finally, any guidance, I mean how should we be thinking about potential performance fees in the fourth quarter, I know it seems like the outlook for performance fees has improved throughout the year as you are positioning in products has worked to your advantage. Any color around the fourth quarter that can you shed some light?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We... really hard to do I would tell you that there are a number of products which lock in the fourth quarter and performance is... has been as strong as we have seen year-to-date in the third. But it's hard to put in an exact number on it. Obviously, you are not going to see anything like you saw in the third quarter, its coming way back. But I think that we continue to see some positive opportunities there.
Douglas Sipkin - Wachovia: Great. Thanks a lot and congratulations on an exceptional quarter.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Great thanks. Hi everybody.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Hi Marc.
Marc Irizarry - Goldman Sachs: Larry, maybe we can start with the dollar demise and just the shape of the business overtime in terms of U.S. versus global. How will acquisitions sort of play out, in the dollar demise in terms of getting more non-dollar denominated assets? Thanks.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I know... hello... we are looking at any acquisitions overseas. We... so we did [Technical Difficulty] Europe equities. Looking other teams to help us expand --. Can we get the operator on? There is still a lot of disturbance.
Operator: Okay. Mr. Irizarry, if you could mute your line, while Mr. Fink is speaking?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Hello. Operator, are you getting this feedback?
Operator: I am hearing the feedback, why don't you go ahead and clear the question and you can go ahead respond to it. Go ahead,
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Okay, there we go. Thank you. We are presently not looking at any acquisitions internationally. We are working on expanding our presence in with... to our joint ventures in India. We have a platform already in China. We're doing... list out teams in terms of equities overseas where we see huge opportunities. I would not say we're going to have the demise of the U.S. dollar, I actually believe in some areas the U.S. dollar is cheap. Especially versus Euro I do believe European markets are going to have just as many problems as the U.S. So, I am not here to suggest, but I think the dollar will be... will weaken a lot further. But I do believe more-and-more investors... more-and-more U.S. investors are looking for more diversification away from dollar assets. So it's not just our global clients are looking for greater diversification away from the dollar, but even our U.S. clients are looking for more diversification. Not just in bonds, not just in equities, but in alternatives, in real estate and in all the type of products that we have.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Hecht with Banc of America.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Hi guys, good morning,
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Good morning,
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: I just wanted to... question on the fixed income performance this quarter which seem to slip again, I guess a bit with 57% of top half of feasible one, three and five years. I think, on the last quarter was 63%. So I was wondering if you can recap for us which product areas you are seeing kind of weaker performance and in whether, you think this is help lead to some of the slowing organic growth that's you are seeing on long-term fixed income side this quarter, you think its really just more function of the macro issues you've already talked about in commentary?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think... the issue in fixed income performance have nothing to do with the long-term trends this time. We are... our areas of strength have been in the high yield where we continue to have great performance. One of our credit products are having very good performance, in line of our global products who are having good performance. I think, some of the long-term trends have been... we are seeing more-and-more clients looking to move away from core strategy to which we did discuss into LDI and other types of products. And it is that type week construction that we are seeing a slow down in as people are trying to digest what the capital markets and credit markets are doing. So, I still believe we are going to see huge, huge transformation out of core strategies into longer dated strategies, better matching assets and liabilities. We are going to see more-and-more global mandates and we are going to see more global mandate that are longer dated.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay. And then can you just touch on some of the maybe areas that are or a little bit weaker performance wise that maybe drove the overall performance number down?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Its not performance. It's just... I would clearly tell you we have not seen any slow down due to performance issues. We've seen slow down just in deferral decisions and as I said, if you look at our pipelines, if you look at our RRPs, this is no different than what we saw in the third quarter of last year when we had a remarkable slowdown in some of the long-dated mandates. But overall, I mean the asset mix is strong, the growth of our asset mix is getting stronger and having a $123 billion of organic growth in over a rolling 12 months is something that has exceeded our expectations and we think we have great opportunities to continue to build momentum in the future.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay, that's great. And then let me shift a little to the competitive dynamic you're seeing again like kind of institutional fixed income space just for a minute I mean, some of your big competitors on the fixed income side without many names have seen some weaker performance and that benefiting you guys at all and then also are you seeing any impact from other players who've entered the institutional fixed income space maybe more recently outside of the Big Three players and whether you are seeing any impact there?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: First of all, the other big, the other two players out of the Big Three are doing great. Short-term some, one of that may have better performance than the other; they are both really incredible firms that we respect a lot. They are going to get their lion share of business. I think the biggest change in the fixed income market has been clients are moving out of core bond strategies into other strategies and so with that with long-dated products with other transport products you are going to see a different mix of investors, a different mix of investment managers. And so I think because the business mix is changing because client needs a changing, you are going to see changes in terms of investment managers. I do believe the Big Three are adapting very rapidly into offering the longer dated strategies and different product strategies. So I don't see any change in terms of the Big Three having a pretty tight dominance in the marketplace but there's always room for the big eight or big ten. They are having more players in the fixed income market. We are... we don't feel threatened in that market at this moment of time and in fact we believe our performance in the third quarter in terms of avoiding credit proves again BlackRock may not be the sexiest of bond managers, but we are very consistent in terms of risk avoidance and risk management.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay that's helpful. And can you talk a little bit about the retail opportunity you see on the fixed income side and whether you see upside there over time as well and I guess what I am getting out is are you seeing any evidence of demand or the pick up in demand for yield for meet down investors. And then the $400 billion milestone you mentioned you reached in retail, how much of that is fixed income versus equity?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: It's de minimus in fixed income its probably I am going to guess if you strip out money markets its people running and looking before... my estimate is probably closer to $10 billion over that it so. Excuse me... $82 billion in fixed does that includes in liquidity, okay, $250 billion is in equities. The... I forgot municipals and all the other products. So that's where I was. We have huge opportunities in fixed we just launched our fixed income platform in our... with our European and Asia platform where we really had no fixed income... the very de minimus fixed income platform in Europe and Asia and so we are just rolling that out now. And we continue to roll out more fixed income strategies and equity strategies with third party distributors in the United States. So it should be a very large component of our business.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay. And then can we shift over to the integration at MLIM which you mentioned is not kind of a one quarter, one year type of event, that it takes time. Can you touch a little on the morale? I guess you are seeing on the equity side of the business and kind of general levels of attrition and whether the equity side of the business in terms of the integration has lived up to your expectations, and just how much more work do you really have to really do there?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I don't think work is ever finished. In terms of the equity integration, it has gone great. I mean, I can't say one real hiccup that we've had in terms of our equity platform in terms of the integration. Where we've had turnover, it was more in the fixed income side where there was some redundancies and rolls and responsibilities, that's where we have had some turnover. And in all the cases, we didn't have one of these people to lead, but we have a real strong depth of people and a real talented full base. And so, we had turnover there over the last nine months, but I can't think of one... well we had one person in our European equity team left, and as we announced, we have just brought in a brand new team of six people to be part of our European equity team to replace the one person so, we already had a pretty fine European equity team, but we just doubled the scale and size to build it up for multiple types of products in European equity. So, emphasizing your question of Europe equities I would say it's gone as well as one could ever dream of.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay great. And then just last question. Could you talk a little bit about the long term outlook for operating margins, obviously you saw good improvement versus last quarter although a bit below year ago, kind of pre MLIM, do you still see off side to the margin and should we think about this as a franchise of long-term, talking three to five years out can sustain 40% plus kind of margins and what you think of this kind of the key drivers there. Just like a combination of comp and non-comp expense leverage in the model?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Look, I think that... yes you saw some operating leverage in this quarter. We signaled that we saw that coming. If you are evaluating... operating margin before the MLIM trade, please understand add back intangible amortization and you are going to come... you are going to add 3% to what we are reporting.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Right.
Paul L. Audet - Chief Financial Officer: The non-cash items. So it really we are in excess of what we are reporting before. I would tell you that the one issue that this organization will always be interested in looking at our margins. Is that, at what point in time does operating leverage should be invested back into the business to sustain the growth rates. It's hard to have revenue growth rates like we are doing and not invest back in the business. If I would tell you if we try to milk every piece of margin, will it come up every quarter, yes. What I think we would be short changing our growth rates into the future if we did, I would also say yes. So I think there is room for operating leverage growth overtime, but I also would tell you that we also believe there is a lot of investment opportunity to grow our revenue base and we are not going to be afraid to do it that's what BlackRock is always done. So, I would tell you that I wouldn't like to see us over 40% ever in terms of operating margin. I think we will be making a bad trade for investors.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: The biggest tension, we have is, as we see the opportunity to global as we see more-and-more clients are looking for non-dollar based investing. I mean our need is to really continue to build out and invest. And so I will critics [ph]... If I was one of you guys it will be critical for us if we had those types of margins.
Michael Hecht - Banc of America: Okay, great. That's fair enough. Thanks for taking all of my question. Great quarter guys.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Lee with KBW.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Hi Rob.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I have a quick question on capital management and I guess mainly of the payout ratio. I mean you have the credit facilities generate a lot of cash and I understand you look for strategic opportunities, and how should we think of the payout ratio going forward in the dividend and particularity in light of the growing importance of performance fees, how do you work that into your thinking in what you want to payout?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think that we'd established a 40% payout right now and what we are operating under which is pretty significant. I also said... I think we've also said to the marketplace that as our earnings and cash flow grows, we are not adverse to looking to increase that in order to make sure that we are not in effect investing excess capital at lower rates of return within the business. I think it's hard right now, we are only in the first year of this integration and it's hard to tell you exactly where all these pieces are coming. But I thing you are starting from 40%, you are moving most probably higher giving what we know to be the growth in cash flow in the business over time. And we will keep you, obviously abreast of where we go with it. I still think we are going to always be a pretty of high return on our capital back to shareholders.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay great. And I had a question on retail business could you maybe give us a little bit of color, a lot of the assets are clearly and still Merrill centric in retail business in the U.S. Could you talk a little bit about your flows there and some proportion of what and how much of your business is starting to come outside of Merrill versus and still be independent on Merrill?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: First of all our global pickup platform is very diverse, we are... our European and Asia flows are heavily dominated by other players beyond Merrill Lynch, we are one of the top mutual fund platforms overseas is dominated by, 30 or 40 different distributors and we continue to expand our platforms there. In the U.S. a greater percentage of our flows are with strategic partners, I don't have the actual flows right at the moment. But we can get them for you, they are... I would say our market share within Merrill Lynch has grown. So the concept of independent name has helped us within the Merrill Lynch system. But we're seeing more-and-more flows with our strategic partners in retail, and just, and slowly but surely we're adding more-and-more of our products with our other third party distributors. So it's just a slow process, we just were given notice with one of our large third party distributors that they are adding our, many of our large cap products on to their platform. And so, we are slowly getting more-and-more products on to these third party distributors and we continue to be selling through these strategic relationships where we have... where the manager with their mutual fund. So it is not a BlackRock product, but we are the manager of one of their products. So we are seeing more-and-more strategic type of opportunities there. So, we can get you that number but I would say the percentages have moved greater towards third party providers and strategic partnerships.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Great. And that's all questions I had, a very next quarters. Thank you,
Operator: Your next question comes from Prashant Bhatia with Citigroup.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Hello Prashant.
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Hi. Just real quick on the money market funds, the money is flowing in there? How much of that you think you could retain overtime put it into new strategies and so on?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I have asked that question every hour. So it's not its... Paul why don't you answer that one?
Paul L. Audet - Chief Financial Officer: I... this is a great question for some, we are all playing with it. I would tell you that what I kind of told Larry so far, within the quarter the $30 billion that we grew, this tended to be largely as we said to flight the quality safety type money. A lot of this came with a lot of our existing clients to just increase their business with us. I think we have a pretty... because of our reputation and all the rest of it, I don't think it was long-dated movements. I think this was actually money that's always been in the cash marketplace. I think we have a pretty good chance to hold that. I do think where you are going to see hard press rest to whole lot is, what we are seeing right now that's in our pipeline. Because what really is ended up happening is we also had a fed funds decline, in our early... late in the third quarter. Certainly all money market funds have our outperforming direct investments that will equalize overtime. We also happened to be in the top of the peer group in terms of performance. So we are probably catching a little bit more of that benefit. That... this $18 billion or so that we have see since quarter end, that I think is a harder one to see us retain over time.
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Okay, okay that's very helpful. And then on the alternative product side, some of the longer dated products, could you give us a feel for what some of the new products are that you are going to introduce over the next 6, 12 months?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We really on a number of global real estate products right now. We are rolling out right at this moment agriculture fund in the hedge fund space, with our natural resources and mineral mining team in the UK, where we continue to... we are trying to build out our science and technology hedge fund here. We just... we are... we believe we have opportunities in rolling out distressed funds in terms of taking advantage of the opportunities in the distressed mortgage area. So. we are contemplating a big rollout of those types of products. We are in the market right now, so I can't speak too broadly about this, Mr. Connolly is sitting here he will get mad at me. Our private equity fund to funds, we are as has been reported in the marketplace in rolling out a distressed debt fund. And so, unfortunately because we are in the marketplace, I cannot really talk about in any extent of what we're doing in these areas. But I certainly believe Prashant we have great opportunities in rolling out some rather large products on behalf of our clients.
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Okay that's helpful. And then just maybe broadly in terms of the large SIV that's being put together now. Just your thought process on why you've been getting involved with it? You've avoided as you said, most of these problems altogether, why step into it now, it is just an incremental fee or what would be the purpose?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I don't see any fees in it, the real issue is if a broad base support helps the capital markets and helps our clients, we need to do that, I mean
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Was more stabilization type of incentive?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Yes I mean, so we want to be helpful if that's where in our participation helps whether we have issues or not, I think that's important point. Not big as issue there, as the competitor lot other people who need to participate have needy issues and as a competitor you would like to shine a little better relative to our needy competitors, and so in some respect I think it marginalizes our success. But on the other hand, you got to have the bigger picture of making sure if this works, it helps stabilizes our markets, it helps stabilizes our issues surrounding our clients, and whether it benefits our competitors more than we do, is probably the right thing to do.
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Okay, that makes sense. And then just finally in terms of Quellos, how did that manage to the three key dislocations? Did it have any of its fund to funds that they have some of the big funds that had issues or?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: No, we have once again, this is I cannot talk about. This is private, we have had great performance.
Prashant Bhatia - Citigroup: Okay. Great thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Katz with Buckingham Research.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Hi Bill.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Hi, Good morning everybody. Just a couple of questions, still wondering a little bit of tactical question at this point, you have been, is it kind of your revenue yield in the fixed income business, may be it's a function of volatility of the asset in the quarter. But could you give us a sense of seeing a decline in the revenue yield as you are shifting facilities for bonds to more specialized products.
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well there's no question. As you give it the more specialized products you need more teams, and so you can say the margins do decline initially as you start growing. So there's no question as you asked, more specialized products by definition, you have more specialized teams and then the net results would be lower margins. On the other hand, as those... as we believe we are going to see more and more products like that, we will get the leverage of that and as you know we have our own BlackRock Solutions platform our own technology and that gives us an advantage over a lot of people and during customized solutions. And so it allows us to be more adapted to our clients and most of our peers.
Paul L. Audet - Chief Financial Officer: Bill one thing too that you should be aware of with respect there was a re-class smallest one but $10 million and would have a definite impact to your yield of computation a re-class between equity and fixed income revenues of our second quarter. It had to do with something that was positioned in appropriately and some of our overseas mutual funds and that implicating that fixed income yield. So if you come back to me I can show you where that is and I think it will take off some of the risk that you are talking about there.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay that's helpful. In terms of the... give a lot of color on your... little curious you have obviously talked about the shift within fixed income, could you talk a little bit about what you are seeing whether shifts in terms of some fixed income back to equity whether the shift back... passes back to active and may be even styles then just value for growth?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Actually we are seeing as equity markets rally we are starting to and we saw it in September we are starting to see some very large reallocations out of equities in to fixed. We are actually seeing as that happens and then the clients are looking actually to do more LDI and more of locking in their liability as they have enough gains from the equity side to lock in an immunized portion of the portfolio. So that's what we are seeing now and this is where we think that will continue to grow and build and we had a client conference yesterday where we did hear from a lot of clients that are really lot of more contemplating doing more LDI. And so we are seeing more of that. In terms of style irrespective of the market volatility we are still seeing overall clients are looking to diversify more out of dollars, diversify more out of core equity, core bond strategies into more alternatives and I actually believe the volatility in the marketplace and we see more dispersion in returns among hedge fund managers and probably private equity managers and I think that dispersion is going to help BlackRock as we build out our alternative platforms. I think it will be beneficiary of that and so if anything, we need to be even little more aggressive in building out our alternative strategies and offering more products to our clients as they are started contemplate to navigate away from some of the historical core strategies.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then just in terms of Quellos it looks like maybe answered in the last question. It looks like your assets were up about $2 billion from the time the deal was announced in June to what you sort of put in the pro forma data is press release?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: That's true.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: How much of that was performance versus new business and where do you see the immediate leverage on the combined franchise?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well, we are already... we have a notification that we want a very large assignment. We are actually in fee negotiation in that one and that is a great example because the major substantial client are BlackRock that we're now... we can add to our fund to funds platform and so we are starting to see some opportunities and synergies already. So the opportunities I believe are going to be large. It is my belief with more dispersion with hedge fund managers more and more clients are going to look for fund to fund strategies because its hard for lot of clients to have event risk with one manager blowing up and they may have a perfectly fine portfolio, but having professionals in the fund to fund space navigating and managing all their hedge funds making sure there isn't a style drift among hedge funds as you know, that's one of the biggest problems in hedge funds base because it is very opaque and less transparent that having a team of professionals navigating and reviewing all the different hedge funds and private equity managers to make sure there isn't style drift. And so, we believe there is dispersion in these returns help the platform and make it even more powerful. We're going to need get back to on actually how much was it organic and how much was it in terms of just market appreciation. I would, my belief is its more new clients in knowing where, I think the returns in the third quarter by most hedge funds but the fund to funds is maybe 1% or 2%. So it has to be almost highly a large percentage of it in organic growth.
William R. Katz - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: : Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions. Gentlemen, are there any closing remarks?
Laurence D. Fink - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I would just like to thank all the employees of BlackRock for really creating a real exceptional quarter. We did it, as I said to all of us, it is a culture that binds us, it is the organization that makes us special with our clients and I truly believe our model of being a unified platform with one brand name, with one technology with one unified platform to market products to our clients, to work with our clients, allows us to have a better linkage with our clients and the reason why we're doing it and doing it well is because everyone at the firm is believing that a unified platform, a unified culture is the right structure for our clients. I would like thank all our shareholders for standing by and working with us and we'll be talking to you in the next few months. Have a good fourth quarter. Bye-bye now.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.
