===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2025 Investor Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Thank you, Katie, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's first quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chen, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the factors that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. Quickly on results. We reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.2 billion. Distributable earnings were $1.4 billion or $1.09 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.93 per common share. which will be paid to holders of record as of April 28. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call, and thank you, Weston. Blackstone reported strong first quarter results with distributable earnings up 11% year-over-year to $1.4 billion, as Weston mentioned. Fee-related earnings grew 9% and represented one of the best quarters in our history. We raised $62 billion of inflows in Q1, the highest level in 3 years and approximately $200 billion over the last 12 months, reflecting broad-based momentum across the institutional, insurance and private wealth channels. This fundraising success lifted assets under management 10% year-over-year to a new record of nearly $1.2 trillion. I'd say that $62 billion in the quarter is worth noting. The firm delivered these results against a turbulent market backdrop, which, of course, has further intensified since quarter end. Uncertainty around tariffs and their potential impact on economic growth and inflation has dramatically impacted investor sentiment. It's early, it's too early to assess the full implications of tariffs, which depend on the outcome of unprecedented multilateral negotiations with perhaps over 100 countries around the world. The complexity of the situation means that patience and staying power are key. Importantly, the economy entered this period in a fundamentally strong position. Productivity has increased significantly over the past several years and technological innovation is accelerating, which are powerful tailwinds. Most important questions are, how sustained will this period of uncertainty be? And what are the second order consequences, both domestically and for foreign countries. We believe a fast resolution is critical to mitigate risks and keep the economy on a growth path. For Blackstone, it is the challenging environment that best showcase the strength and stability of our firm. We built our business to navigate periods of uncertainty and dislocation with the vast majority of our assets under management committed under long-term contracts or in perpetual strategies. These structures afford us the flexibility to invest with patience to sell when the time is right. Our LPs have come to view us as an essential partner, and they've entrusted us with $177 billion of dry powder, positioning us exceptionally well to take advantage of the opportunities that arise. Our experience through many economic and market downturns has taught us some of the best times to deploy capital are in a risk-off world when sentiment is most negative. And for our shareholders, Blackstone is an asset-light manager of third-party capital with minimal net debt and no insurance liabilities. We, therefore, operate with a different risk profile than most other financial firms, giving us enormous flexibility to respond to changing conditions. In terms of announced tariffs, we believe that the direct first order exposure across our portfolio is limited, although there is potentially material impact to a relatively small group of our companies. In real estate, specifically, tariff effects are likely to drive up construction costs and further reduce new supply, which is supportive for real estate values absent recessionary conditions. Construction starts in our 2 largest sectors in real estate, U.S. logistics and apartments have already fallen to their lowest levels in more than a decade. We also benefit as a firm, many of our funds from a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. With respect to new investments, we will look to take advantage of this moment to capture value for our LPs. We continue to lean into areas where we have high conviction. We've invested $36 billion in the first quarter and committed $13 billion to new deals concentrated in areas benefiting from long-term secular tailwinds. We are creating the foundation for future value and what we believe is a favorable time. More volatile markets do mean we are less likely to sell in the near term, although that can change if conditions improve. We remain focused on building the long-term value of our holdings. Meanwhile, the Blackstone innovation engine continues to power our growth. The firm's unique diversity and breadth with over 80 distinct investment strategies positions us well to navigate any environment. We're always working to identify the next paradigm shift in the market and investing in our future growth. We continue to see the substantial benefits of the decisions we've made in the past, including establishing a dedicated wealth business to serve individual investors nearly 15 years ago when nobody in the alternative business was even thinking about that idea. Today, we manage over $270 billion in the private wealth channel, comprising nearly 1/4 of the firm's total AUM, which we believe is multiples of the size of our next largest peer. Our vision in this area from the beginning was to provide individuals the same access to private market solutions that many institutions have enjoyed for decades. This week, we announced a significant development in our mission to democratize private markets, a strategic alliance with Wellington and Vanguard, 2 exceptional leaders in liquid asset management. We plan to draw on the tremendous capabilities of our respective firms to collaborate on integrated public private investment solutions. Blackstone is ideally positioned for this initiative, given our leadership in private markets and our expansive product lineup, including large-scale perpetual strategies in private equity, private credit, real estate and infrastructure. We're very excited for this next frontier for our private wealth business. This alliance is yet another example of how Blackstone has been a pioneer in expanding the horizon of private markets across strategies, geographies and new customer channels. We remain as innovative today at any point in our history. In closing, although the path ahead is now more uncertain, I'm highly confident in our firm, and our people to navigate it on behalf of our investors. Importantly, we have the significant advantages of long-term committed capital, our unique brand and incredible talent with an unmatched will to win. We do some of our best works in times of volatility, and I have no doubt that will happen once again. With that, turn it over to our television star.
Jonathan Gray: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Despite the challenges of the current environment, Blackstone has multiple powerful engines that continue to drive us forward. I will highlight 3 of these areas this morning. One, our continued growth in private credit, two, our accelerating innovation in private wealth; and three, our strength in the institutional channel across key open-ended and drawdown strategies. Starting with our growth in private credit. There is a profound expansion underway in the traditional model of providing credit to borrowers, which is creating tremendous structural tailwinds for Blackstone. We've established the world's largest third-party focused credit business with $465 billion across corporate and real estate credit, up more than 2.5-fold in the past 4 years. Inflows for the combined credit platform were $113 billion over the last 12 months, comprising nearly 60% of the firm's total. Driving these inflows, as always, is performance. We continue to see outstanding results across both our investment grade and noninvestment grade strategies, including direct lending, asset-based finance, leverage loans and real estate high-yield lending. One of the most exciting opportunities before us today is an investment-grade private credit, where our business grew 35% year-over-year to $107 billion. Here, we're focused on financing the real economy, including energy and digital infrastructure, real estate, commercial and consumer finance, fund finance and other types of asset-based credit. Blackstone's scale and reach in these areas across both debt and equity position us extremely well. We've also established numerous contractual relationships and forward flow agreements with banks and other originators, and we expect to do more. In addition, one of the most significant areas of opportunity emerging is with large investment-grade rated corporates who are looking for customized capital solutions. Two weeks ago, we announced a $5 billion solution for leading Canadian telecom company, Rogers, alongside the country's preeminent pension plans, backed by a minority interest in Rogers' wireless network infrastructure. This follows a $3.5 billion solution we designed for natural gas producer EQT Corp in the fourth quarter, with respect to their pipeline infrastructure. In both cases, we leverage the expansive breadth of our credit platform to create something bespoke for our partner, without taking on any balance sheet exposure at Blackstone. For our clients, these transactions represent yet another avenue to access high-quality, directly originated investments. Since the start of last year, we placed or originated $55 billion of credits rated A- on average for our private investment grade focused clients, which generated nearly 200 basis points of excess spread over comparably rated liquid credits. This activity has been mostly on behalf of insurers, although pensions and other limited partners are starting to explore moving a portion of their liquid fixed income assets to private IG credit. We believe the potential here is enormous. Meanwhile, in the insurance channel specifically, we continue to see strong traction with our open architecture multiclient model. Our insurance AUM grew 18% year-over-year to $237 billion across IG Private credit, liquid credit and other strategies. We have 4 large strategic relationships today along with 24 separately managed accounts and expect this number will continue to grow. Last month, one of our 4 strategic partners, Resolution Life, announced the acquisition of a nearly $10 billion block of life insurance and annuities from Protective Life. We expect to manage nearly half of these assets over time on Resolution's behalf. This transaction is another illustration of Blackstone's ability to scale our insurance platform with key partners on a capital-light basis. And for resolution, it further affirms their strong competitive position in the closed block acquisition market, a position we expect will be meaningfully enhanced under their new parent, Nippon Life, one of the world's leading insurers. Turning to private wealth. Our innovation is accelerating. Blackstone has built the largest private wealth alternative platform in the world, as Steve noted, with over $270 billion of AUM, we've continued to expand our product lineup, which now includes 4 large-scale perpetual vehicles in the U.S., providing individual investors deep access to the scale and breadth of the firm. Following a very strong 2024, our fundraising in private wealth grew significantly in the first quarter of 2025. And while it's still early in the second quarter, overall across private wealth, we have not seen a pullback in sales. We raised $11 billion in the channel in the first quarter, up nearly 40% year-over-year to the highest level in nearly 3 years. BCRED again led the way with almost $4 billion raised on the back of outstanding performance, achieving 10% net returns annually for its largest share class since inception over 4 years ago. BXPE raised $2.5 billion in the first quarter and has grown to over $10 billion in only 5 quarters, delivering an annualized platform net return of 15% through February for its largest share class. BXINFRA received strong investor reception in its debut quarter with $1.6 billion despite only being on a small number of distributors to date. And BREIT has continued to perform remarkably well through volatile markets with its best quarter of returns in 18 months in Q1. BREIT has generated a 9.4% annualized net return for its largest share class since inception over 8 years ago, equating to almost double the return of the public REIT index on a cumulative basis. It's hard to overstate how valuable the Blackstone brand is in this channel, built on our differentiated performance and extensive network of relationships. Our brand positions us extremely well to bring new products to market. We plan to launch our fifth perpetual flagship, BMACX in the RIA channel on May 1, this diversified strategy reflects the evolution of private lending into many different areas beyond non-investment-grade corporate loans and will invest across our credit platform. BMACX will also have a ticker execution and daily subscriptions as compared to monthly sales and subscription documents for our existing perpetuals. We look forward to adding this new vertical to our product suite. Finally, we are particularly excited to collaborate with industry leaders, Wellington and Vanguard, and developing simplified access to public private solutions. Overall, we see a huge opportunity ahead for us in the wealth market. In addition to our private wealth and credit businesses, multiple other areas of the firm are showing strong results. Our dedicated infrastructure platform continues on its powerful growth trajectory with AUM up 36% year-over-year to $60 billion. Performance has been outstanding with the co-mingled VIP strategy achieving 17% net returns annually since inception. Our multi-asset investing business, BXMA, generated the 20th straight quarter of positive composite performance in its largest strategy. These returns drove BXMA's fastest growth in over 6 years with AUM up 12% year-over-year to $88 billion. In our drawdown fund area, we raised significant capital in the first quarter. We expect that the market volatility and geopolitical concerns will have some effect, but we entered this period with a lot of momentum. In Q1, we held the final closings for both our European real estate fund, the largest of its kind ever raised based on third-party commitments at approximately $10 billion overall. And our nearly $8 billion real estate credit fund. These are particularly remarkable achievements given the challenging environment for real estate, which speaks to the strength of our franchise in this area. We also held final closings for our $21 billion global private equity fund, along with our private equity energy transition fund, which reached more than $5.5 billion. We held a first close of $4.4 billion for our new private equity Asia flagship for which we're targeting a substantially larger size than the prior $6 billion vintage. Other strategies we're raising or expect to begin soon include private equity secondaries, life sciences, opportunistic credit, infrastructure secondaries, GP stakes and tactical opportunities. Despite high levels of market uncertainty, we move forward with the strength of our brand and the confidence of our limited partners. In closing, we continue to lean in. We believe our brand-heavy capital-light open architecture model is the best way to serve both our clients and our shareholders. And with that, I will turn things over to the capable Michael Chae.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, the firm delivered strong financial results and resilient fund performance despite volatile markets. Starting with results. The expansive breadth of our platform and the power of our brand drove excellent performance across inflows, AUM and management fees. Total AUM rose 10% year-over-year to nearly $1.2 trillion, as Steve noted, with $199 billion of inflows in the last 12 months. The earning AUM also increased 10% year-over-year, lifting management fees 11% to a record $1.9 billion in Q1. Fee-related earnings rose 9% year-over-year to $1.3 billion or $1.03 per share, 1 of the 3 best quarters in our history. Distributable earnings increased 11% year-over-year to $1.4 billion in the first quarter or $1.09 per share driven by the favorable growth in FRE along with a 22% increase in net realizations. While overall sales activity remained muted as expected, principal investment income increased significantly due to the sale of Bistro, a portfolio visualization software platform developed in-house at Blackstone to Clearwater Analytics. We originally created Bistro as a portfolio management tool to provide our insurance clients with a comprehensive view of their private credit holdings. It will now be integrated into Clearwater's world-class technology offerings with continued access for our clients. While Blackstone's culture of innovation is usually associated with new investment strategies the monetization of Bistro reflects how that culture of innovation pervades the firm, including with respect to our internal technology capabilities. Looking forward, as Steve noted, we expect realization activity in the near term to be affected by policy-driven uncertainty and market volatility. Ultimately, we believe the firm's ability to deliver significant realizations in more constructive markets is considerable. Net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet, our store value stood at $6.4 billion at quarter end or $5.24 per share, while performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground reached a record $583 billion, up 13% year-over-year. Meanwhile, fee-related earnings remain a powerful balance to earnings and dividends for shareholders. FRE for the last 12 months reached a record $5.4 billion, up 20% from the prior year comparable period, and has doubled in the past 4 years. We expect management fees to continue on a strong positive trajectory. Our platform perpetual strategies continues to expand substantially widening the aperture for generating high-quality fee-related performance revenues, and our underlying margin position is strong. Affirmed significant embedded earnings power continues to build. Turning to investment performance. We entered this period of external uncertainty with a portfolio that we believe is fundamentally well positioned. With respect to the first quarter, the firm reported positive returns across all of our major strategies. Infrastructure led with 7.5% appreciation in the quarter and 24% for the last 12 months, including continued significant momentum in our data center portfolio, which benefited real estate and other areas of the firm as well. The corporate private equity funds appreciated 1.1% in the quarter and 14% for the LTM period. Our operating companies reported mid-single-digit revenue growth and resilient margins in Q1, underpinning appreciation that was partly offset by declines in certain public holdings amid the market turbulence. In credit, our noninvestment grade private credit strategies delivered a gross return of 2.7% in the quarter and 15% for the LTM period. BXMA reported a 2.6% gross return for the absolute return composite in Q1 and including positive performance in every month of the volatile first quarter. For the last 12 months, the composite return was 11%. And notably, in each of the last 24 months, we generated positive returns. Finally, in real estate, the core+ funds appreciated 1.2% in the first quarter, while the BREP opportunistic funds were up slightly, supported by positive cash flow growth across nearly every area of the portfolio. Overall, these returns reflect the resiliency and strength in the firm's portfolio position. With respect to the environment going forward, that positioning provides a strong foundation as we enter a complex backdrop that will continue to evolve. It will take time to see how tariff developments unfold, as Steve noted, and how they translate to the real economy and corporate earnings. As always, the breadth and diversity of our global portfolio is a source of strength. In closing, as with the many other challenging periods the firms live through in our 4-decade history, we are well prepared to navigate this one as well. Our long-term committed capital provides us the staying power to weather storms and we have enormous investment firepower to take advantage of the opportunities that arise. With multiple engines of growth and support of our investors, we are confident in the future. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Maybe just a question on the deployment opportunity set here with nearly $180 billion of dry powder across the platform. You've mentioned that this could be an attractive deployment opportunity and environment for Blackstone. But given that it is highly uncertain and volatile, can you talk about how you find the confidence to put capital to work here and how you see the cadence and type of deployment playing out near term versus medium term? And also curious around any sort of leading indicators that would give you confidence that this is coming.
Jonathan Gray: So Mike, I guess I'd say a couple of things. What tends to happen in periods of dislocation is you see the reaction on the screen first. And we've certainly seen that in the last couple of weeks. So leverage loans, high-yield bonds, public equities, those have moved. And in our areas where we have appropriate capital for that, we have accelerated deployment because in some cases, there are opportunities where we think the value of the security has maybe decoupled on the screen just given the technical. So that's the first area. I'd say the next area is looking at public companies. And as you can imagine, we're across our different platforms, often having discussions with public companies. And when stock prices trade off, the receptivity from boards to our prices may be better. And so you're looking for those things. And then over time, there may be people who want to sell assets. There does overall tend to be a bit of slowness as you know, in these periods. But this can change pretty significantly. We saw this in 2020, where the year started off with no transaction activity. And by Q4, things had turned. And in this case, given how fluid the tariffs are, you could have a shift in sentiment. But I'd say for us, having $177 billion of dry powder and some real long-term conviction in the sectors we like digital infrastructure, energy and power, life sciences, alternatives, the recovery in commercial real estate, what's happening in India and Japan we are going to see this as an opportunity to put out more capital. So it will take a little bit of time. But in terms of seed planting, this is certainly a better environment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian McKenna with Citizens.
Brian Mckenna: So there's clearly been a lot of focus on the private markets over the past several weeks. I think it would be helpful to get your perspective on why private market solutions work so well in any and all environments, some of the underlying characteristics of the business that allow you to be offensive when others are pulling back. And then if you look at past cycles or periods of volatility, the largest alternative asset managers, including Blackstone, have always emerged from these periods in an even stronger position with greater levels of market share. So why is that? And then is there any reason to believe this time around will be any different?
Jonathan Gray: No. In short, Look, I think the model is very well designed for periods of stress. It starts with us at the top, of course, running a business with almost no net debt at all, no insurance liabilities so that we can weather a storm. It then goes to the fact that for most of our vehicles, we have the capital. We have $177 billion of dry powder. So when the dislocation occurs, we're not procyclical. We can do the opposite of what's happening in markets. and that allows you to generate excess returns. You want to be able to lean in when the prices come down. And the problem is on just flow-related businesses. So often, you don't have the money at the moment you most wanted. And I think that's very important. I also think the long-term nature of our investing what we do with our companies in private equity where we buy a business, we intervene in this business. We add value. We work with the management teams. Those things are always positive, I believe, to the outcomes of the company. And that, in good weather, bad weather, that proves to be the case. Also, on the sales side, because we have these long-duration vehicles, we're not a force seller. So we're not liquidating assets at the wrong moment. And then we take, as I mentioned in the last thing, a long-term approach. Where do we see the global economy going, where do we see the big opportunities? How do we take advantage of it. And I do think it's this lens that is longer and the staying power we have, the patients, that really works. We have the firepower to move quickly in dislocation, but the staying power with our structures to hold. And that's one of the reasons why, again and again, investors have seen the power of private assets, it's why you've seen this growth in the institutional business now over almost 4 decades and why we have so much confidence individual investors will also be attracted to this. So strength of the model, there are always questions, these stocks always trade down. And yet when we reemerge because of the ultimate returns we produce for the customers, we get even more strength. And so I -- the short answer to your question is we absolutely believe the same thing will happen here again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Steve and John. Hope everyone is doing well. We wanted to get your perspective on the North American institutional channel. It's the most mature market for privates globally. They've been facing DPI headwinds for 3 years, and it's likely now that 2025 will be the fourth. So what is your outlook for fundraising this channel, just given continued realization headwinds? And if you can differentiate between private equity and then other segments like infra and private credit where allocations are low, that would be helpful.
Jonathan Gray: Good question, Craig. The North American channel is the most mature. I would also say that it has the most perspective having been through these cycles before. And versus 20 years ago, there's a strong sense when we're with our big clients in North America that they're staying with private, that these -- this asset class has delivered for them. And yes, they made slow decision-making a little bit in this environment or they may anticipate getting less back in the way of DPI, but they're long-term committed to the asset class. And I think that's very important. Within the various alternative areas, there are definitely certain segments in more favor today. I think secondaries will be seen as attractive given the liquidity providing, if it's difficult to exit through an IPO and M&A market, I think infrastructure where they're generally well below their new targets. I think there's an opportunity. And given the success we have in that area that I think bodes quite well for us. And then obviously, in credit. First, in noninvestment grade, but I think over time in investment grade, we've been having a lot of interesting discussions with some of our pension fund clients in North America about getting exposure. So I would say near term for the North America clients, yes, you may see a little bit of a slowdown in decision-making. There may be a little bit of a denominator effect but the overall bias is towards more alternatives. Certain areas will be stronger and I just feel like we'll continue this migration with them because of performance. And that is the underlying thing for everything. If you deliver strong returns, you attract more assets, and that's certainly been the case for North American funds.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
William Katz: I did join the call a little late, so I apologize if you may have covered this in your prepared commentary. I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on just the opportunity to continue to expand the global wealth management business and in particular, I think there was announcement just a couple of days ago, working with Wellington and Vanguard. I was wondering if you could maybe flesh out how that may come together in terms of products or opportunities. And then some of the larger distributors, including Schwab continue to expand their selling arrangements. I was wondering if you were part of their initial foray into the high net worth segment.
Jonathan Gray: So Bill, I think the wealth area is a very, very large potential growth opportunity for this firm. Steve did a good job laying out our history of going at this much earlier than others. The fact that we have a 300-plus person global team focused on the distribution, the fact that we started long ago doing our drawdown funds in the private wealth channel, then we created really the semi-liquid perpetual model that has grown, obviously, quite a bit. We did that 8-plus years ago. And then I'll talk about what I think is the next evolution here with Wellington and Vanguard and where this can go. But we've positioned ourselves, I think, really well with both financial advisers and their underlying customers given the strength of our brand and what we've delivered over time. When under -- I think, underpins all this, is that individual investors want the same experience as pension funds get or those who are in defined benefit plans, they want to have the diversification. They want to have the higher returns. And I think the last 3 months have been a good example. The U.S. stock market, the S&P 500, which contains amazing companies. But if you looked at it at the peak, 35% of the value was with 7 great companies, but it was still pretty concentrated. And shouldn't individual investors have the benefit of private equity and infrastructure, private credit, real estate, adds ballast and diversification and strong returns. And the fact that we've delivered very strong net returns in our flagship products, I think, is so important. In terms of where this is going, we are continuing to try to enhance access to these products I can't say a lot about specifically what we're going to do with Vanguard and Wellington, but the basic idea is to take 2 great world-class leaders in liquid assets. In both passive and active equities and fixed income and put that together with what we do in private assets and try to create holistic solutions for individual investors and expand the market in the process. And I think the potential of this is quite significant because if you can offer enhanced returns and enhance diversification to individual investors in a more accessible way, a more simplified way, I think that is powerful. So we feel really good about the wealth market. And again, the strength of the brand, the Blackstone name and what it enables us to do with various distributors and with financial advisers is really quite impressive. I don't think we're going to comment on any specific platforms we may or may not be on. But I would just say, in general, we continue to push out our distribution globally.
Operator: We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: So you picked my interest in your comments, you said there's limited direct first order tariff impact on your portfolio. I'm very curious on how you define that and how you assess it. And then big picture, we don't see big high-yield maturity wells. We don't -- we haven't seen a huge push out in high-yield spreads. So those have been well behaved. So I'm curious on what type of stresses you see out there and how specifically your direct lending business is holding up in the face of that?
Jonathan Gray: So on the first question, Glenn, we're defining sort of direct first order impact is companies affected by costs in the supply chain. So those are businesses who are often manufacturers or retailers where this is really going to hit their margins, their profitability. And that is not a large percentage. It's limited as we said in our comments. But we do have to note, of course, that the second order effects exist, one being what happens in the capital markets, the cost of capital, the ability to have realizations when you have a volatile market, that's certainly a knock-on effect. And then thirdly, just more broadly, what happens with the economy. Does this lead to a real economic slowdown. And if it does that, of course, will impact many more businesses in our portfolio. I do believe the push by the administration, the comments by the Treasury Secretary this week that they were hopeful to make some quick deals with some of our major trading partners. I think that will be very helpful because I do think that the faster this tariff diplomacy can play out, the better it would be for the economy and markets. But but that's sort of the basis of how we see the exposure. On the credit side, the reason you're not seeing, I believe, credit stresses as you have in the past, is because the overall system is much less leverage. If you look at the typical direct lending loan we've made in our BDCs, they've been in the low 40% to 45% range of LTB, compared to going back '06, '07 when it was 70-plus percent. So the overall amount of leverage are much lower. And I also think today, people are much more focused on capital intensity of businesses. They're looking at EBITDA minus CapEx more cyclical businesses are less leverage. If you look in commercial real estate, again, even though we've been through a cycle other than office buildings, there's been very little in the way of problems, again, because there wasn't a lot of leverage going in. So the lessons from the financial crisis have really carried over. And that's why even when we get a shock there may be individual industries that are impacted, but you tend to have much less systemic risk. And I would not expect, based on looking at our portfolio that you're going to see major issues just because we're starting off a low base. Today, we're at 50 basis points of default across our noninvestment-grade credit portfolio. I expect that's definitely going to go up over time. But I don't think this is anything like what we saw, let's say, in the GFC, just because we go in with such much lower leverage. I also don't think we're going into that kind of the economic environment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Well, I was hoping we can double-click into the investment-grade opportunity, John, that you talked about in your prepared remarks. Treasury Secretary earlier last week, I think, talked about some pretty meaningful regular changes to bank capital requirements. And one of the things you mentioned, I think, specifically with something along the lines of leveling the playing field between banks and nonbanks. Now I think you was talking mostly around mortgages, but curious to kind of how you think about the origination opportunity for Blackstone in IG private credit in light of potentially lose lending requirements on the bank side? And I guess what's the high-level pitch to the investment-grade borrower with going with a Blackstone solution versus cap markets or a bank?
Jonathan Gray: Well, I think for the borrowers, I'll start there. The pitches you described is really about the flexibility of the capital. So if you look at what we were able to do with EQT and Rogers is we could come up with very bespoke solutions for them that I think are much harder to execute in the public markets. And that's, I think, very powerful. I also think we're able to deliver a level of certainty that these counterparties appreciate. So if you think about the Rogers transaction, we announced it after April 2 in the midst of all this market dislocation. So the fact that we're showing up, we're placing this in long-term hands, primarily insurance companies I think that's very helpful for the underlying borrowers. I also believe on the flip side, the question is why does this work for investors? And the banks are going to continue, by the way, to have a very important role. And in many cases, the banks are helping us set up transactions. They can be origination partners. So this is an environment where the 2 sides can collaborate a lot. But what's really driving the investment grade private credit like everything in our business is the return and the fact that we can bring up, let's say, a large group of insurance companies directly to borrowers. And in that process, eliminate a lot of origination and securitization and distribution costs, and they end up with gross 200 basis points of a higher return for an A- rated credit, that is very compelling if you're an insurance company. And as I said, I think it will expand to pension funds and sovereign wealth funds as well. So I think the banks will face a different regulatory environment. And in certain cases, they may be more competitive, but ultimately, what they're trying to do, I believe, is drive their ROEs higher. So in many cases, if we can be a partner to them, if they can do consumer finance or other types of finance they can hold a portion of the loan, continue to get fees, but give the bulk of the loan, which is a low ROE business for them, that makes a lot of sense. So I just think this is a structural shift it's moving towards a place that generally works for borrowers, it's working for investors, and that's why you see this very fast growth. The fact that investment-grade private credit grew 35% to over $100 billion that is a powerful sign of what's happening. And again, we're doing this on a capital-light basis. For us, it's about the relative return we can deliver here. It's not about we made promises in terms of borrowings or some other form of financing, and we are trying to earn a spread. We're just trying to deliver for our underlying insurance clients.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: If you could comment a little bit more on the international backdrop. I guess, both in the terms of the corporate decision-making with the tariff negotiations. But more importantly, on your on view on your ability to deploy, do you see any friction in the system as a result of some of the tariff back and forth and maybe if you can comment on that situation in both Europe and Asia. And if I can ask a second part to that, on the other side of retail demand. I know you've been trying to do more in Japan in terms of brokerage sales and also considering the European capital markets efforts internally in Europe to expand their capital markets, does that expand your opportunity for retail sales there?
Jonathan Gray: Well, there definitely are questions from global investors clients about what's happening here. I'd say there's just a handful of those who have the issues around the geopolitical client and geopolitical environment and what it means in terms of allocating capital. For most of our investors, it's just questions about where is the U.S. going, what's going to happen here. I think they have a lot of confidence in the U.S. given what returns have been over time. But this environment has created a bit of uncertainty, again, which is why I think a resolution of the issues outstanding the tariff diplomacy would be very helpful. We have not really seen on a broad-based clients globally or private wealth, as you mentioned, in Japan, seen sort of any material pullback as a result of some of these tensions at this juncture. And our companies continue to operate on a global basis. Interestingly, we have benefited as a large foreign investor from currency strengthening in places like the U.K., Europe and yen. But right now, I would say there's mostly just questions about where this is heading, some with more heightened concerns, but mostly just questions and our businesses continue to operate as usual. I will say also, we're seeing a little more interest in diversifying a bit. And so for some of our assets in Europe and Asia, it may end up facilitating some things as investors diversify. But I'd still say it's early days, and my hope would be some of this stuff settles and we can sort of get back to Terra Firma.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Brown with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Brown: So Jon, the wealth flows were tremendously strong in the first quarter. April sounds like it's off to a good start, but I believe the subscriptions would be April 1, so before Liberation Day, and we're in a fundamentally different world now. So how do you expect the well flows to hold up broadly? And which asset classes do you think could remain in favor here just given the uncertainty?
Jonathan Gray: Well, we're only 2 weeks into the quarter basically. And what we've seen so far overall is we haven't seen a pullback in sales in the wealth channel. So that has been encouraging to us. It's hard to make a lot of predictions about the future, given the volatility in markets. But I think it does say something about financial advisers and clients growing affection for alternatives in their portfolios. In terms of specifics, I would expect there'll be a move towards a little more caution, so you would expect credit at the margin does better, but that's just anticipating. I think the fact that private assets don't have the same volatility is something that I think investors -- individual investors and their advisers appreciate. It's certainly something we're going to have to watch, but again, I think the performance is really what matters. Over time, I mean, the fact that we -- Steve mentioned that BREIT delivered 9.4% over 8.25 years, that's nearly double cumulatively what you've seen in the public REIT market Investors have seen this experience, and it makes a difference with them. So I think we're going to have to wait and watch. But at least for the first 2 weeks, it's been encouraging.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Brendan O'Brien: This is Brendan O'Brien filling in for Steven. I just want to drill in on the real estate fundraising backdrop. Fundraising for the broader industry seemed to turn a quarter in 1Q before the recent macro market volatility. However, as Steve pointed out, tariffs could end up being a pretty significant tailwind for the business, absent a recession, and you've highlighted a number of other reasons why real estate is poised for strong returns over the next couple of years. So I just want to get a sense as to how much this pitch is resonating with your LPs at the moment and maybe how appetite for real estate has evolved?
Jonathan Gray: Well, look, we were able to raise a large European fund in a period of time when both Europe and real estate were out of favor and similarly on the real estate credit side. So that was promising. I would say the conversations with institutional LPs around real estate have really improved over the last 6 months. The tone now is much more open. But it's still a sector that has underperformed and you tend to see less allocation to those sectors. My gut is this period of time may slow some of the movement towards real estate. But as this recovery begins to take hold, I think you'll see the capital flow back. We've seen this historically in the '90s after the financial crisis. I don't really expect this to be any different. This may just create a little bit of a speed bump here, but the underlying facts of a lack of new supply, cost of capital coming down, that's going to be the foundation for recovery in real estate. And I think investors will want to go to it. There'll be a little more hesitant in open-ended funds, probably more biased towards drawdown funds and fresh capital. But as we get deeper and more positive performance, I think real estate will then start to get more traction, we're still in that sort of early recovery phase.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Budish with Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: I wanted to ask 1 for Mike, just on some of the financial targets for the year. Last quarter, you indicated Q1 management fees would grow 10% year-over-year. I was wondering if you could give us an update. I realize there's a lot of moving parts wealth flows, realizations, what it means for earning AUM. But just curious if there's anything else you can share in terms of your expectations for management fee growth through the rest of the year? And along the same lines, I think you indicated stable margins year-over-year. I think this quarter shook out a little bit better than most expected. So curious if there's an update there as well.
Michael Chae: Yes, Ben, thanks. I'll just start with -- I think the picture is solid. Obviously, there are uncertainties in the world, but the sort of underlying baseline of management fees, our margin position sort of the broadening array of strategies eligible to earn fee-related firms revenues. That's a really positive picture over time. I'll just start on management fees, and it's probably worth a clarification from relative to last quarter. Last quarter, we said a reasonable starting point for the year would be 10%, which was the fourth quarter management fee growth rate. And by that, we meant quarter 1. And that's exactly what we produce 10%. In terms of the full year, we try to stay away from giving, as you know, specific guidance. But the key variables to think about remain in place and remain really the same as I talked about last quarter, we're going to see this embedded in this, the fiscal year benefit, the full year benefit of having activated a number of flagships over the course of last year. As we talked about, we're now raising new drawdown funds, which will layer into management fees over time. As I mentioned, we're continuing to see expansion in broadening and perpetual strategies, significant sort of management fee growth from that broadening array and then and also fee-related performance revenues and then significant momentum in our credit insurance segment. So the exact growth rate for the full year will be a function of these variables, but I think underlying this is a very fundamental stable picture on margins. Again, we were pleased with our performance in the quarter, a result of healthy double-digit management fee growth, strong underlying cost position. As I said last quarter, there are number of factors that could affect that this year. And so it's early in the year. We always guide you to look at the full year, and we would just reiterate margin stability as a guidepost, notwithstanding the overall uncertainties in the operating environment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: Jon, last year, you referred to it being a gold moment for private credit. What is your assessment today? Are we still in that golden moment or if we moved outside it? And you mentioned to a prior question, less leverage and less downside in the outlook. But what does the normalization in the credit outlook mean for the outlook for growth in private credit?
Jonathan Gray: So I guess I'd break it into 2 parts. The golden moment part was related to the fact that base rates were very elevated, spreads were quite elevated. You could earn equity-like returns, mid-teens returns, owning credit, senior credit. And some of that, of course, goes away as the Fed ease 10 years come down, spreads have tightened. And so the returns you can earn are not as high on an absolute basis. But this really is more of a golden arrow when you think about the durable spread difference relative to liquid fixed income and there, you continue to see a meaningful premium. And you can see it in our performance in the quarter. You can see it in our various BDCs that are out there that you're still able, because of this farm-to-table model, basically bringing the investors right up to the borrowers, you capture that incremental spread. That's not going away. And that started, of course, in direct lending, noninvestment-grade lending, and it's moving quickly to investment-grade lending. And so I think that area of private investment-grade lending is very early days. I think the noninvestment grade will continue and it just feels to me there are a lot of tailwinds. Tailwinds as banks, think about optimizing their balance sheets, companies look to these large bespoke corporate solutions and we also have this reindustrialization happening, what's happening in data centers and what's happening in energy and power, those things are going to demand a lot of credit, and it works really perfectly for private credit. And so I just see a lot of engines in this direction, the adoption from the clients, both insurance and pension funds is accelerating. I still think we have a long way to go here. In terms of the credit cycle question, yes, there's lower leverage. Whenever you get an economic slowdown, a dislocation, in this case, if a certain portion of the economy, manufacturing, retailers face some headwinds, yes, you're likely to see some elevated defaults in that area, but I just don't see it on a really broad base unless the economy slows much more than we expect, it just lower leverage. And by the way, we've seen this over the last 3 years. If we had said to people the Fed's going to take rates up 550 basis points you would have expected to see a pretty meaningful default cycle across noninvestment-grade credits and you haven't seen that. So I do think we'll see in the close a little higher default, I do think we'll see, particularly if unemployment starts to move up in the consumer area on lower FICO scores higher defaults there. But overall, it does not feel nearly as problematic as maybe some have speculated.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Maybe just a follow-up on the Vanguard-Wellington partnership. Vanguard obviously has a substantial presence in the 401(k) channel. So I really just wanted to get your updated thoughts on how close the 401(k) opportunity could be and with this partnership announced, how do you feel about Blackstone's current positioning to capitalize on that opportunity.
Jonathan Gray: Well, I think the 401(k) opportunity at scale is going to require some regulatory changes. And so we're going to have to wait and see when that occurs. But it seems very logical to us that opening up access to individual investors to the returns of private assets and the benefits of diversification makes a ton of sense. And so I would guess, I don't know when, but I would guess this is going to come, and it does feel like it will be a large opportunity. I do think these 2 groups who we've created a strategic alliance with are excellent when it comes to liquid assets, both of them, both in fixed income and equities, and I think that offers a lot of potential. And of course, the fact that Blackstone has this slate of perpetual products at scale and the 401(k) market is a scale market and I think it will be a brand-focused high standard market. I think that positions us extremely well. But I wouldn't want to comment much beyond that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: I have a follow-up on the deployment question earlier. I think historically, one impediment particularly for PE has been that bank loan market sees up and delay, manager's ability to step in quickly. So do you think that is still the case? Or does private credit now having enough scale and dry powder to fill in that void and make it easier to step in quicker than in past drawdowns in that vein, is your direct lending business willing to step in now to fund other sponsors deal or still more in wait-and-see mode?
Jonathan Gray: That is a great last question, Patrick. It's absolutely -- oh, we've got one more after this. I was hoping to be done here. But anyway, I would say it's fundamentally different. As you know in the past, when you have volatility in public markets, high yield spreads and leverage loans would gap out and that's exactly what's happened. As a result, banks logically would say, "Hey, look, the pricing now for loans, 150 basis points wider plus I need additional flex." And that, of course, would make doing transactions too punitive. Both the cost of capital would go up and often the availability would go down. This time, because of the size and importance of private credit, you've seen things continue to move and so you've seen a number of deals announced, including several by us in our private credit area, where we financed and the pricing in private credit has not really moved materially at this point. And I would expect that private credit will continue to be there. It will be available to our private equity businesses to borrow money and then we'll provide it to other private equity firms. And I do think that is really a substantive difference from the way the world worked in the past, I think it's an improvement because it allows the cost of capital to stay reasonable in periods of dislocation. It allows transaction activity to continue. And I think it's part of the reason in the last few weeks, you've seen a number of announcements in a different environment, you just would not have seen that.
Michael Chae: And I'd just add to put a fine point on that, Patrick, it's Michael, that part of the essential proposition of private credit and direct lending, if they deliver certainty. Certainty of cost of capital without flex and on rates and so forth. And I think that will be transformational for the ability of the private equity M&A market to continue to function even in time and uncertainty.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler.
Crispin Love: And sorry, Jon, not quite done yet, but hopefully, this is the last one. How would you characterize the capital markets environment today just from your seat? Is the window shut on M&A and IPOs? Is it slightly open. And then what do you expect to drive a better or worse environment in the coming months? And can it change relatively quickly with the change in policy or even with policy changes, could still be delays just as uncertainty looms?
Jonathan Gray: I think it can change very quickly with policy changes. There's just a lot of underlying momentum. There was -- if you looked at our portfolio in the first quarter, if you looked at what was going on in M&A and IPOs, I think if we get back, as I said earlier, to Terra Firma, if this tariff diplomacy is resolved more quickly, I think you could see markets recover. And we've seen it in the past. And then you could see things open up again. I think I'd differentiate maybe different subsets of the capital markets. The IPO market, which is the most sensitive to market confidence and conditions that right now has probably been the most impacted and needs a better dynamic. As it relates to M&A, I would bifurcate it, I would say, strategics who may have been thinking of using their stocks are probably a little more cautious. Financial buyers with dedicated discretionary capital are still in the market. And to Patrick's earlier question, have access to direct lending. And so that area, we continue to see deals getting done. And so I think, to me, the key is -- do we get back to a place that's more stabilized, more -- less volatile, people have clarity more about the capital markets there's less risk about the economic outlook. And then I think you'll see people want to transact. We have been operating for the last 3 years, well below historic levels in terms of M&A and IPOs. And I don't think that is the permanent state of affairs. I think when we get back to better conditions, those things will improve. And as to your question about the current conditions, I'd say they've slowed, but this is not completely shut. The IPO is the one area where the conditions are probably the toughest.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Weston Tucker for any additional or closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 10:36:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Investor Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Katie, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's fourth quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the factors that could affect results, please see the risk factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. Quickly on results. We reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.3 billion. Distributable earnings were $2.2 billion or $1.69 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $1.44 per share, which will be paid to holders of record as of February 10. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you, Weston, and good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone just reported one of the best quarters in our history. Distributable earnings increased 56% year-over-year to $2.2 billion, as Weston mentioned, underpinned by record FRE. Our limited partners entrusted us with $57 billion of inflows just in the fourth quarter and $171 billion for the year, reflecting strong momentum with the institutional, insurance and private wealth channels. Of particular note, we raised $28 billion in private wealth in 2024, including $23 billion in the potential strategies, nearly double. We beat that nearly double what we raised from individuals in these strategies in the prior year. All signs point to further acceleration in 2025. After quarter end, in January, we raised an additional $3.7 billion for our private wealth perpetuals. We did the launch of our new infrastructure vehicles, representing a powerful affirmation of our unique position in this channel. We believe our $260 billion private wealth business is multiples the size of our next largest competitor. Largest single contributor to the firm's financial results in the fourth quarter was our dedicated infrastructure strategy, BIP, which generated $1.2 billion of fee revenues. BIP has delivered remarkable investment performance since inception only six years ago, including 17% net returns annually for the co-mingled strategy. This performance has fueled exceptional growth with AUM today of $55 billion, up 34% just in the past year alone. BIP anchors a broader infrastructure platform as a firm that exceeds $120 billion across equity, credit and [indiscernible]. In relatively short period of time, we've established one of the world's largest infrastructure business. Our success in this area is a powerful illustration of how we build an enduring leading business at Blackstone. It reflects the same blueprint for how we've been able to grow from $400,000 in startup capital in 1985 to more than $1.1 trillion of AUM today, the largest alternative asset manager in the world and why I believe we will continue to achieve strong growth in the future. It starts with innovation as a core competency of the firm as we're always working to identify the next paradigm shift in the market. We evaluate whether we can create something truly differentiated for our limited partners, but the opportunity can be scaled significantly. If we have the right team to lead it, drawing upon the firm's deep well of talent. Importantly, any new area also add to the firm's intellectual capital and create synergies with our other businesses to make the rest of the firm better. We have carefully considered infrastructure as a stand-alone business for a number of years. We've been investing successfully in energy infrastructure projects for over a decade, other private equity and credit funds, which along with our extraordinary real estate franchise made infrastructure natural extension as a new business line. In 2017, we saw a historic investment opportunity emerging in the U.S. and around the world, made the decision to launch a dedicated strategy. We identified a talented individual in our private equity energy area, our partner Sean Klimczak, to lead the new business. We began raising capital in 2018, supported by an anchor commitment from an important limited partner. Today, with $55 billion in outstanding investment performance, BIP has exceeded our initial and predictably very high expectations. The team has done an exceptional job portfolio construction focused on compelling thematic areas, including digital infrastructure, energy and power and critical transportation infrastructure. And we see enormous runway ahead, massive funding needs for projects globally mean there are more opportunities and available capital. We envision a growth path for our infrastructure business that parallels that of our real estate business, including geographic expansion, new client channels, moving across the capital structure and risk return spectrum. We started raising the European infrastructure perpetual vehicle last fall. And earlier this month, as I mentioned, launched a vehicle designed to give individual investors access to the full breadth of our infrastructure platform. Over time, we also see opportunities in Asia and the potential for sector-specific strategies. The growth of our infrastructure business was greatly helped by the other businesses at Blackstone and the firm's resources around the globe. These advantages include sourcing opportunities from and investing alongside our other funds. For example, BIP joined our real estate team in 2021 to privatize the QTS data center business, which has become the largest and fastest growing data center platform in the world. And now our leadership position in data centers is creating additional synergies across the firm, enabling us to address many new opportunities. And as BIP has continued to scale, it has in turn enhanced the firm's intellectual capital, relationships and deal flow, supporting our growth in other areas, including our $90 billion infrastructure and asset-based credit platform, our infrastructure Secondaries business and our dedicated energy and energy transition focused funds. And I'm pointing -- what I'm outlining this morning is just one compelling proof point of the power of the Blackstone platform. We designed the firm from the beginning to work this way with each business making the other stronger. This network effect sets Blackstone apart in the asset management area, underpins the strength of our brand, acts as an accelerant for the firm's overall growth. Our clients have a positive experience in one area. We're much more likely to invest in additional Blackstone products and support our expansion. Building things organic from the ground up, this challenging fix time involves upfront costs. However, we think our approach ultimately creates a stronger, more integrated firm as well as significant economic benefits as compared to a strategy focus acquisitions. And if reserves and perpetuates our unique culture, which is foundational for the firm's success. As we head into the new year, we're moving into an environment where we see consequential tailwinds for our overall business. Market participants have been focused recently to volatility in the U.S. treasury yields, reflecting persistent inflation concerns in the context of resilient U.S. economic growth as well as policy uncertainty. With respect to inflation, what we see based on our expansive portfolio and our proprietary data that the U.S. is continuing for the path of disinflation, albeit at a more moderate pace than before. The policy, where there are different factors to consider, I believe the direction of travel fundamentally is for policies that are pro-growth and pro-deregulation, which ultimately, it should be quite positive for our business. Closing, the power of Blackstone's platform will continue to drive us forward. Our positioning has never been stronger nor our prospects brighter. I couldn't be prouder of our people and their dedication to serving our investors. With that, turn the ball over to Jon. I will catch it.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. This was an outstanding quarter for Blackstone. Steve highlighted the power of our platform, and I'll take you through three areas where that power was on full display. First, our large-scale deployment; secondly, our continued momentum in credit and insurance; and third, the acceleration in our fundraising, including both private wealth and the institutional channel. Starting with deployment. Over the past 12 months, we've been talking about a strengthening transaction environment and our desire to invest significant capital in anticipation of improving markets. We're pleased to say that we deployed $134 billion in 2024, up 81% year-over-year, planting the seeds of future value of what we believe is a favorable time. The combination of a healthy U.S. economy, historically tight financing spreads, greater debt availability, the prospects of a more business-friendly regulatory climate and importantly, accelerating technological innovations have given us confidence to deploy capital at scale. We invested or committed $62 billion in Q4, our most active pace in 2.5 years. New commitments in the quarter included fast-growing franchise business and very tasty Jersey Mikes, the privatization of a grocery-anchored retail REIT, our third cake [ph] private and real estate in 2024. And a luxury mixed-use complex in Tokyo, representing the largest ever real estate transaction in the country by a non-Japanese investor. In credit, we reported record deployment for both the quarter and full year, including a $3.5 billion financing for EQT Corp, 1 of the largest natural gas producers in the United States. This venture is an excellent illustration of the scale of what we're doing today in the investment-grade private credit space and our position as a trusted solutions provider to many of the world's leading corporations. We leveraged the full breadth of our platform to design a custom solution across the capital structure for the borrowers secured by the long-term contractual cash flows of their critical pipeline infrastructure. For our clients, we provided access to a high-quality, directly originated investment and we executed the transaction, as always, without taking on balance sheet risk. We see a significant opportunity for more corporate partnerships over time, given the scale of our platform and our reputation. Stepping back, our credit insurance business continues to see huge momentum following a remarkable 2024. We built a private credit juggernaut and the largest third-party business of its kind in the world, with over $450 billion of total assets across corporate and real estate credit. Inflows for the combined platform exceeded $100 billion in 2024, comprising 60% of the firm's total inflows. Our non-investment grade private credit and real estate credit drawdown strategies appreciated 16% and 18%, respectively, for the year. These are extraordinary results for performing credit underpinning robust investor interest in these areas. We're also seeing strong traction for our investment-grade private credit offerings, as I noted, and now manage over $100 billion in that area, up nearly 40% year-over-year, virtually all on behalf of insurance clients, but we are now seeing receptivity from pensions and other LPs as well. In the insurance channel specifically, our business has reached nearly $230 billion, up 19% year-over-year, invested across IG private credit liquid credit and other strategies. Today, we have 23 SMA clients in addition to our 4 large strategic relationships, replaced or originated $46 billion of A minus rated credits on average for our private IG focused clients in 2024, up 38% year-over-year which generated nearly 200 basis points of excess spread over comparably rated liquid credits. We've achieved these results while remaining true to our capital like brand-heavy open architecture model designed to serve a multitude of insurance clients without taking on any liabilities. Resolution Life, one of our four strategic relationships is a perfect validation of our model. Last month, Nippon Life, the largest Japanese life insurer and an existing resolution shareholder announced it would acquire the remainder of the company it didn't already own at a $10.6 billion valuation. Blackstone had taken a small 6% stake in resolution in 2023, alongside other limited partners in connection with becoming the company's asset manager for private and structured credit. Nippon's investment will monetize our stake, deliver an attractive gain to our limited partners and the firm all while positioning resolution to accelerate growth under an extremely well-capitalized and capable parent. Importantly, we will remain resolutions investment manager going forward and we are excited to partner with Nippon on this next stage of the company's development. Turning to private wealth, where our momentum accelerated significantly in 2024. 2025 is also off to a terrific start. We are uniquely positioned in the wealth channel, given the breadth of our product lineup, our performance and the power of our brand. Sales in the channel exceeded $28 billion in 2024, as Steve noted. BCRED led the way raising over $12 billion for the year, driving 36% year-over-year growth in NAV. Our private equity strategy, DXP has already grown to over $8 billion in its first year, including January sales. And for BREIT, flows trended favorably with net repurchase requests in December, down 97% from the peak. We raised an additional $3.7 billion for the private wealth perpetuals in January, as Steve highlighted, marking their best month of fundraising from individuals in over two and half years. This included more than $1 billion each from BCRED, BXPE and our new infrastructure strategy. The launch of the infrastructure strategy marked the largest ever first close for a vehicle of its kind and was 5x to 6x the size of competitors' product launches. To give you the sense of the strength of our brand in this channel, over 90% of advisers who allocated to this strategy had previously allocated to another Blackstone perpetual vehicle and over 50% allocated to all four of our perpetual flagships. BREIT's exceptional performance, 9.5% net annual return since inception for its largest share class to a real estate superstorm has helped us here a lot. We're now in the process of launching our multi-asset credit product, as discussed previously, targeting the first half of this year. We see enormous opportunity ahead in the $85 trillion private wealth market. Our drawdown fund area is also benefiting from robust client engagement today with the tenor of discussions feeling far better than it had in several years. We held major things in Q4 for our real estate credit flagship, bringing it to $7.1 billion so far. European real estate, which has raised $9.5 billion to date and our private equity energy transition strategy, which has raised $5.2 billion, all of which will soon complete fundraising. We raised additional capital for our opportunistic credit strategy, bringing it to over $4 billion and held initial closings of 1.6 billion for our new Life Sciences flagship, targeting at least the size of the prior $5 billion fund. We will also soon begin raising the new vintages of a number of other highly successful strategies including private equity Asia, for which we expect very significant closings in the coming months, along with private equity Secondaries, GP stakes and tactical opportunities. Overall, the fundraising outlook is quite positive for the firm. Investor affinity for Blackstone is as high today as ever, and it all ties back to investment performance. As you'll hear from Michael in a moment, we again reported strong returns across nearly every area of the firm in the fourth quarter. Our LPs have benefited significantly from the way we've positioned the firm and their capital, including building the largest third-party credit complex, the largest data center business, one of the largest energy infrastructure platforms in a leading life science business and what we believe is the largest alternatives platform in India. These areas have continued to outperform, and we believe will drive outstanding future results for our clients as well. In real estate, however, our equity-oriented funds were down in the fourth quarter as the portfolio absorbed the 80 basis point increase in the 10-year treasury yield and our non-U.S. holdage were also impacted by the stronger U.S. dollar. We wouldn't expect to see a move of this magnitude in treasury yields going forward given the underlying inflation data. And while disappointing in the near term, our portfolio is in excellent shape with cash flows growing solidly overall across virtually all our real estate strategies. One year ago, we said that real estate values were bottoming, but that the recovery would take time and was unlikely to be the shape. That's exactly what happened. We remain firm believers that a sustained commercial real estate recovery is underway. Debt markets have vastly improved as borrowing spreads tightened by approximately 50% from the 2023 wise and CMBS issuance was up nearly threefold in 2024. At the same time, new construction starts are down dramatically from virtually all types of real estate, including by two thirds from '22 levels in U.S. logistics and apartments, our largest sectors. Meanwhile, demand is resilient with the potential for acceleration in the context of a stronger U.S. economy. Given our conviction, we deployed 25 billion in real estate in 2024, up nearly 70% year-over-year, and we expect to continue to deploy at scale. Real estate is a cyclical asset class that has been through a cyclical downturn. And we believe Blackstone is the best positioned firm in the world to benefit from the recovery. In closing, the firm is in terrific shape by any measure. We expect to achieve great things on behalf of all of our investors. And with that, I will turn things over to Michael Chae.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results represented an exceptional finish to an outstanding year, and we entered 2025 in a position of significant strength. I'll first review financial results and will then discuss investment performance and the outlook. Starting with results. We reported the best quarter of fee-related earnings in the firm's history and one of the two best quarters of distributable earnings. We saw the full benefit of multiple drawdown funds that were activated throughout the year, Key perpetual strategies continue to scale significantly, including the very notable contribution from the BIP infrastructure business, and we believe net realizations have begun to move off cyclical lows. First, with respect to fee-related earnings. In the fourth quarter, FRE grew a remarkable 76% year-over-year to a record $1.8 billion or $1.50 per share. Management fees rose 12% to a record $1.9 billion, including the 60th straight quarter of year-over-year base management fee growth at the firm. We activated the investment period for multiple major drawdown funds in 2024, which contributed full fees in Q4. Alongside that, key perpetual strategies, BIP, BCRED and BXPE continue to grow in scale and contribution to the firm's financials with their combined NAV up nearly 50% year-over-year. Fee-related performance revenues increased more than eightfold year-over-year in Q4 to $1.4 billion, driven by BIP's major scheduled crystallization event with respect to 3 years of substantial accrued gains, BXPE's first significant crystallization event with respect to full year 2024 gains and the steadily growing contribution for BCRED and our direct lending platform overall with a 47% year-over-year increase in these revenues for the credit insurance segment. In terms of distributable earnings, DE grew 56% year-over-year to $2.2 billion in the fourth quarter or $1.69 per common share. In addition to the strong growth in FRE, net realizations increased 42% year-over-year to $601 million, the highest level in 10 quarters. We executed a number of realizations across both the public and private portfolios in the quarter, concentrated in corporate private equity. These included the sale of public energy positions along with the IPO and sale of a portion of our stock in an India-based company at a multiple of invested capital of over 5x with the stock trading up further since then. In addition, our multi-asset investing segment, BXMA, generated outstanding investment performance in 2024, including the best year for the absolute return composite in 15 years. The BXMA crystallized incentive fees for most of its open-ended strategies annually in Q4, and the segment's performance revenues increased 144% year-over-year to $338 million. Now turning to the full year. The firm delivered strong results amid a complex external environment in 2024 with robust growth across all key financial and operating metrics. Distributable earnings grew 18% to $6 billion. Fee-related earnings increased 21% to a full year record of $5.3 billion. Net realizations rose 12% to $1.4 billion, supported by the strong performance in BXMA and yet another example of the benefits of our diverse business mix. Firm's expansive breadth of growth engines lifted total AUM up 8% to more than $1.1 trillion, another record, with $171 billion of inflows for the year. Inflows deployment and overall fund appreciation all accelerated meaningfully in 2024 expanding the foundation of future value. We achieved these results against a backdrop where the market for large-scale realizations was very challenged for much of the year and the significant underlying earnings power of our real estate business has yet to reemerge, reflecting the breadth and power of our platform that Steve and Jon described. Moving to investment performance. The firm delivered strong returns in almost every area in the fourth quarter. Our corporate private equity funds appreciated 4.9% and 17% for the full year. Our operating companies overall reported stable mid-single-digit year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter, along with continued notable margin strength. Our infrastructure business reported 4.8% appreciation in the fourth quarter and 21% for the year. In credit, our non-investment grade private credit strategies generated a gross return of 3.1% in the fourth quarter and 16% for 2024. We continue to see resilient fundamentals across the credit portfolio and the LTM default rate across our 2,000-plus non-investment-grade credits remained under 50 basis points. BXMA reported a 3.7% gross return for the absolute return composite, the 19th consecutive quarter of positive performance and 13% for the year. BXMA has generated compelling all-weather returns in liquid markets, helping to insulate our LPs from the volatility of the past several years. Indeed, since the start of 2021, BXMA's cumulative absolute return composite, net of fees is 34% or nearly double the traditional 60-40 portfolio. In real estate, the opportunistic funds declined 5.1% in the fourth quarter and 4% for the full year, while the core plus funds declined 0.8% in the quarter and were stable for the year. As Jon discussed, the fourth quarter was impacted by the sharp increase in treasury yields and the stronger U.S. dollar. Outside of our major reported business lines, the growth and performance of other key strategies further highlights the firm's ability to innovate and build businesses. Our dedicated life sciences platform delivered standout performance in 2024, with the funds appreciating 11.3% in the fourth quarter and 33% for the full year, driven by the achievement of positive milestones for multiple treatments under development. Our real estate credit high-yield drawdown funds appreciated 4.4% in Q4 and 18% for the year, underpinned by resilient credit performance in its real estate loan portfolio. And our GP Stakes business appreciated 4.1% in the fourth quarter and 28% for the year, reflecting its focus on top-performing managers in private markets. The resiliency and strength of the firm's investment performance continues to power our growth. Turning to the outlook. The firm is advancing with strong momentum across multiple drivers. First, in our drawdown fund area. In 2025, we will see the full year benefit from funds that were activated throughout 2024. Second, our platform and perpetual strategies has continued to expand overall now comprising 46% of the firm's fee-earning AUM, setting a higher baseline for management fees as we enter 2025. In addition, BXPE is now eligible to generate fee-related performance revenues on a quarterly basis and our infrastructure strategy for individual investors in its first year will be eligible in Q4 of 2025 with respect to full year 2025 games. And while BIP's significant Q4 crystallization event will not recur in 2025, we do expect smaller crystallizations periodically starting in the second quarter of this year. Third, there is significant underlying momentum in our credit insurance business, as you've heard this morning. Segments FRE and DE grew 26% and 24%, respectively, in 2024 and with robust inflows and record deployment, the business is exceptionally well positioned to deliver strong financial performance again in 2025. Finally, with respect to realizations, we see a much more constructive environment for realizations in 2025. In the near term, we would expect disposition activity to be concentrated in our private equity strategies, as real estate exit markets strengthen over time and for overall activity levels to be meaningfully higher in the second half of the year. Meanwhile, net accrued performance revenue on the firm's balance sheet stood at $6.3 billion at year-end or $5.14 per share. And performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground reached a record $561 billion. These are strong indicators of our future realization potential. In closing, we are highly confident in the multiyear picture of growth at Blackstone. The power of our platform has driven extraordinary results for our investors, and we believe it will continue to do so in the future. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning. Jon, I was hoping you could expand on some of the fundamentals you're seeing in the real estate market that gives you the confidence on the recovery. And while the recovery has been slow, as you highlighted in 2024, how do you see that ramping in terms of 2025?
Jon Gray: Good question. I would say when we think about the conditions for real estate recovery, you look for a number of things. First, you obviously want demand which is tied to economic growth. And we've got a pretty healthy U.S. economy, which leads to demand for logistics and apartments and hotels. So I think if the economy accelerates further, that's certainly a positive. Then, of course, supply, which I think is the key element here. We've seen a decline from 3%-plus new supply starts back in 2022 in logistics and rental housing, our biggest areas. That's declined now to 1%, so a two-third decline, which is very helpful. So we think cash flows as we move over time will be pretty good. They actually have been strong throughout this challenging period the last few years, which really hit real estate, of course, has been the cost of capital. And there, what we see is spreads have tightened quite a bit. Sort of overall borrowing costs have gone from, say, 9% to 6%. That's obviously helpful. And the availability of capital has improved. So CMBS last year was up threefold, and that's obviously very important for transaction activity. In the near term, that 80 basis point move, as you saw in our numbers, obviously had a negative impact but that's now been absorbed by the market. And so I think the combination of favorable cash flows and probably a more stable rate environment going forward gets us on this path. Ultimately, hard assets have to revert to replacement costs. With a growing economy, you need more real estate. And so rents and ultimately values have to grow. So the path of travel is clear, the slope may be a little different, but the reason we're leaning in is because we see that we're firmly on this recovery path for real estate.
Dan Fannon: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Steve and Jon. Hope you are both doing well. We wanted to circle back on Michael's monetization commentary and the expected ramp in transaction activity. Blackstone is still a net buyer of assets, but given the macro setup, with the high stock market valuations and anticipated rise in IPOs, when do you expect to inflect and be a net seller of assets in corporate private equity? And then on Michael's prepared comments again, how far behind is the real estate cycle relative to private equity?
Jon Gray: Craig, I think a few things. The environment is clearly here getting better. Again, the strength of the economy, the health of the equity market, the S&P being up 60%, the IPO market, the pipeline for IPOs now is double where it was a year ago. Those are very constructive facts. We think large profitable companies can go public, the debt markets improving, certainly helpful both investment grade and high-yield spreads are basically at record types. Base rates are still a bit elevated, but the debt market is very constructive. We've got a regulatory climate for M&A that is far better for us. Strategics can now start to buy again and some of those dialogues are picking up. And then you do have this sort of desire for people to get transactions after three years being on the sidelines. So we sort of see the ingredients for a very positive M&A cycle coming together. We did see a little bit of a slowdown in the fourth quarter given the election and some volatility around rates. But I think it's going to build during the year. To your question and Michael's comments, private equity is definitely going to be stronger. I think there, we have a number of things where we'll see realizations earlier on. Real estate, we need this recovery to take a little more time. So we see that as more back half of the year, certainly not at the beginning of the year just given the nature of that market healing over time. So overall, I think a better environment certainly in '25 and '24, but more back-end weighted and first half of the year, definitely more private equity focused.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning. Just a question on AI and data centers. Just curious how you're thinking about the evolving investment opportunity around AI, particularly in the infrastructure layer with data centers and power. We've seen a lot of capital flow into the space, and you guys at Blackstone have been quite active in this space in particular. But just given some of the recent developments, for example, like with DeepSeek over the weekend that suggests that AI models maybe could be a bit less capital and energy intensive. Just curious how attractive do you see the infrastructure layer here moving forward? How much more capital investment do you guys see needed across the industry? And how are you thinking about potential shifts for investment opportunities across into the application layer?
Jon Gray: So Mike, we've obviously been spending a lot of time the last week looking at the impact of DeepSeek. I'd start with our data center business, which is the largest in the world. We have $80 billion of leased data centers. The good news in that business is these are long-term leased data centers with some of the biggest companies in the world. And we do not build data center speculatively anywhere in the world. So we have a very prudent approach when we think about data centers. The real question and the heart of your question is what is demand going forward? And on that front, we would echo what you're hearing, I think, from a lot of commentators, which is the cost of compute is coming down pretty dramatically. But at the same time, that's going to lead to more usage to more adoption. And so what does that mean for the physical infrastructure side? I'd go to the calls last night for both Meta and Microsoft they talked about the importance of physical infrastructure. Mark Zuckerberg said that he thought it was a strategic advantage for them, but they did acknowledge that some of this may need to be more fungible. Maybe there's a little less training that's done as a result of less intensity, but at the same time, there's more inference, maybe there's more cloud, maybe there's more to do with enterprise. So we have a sense in talking to our clients also that there's a belief as usage goes up significantly, there's still a vital need for data centers. The form of that use may change. And related to that, power usage, we think will continue because our lives are migrating online in all these questions, there'll be even more questions coming even if the amount of power used on an individual question goes down. So we still think there's a vital need for physical infrastructure, data centers and power. Some of it may change. And the good news for our investors is we're not doing things speculatively. It's based on the demand signals from our tenants. That's when we go out and spend the big dollars to build these things. So we still think it's a very important segment, and there's a way to run. But obviously, we're watching what's happening very closely.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Maybe a question on BXPE the last few quarters have been in a healthy $1 billion to $2 billion zone in terms of quarterly fundraising. I guess, first, can you remind us where you're at in terms of distribution of the product, whether that's number of platforms or international breadth and what the runway looks like to expand that. And then with respect to the $1 billion to $2 billion quarterly inflow range, is that the pace that you are really comfortable growing the type of product or now with having some investment track record and entering the second year of the product, is there comfort in ramping the flows above that $1 billion to $2 billion quarterly pace if there is demand?
Jon Gray: Well, we've been steadily building out our partnerships distributors on BXPE. This is always the way you start with a smaller number as you work your way through the first two or three years, you steadily expand within the United States and geographically we're on that path. I don't know if we quote exactly how many distributors we use, but the number continues to grow. We've had some good success in places like Canada recently, the key for these products is investment performance. And BXPE did a terrific job, the first year. And the first year is the hardest year because you're just getting the product started. You don't have existing assets you're going from a standing start. We delivered very strong performance. And it really speaks to, I think, the unique scale we have. We have obviously large-scale corporate private equity. We do it in the U.S., Europe and Asia. We've got core private equity, tactical opportunities. We've got growth, we've got life sciences, we've got Secondaries. The breadth of that platform has allowed us to deploy the capital real time. In terms of where we go from here, we had a terrific month in terms of fundraising for BXPE in January. But I think it will be driven by performance. We have the capabilities to deploy more at scale. I feel great confidence at that. I just think it's -- we deliver performance, we deliver for the clients they're going to get more and more comfortable. We're going to open with more distributors and the product will continue to grow. We've done this in the past with both BREIT and BCRED. We think this is a similar model. But again, we've got to deliver for the customers. We've got to deploy the capital. I've got a lot of confidence in those areas. And given our strength in the channel and our brand strength, it's really powerful. I mean the fact that 50% of our financial advisors who invested in BXINFRA are invested in all four of our products just speaks to that powerful network effect. And financial advisors and their underlying clients know and trust the Blackstone name and that is so important. And so we're dedicated to delivering for them. If we do that, this can grow a lot just like our other products in this space.
Kyle Voigt: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz : Okay, thank you very much for the commentary. You didn't talk at all about retirement. I know it's an area that the whole industry is incrementally focused on, but you did mention the perhaps a more favorable regulatory backdrop. How do you see the evolution of the commentary coming out of your conversations with the regulators as that takes shape into 2025 on the Trump administration, what should we be looking for, for that opportunity set to potentially open up from a real estate perspective?
Jon Gray: Well, I guess where we start is the way the defined contributions and retirement business has evolved. And I do think it's created a bit of a have-not environment. So if you think about it, wealthy individuals are able to access our products through financial advisors and get the benefit of strong long-term returns and compounding. If you were an employee at a major corporate pre-2005, you probably have the benefit of pension fund where people are working hard every day to deliver these returns, allocating to alternatives. If you work at a state pension fund today, you also are getting that same benefit. But for the vast majority of private sector workers in the United States, they are giving a 401(k) plan where because of the litigation environment, they basically focus on the lowest fees and it's not about long-term performance. And it would seem highly logical to us that at some point in for instance, target date funds with the right gatekeepers and controls, picking the right managers that you would put private assets into this marketplace. So individual investors, all individual investors could get the benefit for retirement. And when you think about who should be in the position to do that, if the regulation changes Blackstone given our brand, our performance, the breadth of what we've done and the range of perpetual products we've created, we seem to be uniquely positioned. So I think this will happen. It's a question of when. And when it does, as I said, I think we'll be in a good spot. It certainly seems logical given the way the market's developed over time, and we really wanted to democratize access to these products into higher returns, so people can generate more for their retirement.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Kaimon Chung: This is Kaimon Chung in for Glenn Schorr. Some of the insurance companies seem to be looking to do more on their own in private markets. I'm just curious what you're seeing and your expectations of further growth with your insurance partnerships. And also I heard your comments about Nippon Life. Just want to get more thoughts on the growth opportunities for insurance and credit in Asia? And what else are you doing in that region?
Jon Gray: Well, I think the biggest change that we've seen in the insurance industry over the last few years is that moving beyond just commercial mortgages into broader private investment-grade credit has gone from something people saw a novelty to a necessity. And so I think now if you're competing in the annuity space, certainly in the life space, even the P&C companies now are looking at this that if you can get comparably rated A- credits and get 200 basis points higher spread, that makes you more competitive with your sales organization. And what we're seeing across the landscape is an embracing of this model where they move a greater percentage of their assets into private investment-grade credit. And for us, the reason we're up nearly 20%, we're at $230 billion in insurance is because of this dynamic. And I would say the number of conversations, the scale of the conversations, it seems to be accelerating. And the other comment I would make is the fact that we have an open architecture model. We are not an insurance company ourselves with hundreds of billions of liabilities. We are not out there selling these products. We're just a third-party manager, the way the liquid managers used to manage liquid credit and still do on behalf of insurers. They see us as an attractive place to allocate capital. We're trusted. And the scale is really important because no insurer wants too much concentration given their important risk aversion. They need diversification. So what we're finding is there's a desire to talk to us on a larger strategic basis. We've got four of those clients. We now have 23 SMA clients, which is up 3% from where we were at the end of last quarter. This feels like it's going to continue to grow. It's obviously started in the U.S. You referenced Nippon Life, which is a terrific company we've seen Asian insurers who are also open to this idea. So I think there's opportunity there. There's select opportunity in Europe as well. The key again is do we deliver performance? Can we deliver them higher returns at the same or lower risk? We believe we can. And as we continue to scale up with our origination capabilities, being able to speak for larger transactions like we did this $3.5 billion EQT transaction in the midstream space that's going to put us in a better and better spot. So I think you will see this business continue to grow in a material way. And as an aside, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're also seeing interest in investment-grade private credit now from some of our pension and sovereign wealth funds. It's very early days, but it feels like that's going to grow in momentum. But overall, insurance feels like an area where we're going to see a lot of growth in the years ahead, particularly at Blackstone.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for the question. So staying on credit for a second, really strong fundraising across the platform, and it was really well balanced, which is obviously great to see as well. Can you give us a sense of the amount of capital that's sitting on the platform now that's not earning fees yet that will turn on upon deployment? And I guess, in that context, can you talk a little bit about your expectations for credit deployment over the next 12 months or so? And including maybe some of the partnerships, Jon, that you highlighted earlier, I think you said that you've expanded or trying to expand more corporate partnerships in that part of the business?
Jon Gray: Well, as the business grows and broadens, as we continue to move beyond it started, as you know, more opportunistic direct lending. But as we move into this asset-based area, where the penetration from us and the industry is very small, we think this is going to grow a lot. And I think you'll see us partnering more and more with banks oftentimes on a white label basis where there may not be a big announcement, but they want to move some things off their balance sheets as they want to try to drive higher ROEs we just see -- we see a lot of these corporate solutions transactions like EQT, I think we'll see more and more of those. I see investment pace growing basically with the capital that's coming in. And it's not different than direct lending or opportunistic, which is obviously very tied to transaction activity. What's nice about the private investment grade and the ABF, it's really just tied to the basic economy. It's tied to things like consumer finance and rail car finance and a bunch of fundamental things in commercial residential real estate that are just the essence nuts and bolts to the U.S. economy. So as capital comes in, I see this continuing to ramp up. We're not going to put a percentage number, but I would expect that it will keep up with the inflows. Michael, you have the specifics.
Michael Chae: Yes, Alex, it's Michael. Out of our AUM base 375 in BXE, total AUM, 265 fee earning AUM, about $40 billion is not yet -- is eligible for management fees and not yet earning it, to put it in perspective. And there's another $9 billion or so in the bread's business within real estate.
Alex Blostein: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just to, Michael, on the FRE margin outlook for '25. Just you're highly likely to get back to solid double-digit base fee growth, not even considering FRPR. So just wondering what your outlook for the FRE margin might be in '25, even just not even considering fee-related performance revenue. And then I guess on top of that, I mean that can certainly create a lot of delta to the margin given the compensation on performance -- fee related performance revenue, but then I guess if that creates a lot of uncertainty into that outlook, to what extent is that compensation fungible across the firm so that you can, therefore, scale that margin and improve that this year versus last year?
Michael Chae: Brian. So I'll just step back on the question margins. You've heard me -- I reminded you this before, but I'll say it again, it's early in the year, so we don't want to get too granular. And as always we encourage you to look at it on a full year basis. We did throughout your last year. I think that approach hopefully was validated when you look at the full year performance. There are different variables to consider. You've touched on at least one. But I'd just start by saying we continue to feel really good about our margin position fundamentally. And again, the idea of margin stability as a starting point at the beginning of the year. A few items I'll just note in terms of those variables. First and you hit this on management fees and OpEx in terms of baseline. So on management fees, we have this embedded ramp, the full year benefit in '25 in flagship vehicles activated in 2024. So that lifted our base management fees in the fourth quarter. It's 10% year-over-year after more like single-digit growth throughout the course of the year. And we consider that growth rate a reasonable starting point as we enter 2025. And at the same time on the OpEx side and I think we talked about this in prior quarters. And we talked about, I think, the third quarter, how we saw in the fourth quarter, it would come in, in that low double-digit area and that was sort of a better run rate. We came in at 11% in the fourth quarter. And again, I would say that is a good starting point as we enter 2025. So to your point, that relationship between management fee growth stepping up from last -- from 2024 and the OpEx growth I think is a good thing. Second, as we've said before, there is a level of sensitivity to fee-related performance revenues as core plus and BREIT FRPR as we call them, generally carry higher incremental margin as these are direct lending platform. So that is of note. To your question, we do manage compensation ultimately holistically across the firm. So that's in play, but I think it is worth noting that sensitivity. And then third as you heard this morning, we continue to build out a number of really significant new initiatives which are in investment mode today, but will be meaningfully additive over time. So we are investing to grow and scale these new products, these new platforms to very significant ultimate profitability, but we are investing to do that in real time. So I'd just say those are some of the ultimate pillars around this. But again, stepping back, we've got a robust underlying margin position, multiple engines of growth and ultimately a high degree of control, we feel over our cost structure and this ability to scale products is the key over time. So whether it's in the private wealth space or any other space being subscale does not lead to, I think compelling profitability, but we approach it a little differently.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Brown with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Brown: Okay. Great. Good morning everyone. I wanted to ask on the new multi-asset credit fund that is set to launch. I think you said in the first half of this year. I'm just hoping to compare and contrast that fund versus BCRED. So the new fund will invest across a variety of credit strategies. So it sounds like it's kind of like a broad exposure to your credit business. Curious how that will be kind of marketed just to ensure it doesn't cannibalize BCRED. And then given it's an interval fund, does that mean it has potential to be kind of distributed differently into a wider array of distributors?
Jon Gray: Well, I'm looking at my General Counsel and how I can answer this question. What I would say is the product will have the breadth what we do in credit as opposed to just direct lending and have a piece of that, but a bunch of other things we obviously do it this firm related to asset-backed finance and real estate finance things on a global basis. So -- and it will be in a different structure that we believe will be more accessible to investors, but I don't think there's much more I could say about this.
Mike Brown: Okay, well, thank you for that call. Thank you, Jon.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of questions on FRPR, specifically within credit, one on the fourth quarter and then one more forward-looking. So a nice uplift here in the quarter. Is it possible to quantify what impact you saw from spread tightening working through the FRPR line here this quarter? And then how should we think about -- on a forward-looking basis, how should we think about the impact of base rates and tighter spreads on excess return and therefore FRPR generation going forward?
Jon Gray: I would just say -- I'll leave Michael some of the technical answers here. I would just say that there has been some of the excess spread coming out of the credit business really over the last 18 months. You've seen it broadly across investment grade, non-investment grade credit spreads have been tightening. We've seen base rates come down. But our vehicles, as you've seen in the numbers have continued to produce very strong results. And I think the key thing to remember for investors is, yes, they may not be able to produce mid-teens returns in private credit on a go-forward basis, but the relative returns and the spread premium to fixed income to liquid fixed income is continuing to endure. And so that's what gives us a lot of confidence that we'll continue to generate favorable returns for our customers is that this farm-to-table model we have, where we bring investors right up to borrowers and avoid those origination distribution, securitization costs. That's going to continue and that's why we think this private credit area has so much room to run, both noninvestment-grade and investment-grade. But yes, the overall level of yields are coming down as spreads are tightening, but I think this bigger trend is really the key to the growth of that business.
Michael Chae: And Brennan on the math, I'll just say that approximate math is across our current BCRED platform that a 50 basis point decline in base rates impacts our fee-related performance revenues on a run rate basis by about 4%. It's like a low single-digit number. And we obviously absorbed that in more in the last 12 months and purpose overall in BCRED grew at 18%. So through the NAV appreciation, through the growth in inflows, that's been the net of that.
Brennan Hawken: Great. And spread tightening, did that have an impact in 4Q?
Jon Gray: Spread tightening. I mean most of what we have is floating rate. So spread tightening generally doesn't credit quality is, frankly, more important because you don't have a lot that trades above par. So I don't think spread tightening was a big driver of what you're seeing.
Brennan Hawken: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. I wanted to dig a bit deeper into the big four insurance relationships, if I could. So maybe setting the stage of the 230 billion you called out a couple of times in insurance assets, about how much come from the Big 4. As we think about '25, what are the contractual commitment obligations expected from the Big 4? And then lastly, given the acquisition of resolution by Nippon Life, you mentioned, I think, that the IMA remains intact. Does the transaction impact the remainder of the 60 billion of resolution flows expected over the next few years?
Michael Chae: Great. Ken, it's Michael. I'll start with your first question on the numbers. We -- at the end of '24 across the Big 4, we had 156 billion of AUM.
Jon Gray: And what I would say is, I think in virtually every one of our situations, we've been allocated more capital than what was in there, faster than what was in there contractually that our partners here are extremely pleased with what we've been doing. So the relationship with Corebridge is rock solid, with Resolution, with Fidelity Guaranty and with Everlake, the former Allstate Life & Retirement business. And what I think is interesting is by making these vehicles more competitive with our work, they're going to continue to grow. And I think having resolution now owned by Nippon with their capital and their expertise this, I think will be a very good development in terms of the future. So we view these partnerships and our model is very powerful. As you're seeing in resolution, we'll return that capital. I think it's a good example of what we're doing. We use capital at the beginning of these partnerships. We did back with Fidelity Guaranty. We ultimately recycle that capital and we continue to stay with these partners long term as they grow their asset bases and we make them more competitive. And so we think this strategic partnership model is working extremely well. We see a bright future for it. We are really -- will continue to be the dedicated asset manager for these folks. And as we've talked about before, we're not going to do it by taking on insurance liabilities and everything that comes with this. For us, our partners are greatly appreciative of what we're doing and I actually see accelerating growth with our strategic partners, given what we're delivering for them and their ambitions.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning. Wanted to ask a question on BREIT. The second derivative on BREIT growth in net flows appears to be improving. That being said, given stickier rates at the long end. Just wanted to better understand the catalyst for retail allocations into BREIT to increase from here, what the feedback has been from retail partners? And how do you see BREIT flows evolving over the medium term relative to history, given your outlook?
Jon Gray: Look, it's all tied to performance. I think we did an excellent job navigating the difficult period for real estate, providing liquidity to customers we've been providing now full liquidity in the last 11 months. We've seen this 97% decline in net redemptions. And I think the key to your question is, when does this turn on and become a growth vehicle? And I would tie it to performance once BREIT starts showing good performance, the customers have had a good experience. And so what they're waiting to see is a few months of positive NAV growth in a meaningful direction. And I think if that happens, then we'll begin to see it. It may take a little bit of time, but we think it will build. And when you look at what BREIT owns, the fact that it has got this terrific rental housing portfolio where there's a structural shortage in the U.S., it's got a terrific exposure to logistics where, of course, the movement to e-commerce continues, and now there's a reshoring underway. And then the data centers, which have been very important in the last few years in terms of adding value to BREIT, all of that and the geography in the South and Southwest of the United States, all of that gives us confidence. But I think from the investor standpoint, they want to see a steady number of months of solid performance we believe that as we get rates to settle in here and we see the continued growth in cash flow, interestingly, BREIT last year was up 4% in same-store NOI. As cash flow continues to grow, rate settles out, there's this lack of new supply. We think BREIT will, again, at some point here, become a growth vehicle. And we've got to remember the customers have had a very good experience here. They have a lot of confidence in Blackstone and Blackstone real estate. But I do think you're going to need to see that before you really start to see an acceleration.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: Hi. Good morning, and thank you for taking the question. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the trajectory -- the potential trajectory for BIP, FRPR. I understand you said that I think they should start to pick up in Q2. But as we sort of look back over the last several years, there's been a not in substantial amount of fundraising quarterly since the beginning of 2022. So just curious if there's anything else you can share in terms of what of FRPR looks like, just given the size of that fundraising and the performance? And any other nuances we should be aware of around the FRPR margin side? It seemed like that came in maybe a little better than expected, but -- it has to do perhaps with the timing of BXPE, I'm wondering if we could see something like that next -- this year in Q4?
Jon Gray: I would just say and then hand it to Michael that the momentum in our BIP, our infrastructure business is extraordinary. When you deliver 17% net in an open-ended format where the capital is invested in the ground and you build up the kind of portfolio they have in digital infrastructure, in power and energy and in transportation. You have a lot of happy customers. And so the fundraising momentum there continues to be quite strong, exactly as Steve laid out in his remarks, Michael, I'll hand it to you.
Michael Chae: And then on sort of the sequencing of incentives from here. As I mentioned in my remarks, in Q2, we will realize a more modest but a material amount of incentive fees. And so you can expect in the next 4 quarters in 2025, you won't see infrastructure incentive fees and FRPRs in the first and fourth quarter, you'll see a modest amount in the second and the third quarter. As we talked about margins on that, we sort of gave this a forward look last year that given the development mode we're in on at the effective FRPR margin for infrastructure would be a bit lower than the overall firm. And that was the case obviously, on very big dollars. So that was a happy event. And I think in terms of -- looking ahead to Q4 this year versus Q4 this year and what was or wasn't anticipated, not a lot of color to go on.
Ben Budish: Understood, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you. I know there's still a lot of uncertainty on the direction of the new administration's policies, but sure you guys have been running different scenarios internally, like others have said they are. So through that lens, curious if you have any initial thoughts on how the in-ground portfolio could be impacted either positively or negatively by more significant tariffs or a trade war. And within that theme, more specifically, give us an update on the invested capital exposure to Europe, Asia and then specifically China?
Glenn Schorr: So what I'd say at the headline level, Patrick, is we don't have a lot of businesses who export physical goods at scale to the United States. So I think that's obviously the area at most risk. The other thing I would say is, I think we got to wait and see where this settles. Clearly, tariffs are going to be higher, but we don't know which countries, which industries and what the level is, and there seems to be a lot of negotiation. This tariff diplomacy as we saw in Colombia a week ago, can move pretty dramatically in a short period of time. So, I think we have to wait and watch. The good news overall for us is very few of our businesses are really reliant on exporting goods into the United States, physical goods. And so we just don't see it either in Europe and Asia having a major impact on our business.
Michael Chae: And then just on the geographic dimension. Patrick, if you step back at the whole firm. So these are sort of gross numbers, but we have heavy concentration as international and global as we are in the U.S., about 3 quarters of our portfolio is in the U.S. And that's a pretty historical level, about 15% in Europe and then a quite modest single-digit amount in Asia. So we're a global firm, but the nature of our business is that sort of more, I think, manageable exposure to non-U.S. markets.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler.
Crispin Love: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Can you just discuss your outlook on interest rates as Steve stated, you are seeing disinflation based on your data, but there are some worries more broadly on inflation, just shown by treasury yields recently. Would you expect more cuts than currently priced in or perhaps a rally in rates? I'm just curious on how that could impact PE activity, real estate performance in 2025 just based on your in-house views?
Jon Gray: Always dangerous to predict interest rates. But what I would say is our confidence comes from our portfolio on the inflation data. So we're obviously a very major owner of rental housing and shelter is the biggest component of CPI. It's 36% today. The Fed data is 4.6%. We would say what we're seeing is closer to 1% in that area. And what we've seen steadily is the government data is catching up to what's happening sort of on the ground in the real world. And so if you take a 36% weighting and you slowly bring that down, I think that's going to give the Fed some air cover. The other thing we'd say right now is in the labor market, we survey our CEOs, and they would say, basically, it's the easiest to hire that it's been since the post-COVID period. Wages for hourly workers are at the lowest level of 3.7%. Now it's possible things could change if we get a resurgence in economic activity, but right now, the labor market seems to be in balance. And so that should be helpful as well. As to what the Fed is going to do, I think they have the luxury of being patient. I think the fact that the economy is so strong. They want to see what kind of policies are coming from this administration. I think they're going to wait and see. But I do think the inflation data will generally be supportive it is showing as inflation continues to come down, although the pace of that disinflation is slower.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our final question from Arnaud Giblat with BNP Paribas.
Arnaud Giblat: Yes, good morning. Just, if we you could look at the perpetual products, if we look 5 years out from now and assuming a continued acceleration in flows in these products in the U.S. and in the global private wealth channels. I'm just wondering how we might see your distribution evolve. In other words, how much AUM are you currently set up to distribute today? And do you require a lot of investment in distribution over the next 2, 3, 5 years? I'm just wondering about the shape?
Jon Gray: Well, it's clearly in the area where we have a significant amount of optimism. I think you could see this grow quite substantially. The good news is we've made an enormous investment in this area ahead of others. We really started on this now almost 15 years ago. We have teams around the globe, more than 300 people dedicated to our private wealth area. We've built these products track records, which is pretty differentiated. We think the opportunity to distribute these more broadly in different formats is going to grow. And this is really where the power of the Blackstone brand is so important. Sometimes it's hard to quantify when you're doing financial models. But our ability to launch new products to sell to different distribution partners. The fact that we have a differentiated brand that allows us to sell more to expand on a capital-light basis, all of that is very favorable for our shareholders. We think it's early days in this. If you think about the big picture, we think there's close to $90 trillion of wealth of people who have more than $1 million in savings around the world. And we think it's allocated around 1% to private assets. If you think about our institutional partners, they're 30% allocated. And so we've come out of a difficult period the last 2 years or 3 years with this cost of capital shock people are reemerging, risk appetites going up. Short-term rates are going down, so people are starting to think about moving out of deposits into other assets at Blackstone, given the breadth of what we've got and the track record and the investment we've made in people, we think we're really well positioned. So I wouldn't be surprised if this is far larger than it is today 5 years from now.
Operator: Thank you. With no additional questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Tucker, Weston for any additional or closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Thanks so much for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2024 Investor Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] At this time, we'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you, Katie, and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's third quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. And for a discussion of some of the factors that could affect results, please see the risk factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders' page of our website. Also, please note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.6 billion. Distributable earnings were $1.3 billion or $1.01 per common share and we declared a dividend of $0.86 per share, which will be paid to holders of record as of October 28. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you, Weston. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported strong third quarter results including distributable earnings of $1.3 billion as well as, as Weston mentioned and the highest fee-related earnings in two years. Since the Fed began its interest rate tightening cycle in 2022, we've spent considerable time on our earnings calls discussing how we see the macro environment unfold. This included sharing our view on inflation, when we saw it moderating more quickly than many other market participants, which paved the way for the Fed to begin cutting interest rates last month. We also stated our belief that an easing of the cost of capital would be very positive for Blackstone's asset values and would be a catalyst for transaction activity, including deployment and ultimately realizations, which in turn fuel fundraising. This is the virtuous cycle that powers our business. We believe we're now advancing towards the stage in the cycle that is always the most fun. In anticipating -- an anticipation of improving markets, we substantially increased our investment pace starting in the fourth quarter of 2023, close to a year ago, which coincided with the peak of the 10-year treasury yields. Since then, over the last 12-months, Blackstone has deployed $123 billion, representing one of the most active periods in our history, and double the prior year comparable period. We've been planting the seeds of future value at what we believe is a favorable time. In terms of future harvesting, the third quarter marked the highest amount of overall fund depreciation in three years. Stepping back, this is a time of profound transformation across the economy and markets as well as geopolitically. Today, more than ever, we believe Blackstone is the partner of choice to help investors navigate a complex world. Our scale and reputation provides a foundation for deep engagement and ongoing dialogue with our limited partners. As the reference firm in our industry, we have a distinctive ability to convene the key decision makers from our limited partners to discuss what's happening around the world. The insights we draw from our expansive platform and portfolio are highly valuable to them. Most recently, we've been engaging with our clients on a number of important areas, including the revolution underway in artificial intelligence, the build-out of digital energy infrastructure needed to support AI, the renewable energy transition, the rise of private credit, the development of the secondaries market or alternatives, the extraordinary advances in drug development in the life sciences area, the emergence of India as one of the most important major economies, and the cyclical recovery in commercial real estate. I'll spend a moment discussing two of these areas in more detail. The platforms we are building in support of artificial intelligence and the recovery in real estate. First, with respect to AI. On previous calls, we've provided updates on our data center investments. Today, Blackstone is the largest data center provider in the world with holdings across the U.S., Europe, India, and Japan. Last month, we announced another major expansion by agreeing to acquire AirTrunk, the largest data center operator in the Asia Pacific region for $16 billion. We were uniquely positioned to execute on this investment, given our expertise in this sector, the scale of our capital, the global integration of our teams, and our connectivity to the world's largest data center customers. Our ability to serve these customers represents a powerful illustration of how Blackstone has become a trusted solutions provider on a massive global scale to many of the largest and most valuable companies in the world. The Blackstone portfolio consists of $70 billion of data centers and over $100 billion in prospective pipeline development, including air trunk and facilities under construction. We've conceptualized this new business area, built conviction, and in only three years, scaled it to the largest platform in the world. And there is much more we're doing and plan to do in this area, including addressing the sector's growing power needs, which we believe will create enormous additional opportunities for investment over time. Turning to the recovery in commercial real estate. With the cost of capital moving lower, we've previously discussed our expectation of a new cycle of increasing values and improving investor sentiment towards the sector. One indication of this shift now underway is the renewed interest in the asset class from limited partners and financial advisors, notably for BREIT. Repurchase requests in September were down over 90% from their peak, and we're seeing encouraging signs in terms of new sales. BREIT is clearly moving towards positive net flows based on current trends. The vehicle's largest share class has outperformed the public REIT index by approximately 50% annually since its inception nearly eight years ago. We believe BREIT's standing as the largest vehicle of its kind by far with strong investment performance and exceptional portfolio construction, including nearly 90% concentrated in warehouses, federal housing, and data centers. It positions the vehicle extremely well in the context of improving flows into private real estate. Historically, in multi-year recovery periods following a downturn, private real estate has delivered approximately double the returns of all periods. As the largest owner of commercial real estate, this dynamic should be quite positive for Blackstone and our investors. Overall, our limited partners have benefited significantly from the exceptional balance of the firm and the careful way we've positioned their capital in a volatile world. Looking forward, our business is accelerating, and we are in the early days of penetrating markets of enormous size and potential. We've established leading platforms in what we view as the most compelling high growth areas. The alternative industry still represents a small portion of investable assets globally. And I believe Blackstone is the best position firm in the world to capitalize on its long-term growth trajectory. In closing, we've navigated many cycles since our founding in 1985. While each has presented challenges, they've also created opportunities to invest, expand market share in existing product lines, and to innovate and launch altogether new businesses. Blackstone has emerged from every cycle, even stronger than before. With our firm moving on to extraordinary new heights, I fully expect the most recent cycle will lead to the same result. With that, I'll turn it over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Over the past several quarters, we've been advancing along the path we outlined for investors as we emerge from the high cost of capital environment. We are pleased to see our business progressing on this path, especially the strong investment performance with broad-based acceleration across the firm. First, we said we would deploy significant capital ahead of the all-clear sign, as we believe some of the best investments are made during times of uncertainty. In Q3, for the second consecutive quarter, we invested or committed over $50 billion, the highest in more than two years. New commitments were concentrated in some of our favorite thematic neighborhoods, including digital infrastructure, renewable energy and power solutions and enterprise software. Our largest commitment in the quarter was AirTrunk, as Steve noted, across multiple Blackstone funds. In private equity, we agreed to acquire work management software company Smartsheet for $8.4 billion, representing one of the largest take privates of the year and our credit business had its second busiest deployment quarter in history, investing over $18 billion, up more than 50% from Q2, driven by significant activity in global direct lending, as well as our infrastructure and asset-based credit strategies. Turning to the second key development we've been highlighting, the recovery underway in commercial real estate. In January, we made the call that values in the sector were bottoming. This informed our decision to invest or commit $22 billion in real estate in the first nine months of the year, nearly 2.5 times the same period last year. Our $30 billion global flagship fund is now nearly 40% committed. Green Street's index of private real estate values has increased each quarter since, while the public real estate market has rallied sharply. Liquidity in the private market is also improving meaningfully, providing the foundation for greater transaction activity. At the same time, new construction starts are falling dramatically for most types of real estate, including declines of approximately 40% to 75% from recent peak levels in logistics in U.S. apartment buildings, our two largest sectors in real estate. While the recovery will play out over time, the combination of lower base rates, lower borrowing spreads, and lower new supply makes the direction of travel quite positive for our real estate business. The third key development we've been speaking about regularly is the secular rise of private credit. And the integrated platform we've been building to offer clients and borrowers a one-stop solution across the full spectrum of credit strategies. Today, we manage the largest third-party private credit business in the world, with $432 billion across corporate and real estate credit, up a remarkable 20% year-over-year. We have one of the largest, if not the largest, businesses in direct lending, CLOs, real estate debt, and private investment grade credit. Total inflows across the combined platform were over $100 billion in the last 12-months. In our non-investment grade strategies, even as base rates move lower, there continues to be significant opportunity to generate excess returns for clients relative to liquid markets. Meanwhile, we expect lower base rates will be supportive of transaction activity and deployment. Importantly, private credit markets are expanding rapidly beyond financing M&A, and we're seeing a dramatic increase in demand for all forms of investment grade private credit, including from many of the largest insurance companies and institutions in the world. Our farm to table approach, which brings investors directly to borrowers, results in a strong value proposition for clients. In the insurance channel, our business has grown to $221 billion, up 24% year-over-year, including four strategic relationships and 20 additional FMA clients. We placed or originated a record $38 billion of A-rated credits on average year-to-date for our private IG-focused clients, up nearly 70%, which generated approximately 185 basis points of excess spread versus comparably rated liquid credits. Overall, Blackstone's scale and reach create extraordinary connectivity with borrowers across the market, resulting in more opportunities to originate high quality private credit investments. Our equity and debt strategies operate in multi-trillion dollar markets that generate enormous flow of investment grade debt, often where Blackstone is the leading player, including data centers, energy infrastructure, and real estate. In the energy area, we estimate we were a lead financing provider for nearly 15% of all renewable projects in the U.S. in the last 12-months. We've also established contractual relationships and forward flow agreements with banks and other originators across a wide range of areas, including credit card receivables, home improvement, fund finance, and equipment finance. We are building a third-party performing credit juggernaut, and we expect our business to grow significantly from here. The fourth key development we've been talking about is our momentum in private wealth. Following a challenging two-year period for markets, we've seen a robust reacceleration of sales in 2024. We raised $21 billion in the channel year-to-date through September, nearly double what we raised from individuals in the same period last year, including $18 billion for the perpetual vehicles. BCRED led the way with over $9 billion raised in the first nine months of 2024, including $3 billion in the third quarter. BXPE is approaching $6 billion only nine months after launch, and for BREIT, flows are trending favorably as Steve discussed. We're also in the process of launching two more private wealth perpetual vehicles in credit and infrastructure, as we noted previously. With the track record of our products, the depth of our relationships with financial advisors and their clients, and the strength of the Blackstone brand, we are more confident about our prospects in this channel than ever. In addition to private wealth, momentum is building in our drawdown fund area with a number of exciting new initiatives in front of us. The receptivity from our limited partners feels more positive today than in the past several years. We will soon complete fundraising for a number of our flagship vehicles, including corporate private equity, private equity energy transition, European real estate, and real estate debt. In credit, we recently launched fundraising for the successor to our $9 billion opportunistic strategy with initial closings of $2.4 billion. And in our equity oriented business, we've launched or will soon launch fundraising for the next vintages of three highly successful strategies, our $22 billion private equity secondary strategy, $6 billion private equity Asia strategy, and $5 billion life sciences strategy. We expect the successors to be at least as large or larger than the current vintages. Also worth noting, as of this week, we've closed on EUR1 billion for our new open-ended Europe-focused infrastructure vehicle, a very promising development. Finally, alongside these multiple positive developments unfolding in our business, something that is not changing is our commitment to our capital light, brand heavy, open architecture model. We rely on our track record our people and the power of our brand to grow. The firm's balance sheet investments comprise less than 1% of AUM. We have virtually no net debt, no insurance liabilities, and a share count that is almost unchanged over the past seven years, despite the extraordinary growth we've achieved. We've done that while also returning 100% of earnings to shareholders over this period through dividends and share repurchases, totaling over $30 billion. In closing, the firm is in terrific shape by any measure. We have powerful tailwinds at our back, and the virtuous cycle underpinning our business is accelerating. With that, I'll turn things over to Michael Chae.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and Good morning, everyone. The firm delivered strong results in the third quarter. And as we've highlighted previously, we are moving toward a meaningful step up in the firm's earnings power. I will first review financial results and we'll then discuss investment performance and the outlook. Starting with results. The firm's extraordinary breadth continues to power AUM to new record levels. Total AUM increased 10% year-over-year to $1.1 trillion, with inflows of $41 billion in the third quarter and $167 billion over the last 12-months. Fee earning inflows were $161 billion for the LTM period, lifting fee earning AUM by 12% to $820 billion. We activated the investment periods for our corporate private equity and PE energy transition flagships in the second quarter and our infrastructure secondary strategy in the third quarter, representing $26 billion of fee AUM in aggregate. These vehicles were in the respective fee holidays for most or all of Q3, depending on the strategy. Notwithstanding the temporary impact from these fee holidays, management fees in the third quarter increased 8% year-over-year to a record $1.8 billion, and the forward outlook is quite positive, which I'll discuss in a moment. Fee-related earnings were $1.2 billion in the third quarter or $0.96 per share, up 5% year-over-year, underpinned by the growth and management fees. The firm also generated $264 million of fee-related performance revenues in the third quarter. These revenues included $186 million in the credit and insurance segment, up 27% year-over-year, reflective of the steadily growing contribution from our direct lending business, along with the contribution from a co-investment vehicle in the BPP platform. Distributable earnings were $1.3 billion in the third quarter or $1.01 per common share, up 7% on a per share basis. Net realizations were $226 million in the quarter, primarily generated by the sale of public stock of an India-based retail REIT and certain energy positions, along with proceeds from other public and private holdings. Overall disposition activity has remained more limited in the current environment characterized by nearly three-year period of lower activity levels in the broader capital markets. However, we are optimistic about a meaningfully more constructive environment for realizations in 2025. Moving to investment performance, our funds generated the highest overall dollar appreciation in three years in the third quarter, highlighted by corporate private equity and infrastructure. The corporate PE funds appreciated 6.2% in the quarter and 15% over the last 12-months. Our operating companies overall reported stable mid-single-digit year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter along with continued notable margin strength. Infrastructure reported 5.5% appreciation in the third quarter and 18% for the LTM period, with significant gains across digital transportation and energy infrastructure. Our data center platform was again the single largest driver appreciation in our infrastructure real estate businesses and for the firm overall in the third quarter. The co-mingled BIP strategy has generated 16% net returns annually since inception, powering continued robust growth with total BIP platform AUM increasing 32% year-over-year to $53 billion. Our credit business also reported another strong quarter against a healthy backdrop for private debt markets. The non-investment grade private credit strategies generated a gross return of 3.6% in the quarter and 17% for the LTM period. The default rate across our 2,000 plus non-investment grade credits was less than 50 basis points for the last 12-months. Our multi-asset investing platform, BXMA reported a 2.2% gross return for the absolute return composite, the 18th consecutive quarter of positive performance, and 12% for the last 12-months. In real estate, values were stable overall in the third quarter, supported by strengthened data centers, rental housing, and global logistics, offset primarily by decline in the unrealized value of our interest rate hedges as treasury yields fell in the quarter. These hedges, which locked in low-cost fixed-rate financing ahead of the rise in interest rates, had the effect of reducing appreciation in the third quarter by approximately 50 basis points for the opportunistic funds and 200 basis points for the core plus funds. Within core plus, BREIT's Class I net return was flat in the third quarter, but positive 2.3% excluding the effect of its interest rate hedge. Finally, outside of the firm's major reported business lines, we have a number of strategies in various stages of development that have been generating outstanding results. I'll highlight two of them. Our GP Stakes platform appreciated 12.6% in Q3 and 31% over the last 12-months, reflecting the attractiveness of investing in high quality alternative managers. And our life sciences funds appreciated 5.9% in the third quarter and 28% for the LTM period, benefiting from key milestones achieved for multiple treatments under development, including medicines for the prevention of heart failure and arrhythmia, along with a vaccine for pneumonia. The firm's investment performance lifted net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet, up 13% sequentially from Q2 to $7 billion or $5.72 per share, the highest level in two years. Meanwhile, performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground increased to a record $553 billion. These are strong indicators of future realization potential. Turning to the outlook, we anticipate a material step up in FRE in the fourth quarter driven by several factors. These include the onset of full management fees for multiple funds exiting fee holidays. We also expect robust growth in fee-related performance revenues, in particular from a scheduled crystallization event for the commingled BIP infrastructure strategy, comprising the substantial portion of the strategy's associated net fee-related performance revenue accrual on the balance sheet. We do expect to sequentially lower FRE margin in Q4, compared to Q3 related to the infrastructure crystallization and other seasonal expense factors. But for the full-year 2024, as we noted last quarter, we continue to expect margin to be within a reasonable range of 2023. In closing looking forward to 2025 and beyond we have powerful momentum across the firm and the outlook for Blackstone is very positive. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just on insurance, the platform continues to grow nicely there. So I was hoping you could maybe comment on the opportunity on both fronts on the strategic partnership side with the existing partners, how you're helping them grow? How are the conversations progressing for new potential relationships? And then on the regular way third-party side, I think you mentioned 20 or so separate accounts. If you could help size that part of the business today and how you envision that continuing to grow from here? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Mike. So the overall insurance business, as we noted $221 billion, up 24% year-on-year. We do have these four strategic relationships 20 SMAs. I would say the dialogue with insurance companies is exceptionally strong. On the strategic side, those take time. You need to find a party who's interested in doing something broader. We continue to have dialogues. It's hard to predict when and how those will happen. On the SMA side, we're just seeing more insurance companies recognizing the benefit of investment grade private credit, particularly in the asset-based space. As you know, they've always done commercial real estate on a private basis. Some have done private placements, but the movement into this $25 trillion asset-based arena feels like it's in its very early days. And we have been meeting with CIOs on a regular basis. Gilles Dellaert, who runs our credit and insurance business, came from this area in his past, has terrific relationships, and we're continuing to build out our capabilities. And I would just say the tenor of the conversation is very open. And it starts with, you know, one $500 million commitment, we fill that up, it can grow over time. You add to that the strategic relationships where we've got contractual flows coming in, and hopefully some new partners over time. You know, it's hard to put a number on it, but it feels like to us, this should continue to grow at a very high rate for the foreseeable future. Because when you look at the insurance companies, their allocations are still pretty small to the area. And the 185 basis points of excess return for A-rated paper is very valuable to them. And so I would say the optimism around this space for us is very high. And then of course, the open architecture model is helpful. We're not in the market selling annuities. We are a third-party investment manager, and that definitely helps the conversations and helps our momentum here.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Brown with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Brown: Hi, good morning. I was hoping if, Michael, if you could expand on the increase in the operating expenses this quarter? How much is driven by placement fees and where could that go? And then if we think about the embedded FRE growth through 2025. How should we think about how that operating leverage could drive margin expansion next year? Could it be north of called the 100 basis points that you've kind of historically delivered over the years? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Sure, Thanks, Mike. Good morning. On the operating expense growth, it was a few items in that mix of a few different elements. First, there is third-party servicer fees relating to our Signature Debt Portfolio Acquisition. Second, as you noted, placement fees primarily related to BXP and then there's some initiative driven consulting spend and some other items. These are obviously all associated with very compelling growth areas, but they did add to OpEx. And I'd say adjusting for these items, the underlying growth in OpEx is running fairly close to last year, which was very low-double-digits. And I would say for Q4, we would expect a lower rate of growth year-over-year than what you're seeing in Q3. So that's, I would say, the overall outlook on that and some of the background. In terms of 2025 margins, as you know, it's sort of early on that. We don't like to get too granular, especially this early. I would just say that given the overall drivers of both the top line and our expense structure, we continue to feel very good about the idea of stability as a starting point in the short-term and then upside from there and over the long-term continued operating leverage.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks. Big picture and Blackstone specific question on in the asset-back world. So I wonder if you could size the asset-back opportunity in your mind in terms of maybe put in relative terms to what we've seen in the direct lending market, just you know multiples bigger in the range of the same size, you know, something like that? And then for you specifically, you talked about the different pieces of your juggernaut. I'm curious if you think relative to that backdrop that we could be looking at in terms of share from the banks, do you think you've done enough to get your fair share in terms of bank partnerships and owning or third-party origination, piecing it together for that juggernaut? Thanks.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Glenn. So I would say to size it up, if you look at the leveraged finance world, it's roughly a $5 trillion universe today. About a third of that is in high yield, a third of that is in leveraged lending, and a third of that is in direct lending. And it certainly feels like direct lending will continue to get more share, because of the certainty we can deliver to borrowers and that farm-to-table approach. But that's that universe, and we have a $120 billion platform in that space. If you compare that to the asset-based world, including commercial real estate, residential real estate, transportation, digital infrastructure, energy, fund finance, that whole world, we estimate that at $25 trillion. And whereas private players have a third of the leveraged finance world, which is a much smaller world we just described, of that $25 trillion, I think we're, private players today are 1%, 2% of that. So the multiple in terms of scale is much larger and the penetration is much lower and that's the reason why you heard that enthusiasm from me on the insurance side because these clients see the opportunity and I think over time it's going to move beyond insurance. We're having good dialogue with pension clients. I think we'll see sovereign wealth funds start to do this as well. It's probably less of an individual investor market, but I think almost all institutions will look at this premium they can get for making asset-based loans and at the same or lower risk, and will choose to do some of this. And that means that number can grow a lot. And as we get scale, we can speak for, you know, whole transactions, $1 billion, $2 billion, $3 billion, put it amongst our 20 different clients today, and that creates a really good cycle for us. So I'd say overall, I think this market can grow a lot, I would expect our numbers here to grow a lot. On the bank partnership front, what I would say is, we tend to have a bias for do it yourself. But there are areas where partnerships make sense. So for us, direct lending, where we have so much scale, wouldn't make a lot of sense, but definitely in certain origination areas and we've done partnerships in terms of home improvement loans. We've done some in fund finance with some banks. We've done a number of things with originators in certain verticals. I think we'll continue to do more of those. We haven't done as many announcements, but we have a lot of oars in the water in terms of origination. I think our origination volume in investment grade, private was up 40% year-on-year. So this is an area where we have a lot of momentum. The other thing that I think is important to remember is our scale as an equity investor, you know, massive scale in digital infrastructure, in real estate and energy, the relationships we have there, that deal flow is very helpful to our credit business as well. So we feel good about what we're doing. Will we find some more partnership in specific areas? Yes. Will we continue to build out our own origination capabilities? Yes. We still think there's a long way to go.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Steve, Jon, Michael. Hope everyone's doing well. We have a big picture question on the investing pipeline, and we heard a lot of positive commentary in the prepared remarks, but it looks like 25 will be a lot stronger overall. So, I wanted your perspective on two key points. One, how much is the November election delaying investment decisions into next year? And two, is the backdrop broadly more favorable in real estate or private equity given the declining setup in both discount rates and cap rates?
Jon Gray: So I would say on the election, we haven't really seen a slowdown. I mean, I do think there are some folks who are waiting to launch to get through the election. So maybe, you know, sellers or IPOs have been a little bit delayed either later into the fourth quarter or first quarter. So you know, I haven't seen people pulling back from buying, but it's probably delayed a few sales processes and that should be a good sign for deal activity. In terms of relative pickup and activity, you know, percentage wise probably real estate because it was coming off such a low base. And we've now seen borrowing spreads and borrowing costs come down a ton. But I think in both areas, you're going to see a pickup in activity. And, you know, you have all the conditions, sort of the recipe for more transaction activity. Base rates, both at the long and short end have come down. I think they'll come down further on the short end as the Fed eases. Spreads have tightened a bunch. I mean, we were looking, you know, high yield today between spread and base rates down 300 basis points. In some cases in real estate, down 400 basis points, really meaningful movement. And that is obviously very helpful for transaction activity. A strong equity market, of course, helps things in people's confidence. And then I would say investors, of course, their sentiment is improving as well. So I think we've been a little ahead of the curve in our investing before the all clear signs, Steve talked about the $120 billion we've invested, but it feels like things are picking up and anecdotally I was talking with the private equity guys, the last day or so, and the number of non-disclosure agreements, confidentiality agreements, is up 2.5-fold in September versus where it was a year ago. Now that doesn't necessarily mean it's going to turn into that volume of deals, but it clearly shows you there is more enthusiasm. And we know in the private equity world, there's a lot of companies that need to be sold, similar story in real estate. So it feels like there's a lot of pent up demand for realizations for DPI. And I think we'll see that in 2025.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, Jon. Good morning, everybody. Just maybe piggybacking on that a little bit and zoning in on real estate a little more specifically, it's obviously very encouraging conditions improving. Can you talk a little bit about your outlook over the next 12 to 18-months in terms of Blackstone being a net buyer or a net seller or real estate assets, and maybe a little bit on which asset classes in particular you expect to be more active in on both sides of that equation?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, we definitely have been a net buyer here the last nine months. And we do think that the sentiment is improving, but it's still negative. And people look at the headlines, sort of the wreckage from the past and that concerns them and they're waiting to see, hey, is it safe to go back in? We tend to be in the seed planting mode for that. But at the same time, as we look into next year, as the public reach rally, as debt becomes more available at lower costs, we're seeing more people show up. So we've seen, call it 2 times to 3 times, the number of buyers showing up to buy things like apartments and logistics. So I think the balance this year has been very heavy towards the investing relative to the harvesting. I think that'll start to balance out still probably more investing earlier on as we work through the year, I would then expect to see more realizations. In terms of sectors we like, we continue to be heavily leaning towards areas like logistics where the global trends long-term particularly as we get through the supply bubble we think will look very good rental housing that the shortage of housing around the globe particularly in developed markets. Data centers we've talked about at length has been a huge theme for us in real estate. It's really powered a number of our vehicles. And so I think we will find interesting places to deploy capital and it's possible in office on a selected basis that you could find some interesting things, particularly higher quality buildings and even retail around the grocery anchored space as opposed to the enclosed malls. So I think we're in the middle of a broad-based recovery in real estate. We're trying to capture that as much as possible. U.S., Europe, and Asia deploying capital. As we work through the cycle and values recover, you'll see a pickup in sales and you can feel that happening now.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning. Several funds came off the holiday in the third quarter. Can you repeat the size of that AUM? And then also just given the elevated levels of deployment that have been going on and seem to be continuing, can you talk about what that means for some of the larger funds or fundraising into 2025?
Michael Chae: Sure, on the fee holiday side, I mentioned that, sort of, the main items. Our new private equity corporate fund, Global Fund, BCP IX, our fourth energy transition fund, and then our SP infrastructure fund. Those were in partial or full holiday in the third quarter. They'll all be in full fees in the fourth quarter. Just to quantify, it was sort of based on the fee holidays, foregone fees from those, just those three funds of around $40 million or so. So that maybe will help you with the math. Do you want to mention
Jon Gray: Were going to talk about. I mean, look, as it relates to the pipeline, what I would say is institutional investors are certainly feeling better. The quality of the dialogue is getting better. As equity markets have rallied denominator, a fact looks a lot better today. I think the key thing will be DPI is picking up as we move into next year, as the IPO market gets better, as we have more sales, that's that virtuous cycle of capital moving back to them and them allocating more. I would expect that we talked about in the remarks, some of the things that are working their way through the system. Our next private equity Asia fund, our next life science fund, at some point next year, our next large private equity secondaries business, we've got the opportunistic credit business, and then we're continuing to clean up or finalize a number of these funds and energy transition, real estate credit, real estate Europe. So it feels like we're going to be in a better fundraising environment. As everybody knows here, the last 2.5 years have not been easy. Remarkably, as a firm, the last 12-months, we raised $167 billion. In a tougher period of time, it feels like it's going to be a better environment. But certainly, more realizations working their way through the system will free up capacity from our big customers.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great, Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just move back to the AI and the data center theme and just trying to connect the deployment opportunities, which obviously you described as pretty massive in this space. Just connecting that, trying to connect that with the supply of investment capital from fundraising. So as you see that deployment come through, to what extent do you think the fundraising can keep up or to what extent will this theme accelerate fundraising? Or say over the next two years? Maybe just one example there would be the prep fund is 40% committed. I know data centers are a part of that. Could be coming back to market even by the end of 2025 for the next vintage of that, is that too early?
Jon Gray: Well, it's an important question. What I would say on data centers is the fact that we have large-scale pools of capital that we've been able to deploy has been a huge competitive advantage. So the ability to privatize QTS, a $10 billion company at the time, which we've since grown eightfold in lease capacity. We did that jointly with infrastructure and various BREIT and BPP and real estate. The AirTrunk transaction, we just did a $16 billion deal. We were able, I think, to be in a very favorable competitive dynamic, because we did it really on our own with one institutional partner. And in that case, we had infrastructure, opportunistic real estate, Asia, global, our tactical opportunities area, our strategy for individual investors and private equity. We were able to bring all this capital together. And that's enabled us to do this at scale, because it does require a lot of capital to both buy these companies and then have the firepower to build these out. And so I do think it is a meaningful area of deployment. Will it lead to an acceleration of fundraising in real estate, let's say, opportunistic globally. I think it's too early to say, but it certainly has helped us. It's helped us in performance. It's been the lead driver in our infrastructure business. Michael talked about the 16% net since inception. The biggest driver of that has been data centers and it feels like we've got more momentum ahead for us in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. So it's one of the most exciting areas. And I would say just more broadly, playing this sort of need for compute power, AI, and electrification on a broad base. And so it's clearly the data centers, but it's also the energy and power. And in that area, again, having infrastructure, having our energy credit funds, having our energy equity funds, that consortium, and even some of this that's gone into real estate and then what we're doing in credit, that's another area. So when you think about where alternative firms are positioned, particularly our firm. There's a huge need for capital in a few of these areas, and we have what we think are the right vehicles to invest in it. I think it will lead to faster deployment, and it should lead to higher returns as well, and that gives us a bunch of optimism.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So rates declining, you know, you spoke to that helping out many of your businesses, but I was curious to hear, you know, how to think about the impact of lower base rates and tighter spreads on a credit business? And, you know, maybe specifically how should we think about the rate sensitivity of FRPR within credit?
Jon Gray: So what I can credit is certainly we've generated very favorable returns for customers nearly 17% in private investment grade appreciation over the last year. And some of that of course goes away as base rate comes down and spreads come down. But the real question I think for investors is can they earn a premium to liquid fixed income? And when you look at liquid fixed income where corporate BBB's are paying a little over a 100 over, I think we can produce a durable premium. I think we can do it certainly in non-investment grade. If you look at our BCRED product, it's delivered 700 basis points over base rates since inception. So even as base rates come down, a very attractive return. And when you look in the investment grade space, as we talked about earlier, the idea that we can deliver 185 basis points over comparable A-rated credit is also very encouraging. So yes, there will be some pressure on absolute returns as spreads and base rates come down, but relative returns that durable premium, I think will continue. And that's the reason why I think we'll continue to see investors migrate towards private credit, both investment grade and non-investment credit.
Michael Chae: And, Brennan, I just add on your question on impact on fee related forms revenues. I would actually, in isolation, talked about what's the effect of a decline in yields or an investment income? Not necessarily base rates for reasons I'll mention, but so call it a 50 basis points decline in yield or an investment income equates to pretty minimal impact, something like in the low-mid-single digits around 3% or 4% on sort of run rate, fee related performance revenue, that's sort of the math, which you could probably derive yourself. But importantly there are offsets. These are under levered vehicles. These are non-traded and traded BDCs. The cost of liabilities, even though they're lowly levered, that also moves in tandem down. And so there will be offsets, I think, in terms of just what's the impact all else equal of a move down in base rates. It really becomes a question of where are we on yields and investment income.
Operator: We'll go next to Benjamin Budish with Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to maybe ask another question on the FRE outlook for next year. Maybe thinking about the comp ratio in management fees versus realized performance revenues. I know in the past you've commented that you're not really looking to make a structural change like some of your peers have done. But when we look back across the last like three, four, five years, it does look like overall -- the overall fee-related comp ratio has come down a little bit and the opposite on the performance side? And so just digging through next year, I'm curious what your appetite is, particularly given if we do see a big pickup in performance revenues, it could be an opportune time given it would really smooth out the total comp picture for your employees. So, I appreciate any thoughts there. Thank you.
Jon Gray: Sure, Benjamin. Look, First of all, as you know, our comp model has multiple levers and we look at them in an integrated way and feel like we've got a fair degree of control around them and we want to optimize across them. So you've seen some of that movement, I would say in terms of the performance revenue comp ratios relative to fee comp ratios. And, you know, in certain businesses, we've had the ability and from time-to-time we've chosen to allocate more performance comp to certain professionals and we manage the mix of incentives that way. You know, we haven't done it in the larger scale programmatic way, but it's a tool in our toolkit we can use along with others. So that is really how we think about it. We have these controls. There are multiple elements to this overall comp model. And I would just step back and say, as we've, I think, delivered on from a margin standpoint, comp ratio standpoint, you know, we feel good about the path forward.
Benjamin Budish: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Good morning.
Jon Gray: Hi, good morning, Steven.
Steven Chubak: How are you? I wanted to ask a question on the FRE and Net Flow outlook. So, certainly encouraging to see the improved fundraising deployment activity in the quarter. One metric which fell short of expectations was [FPAM] (ph) growth, and it has reinforced at least some of the challenges of overcoming back book headwinds, which are running at about 10% of the FPAM. Just given the strong fundraising tailwinds you cited, I was hoping you could speak to the FRE growth outlook just in the context of some of these back book pressures and how you're thinking about a sustainable organic net flow rate just as we refine some of our modeling assumptions for next year and beyond.
Jon Gray: Id just start, Steven, on sort of the overall outlook. I mean, the overall outlook, longer term, certainly looking at 20, we talked about the fourth quarter, so around FRE 2025. We don't give sort of granular guidance, and there isn't really an algorithm for it. But the building blocks, you know, that are in place for 2025 FRE growth, we are very optimistic about between base management fees, the sort of structural embedded up work ramp, the full-year benefit of the flagship vehicles we've activated this year, which we talked about, additional drawdown funds to be activated, new raises underway, you know, continued expansion and broadening of our perpetual strategies, including BXPE, significant momentum and credit insurance management fees you know up 18% year-to-date. And fee-related performance revenues which you touched on you know the direct lending BDCs just steadily expanding earnings power. BREIT sort of a bit of a sleeping giant in terms of this embedded incentive fee earnings power there, fee related performance revenue earnings power, and then BXPE, which I mentioned, continued to scale. And then in credit insurances generally, you know, year-to-date, FRE has been up 26%. So we think about the drivers, I think less in terms of equations and more around across different building blocks across the overall business, you know, really good I think near and medium term and longer term momentum and path forward. So I would really frame it that way rather than sort of a net flow or kind of quarter-to-quarter sort of an algorithm around that.
Steven Chubak: No, it's a very helpful context. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So lots of areas and elements in Blackstone are performing well or recovering. Secondaries continues to lag and we witnessed IRRs in SP 9 and for three SP8 all fell this quarter by a couple percentage points and returns and aggregate and secondaries for 2023 and 24 are well below your hurdle rates. So help us understand why performance here continues to lag. Is the path forward to better results just a function of time? And if that's the case, when do we see it? Or is there really like a different bigger issue here?
Jon Gray: Oh, I would say we feel great about our secondary business. We were today at $82 billion of AUM. If you look in our filings here and you look at the SP funds, their net return since inception, high teens returns are higher in the flagship private equity vehicles. So we have extremely happy customers. In the near-term, yes, you know, that business reports on a lag of a couple quarters. So you're seeing what were challenging reports that come in the last few quarters. There's been modest growth in terms of appreciation there. But I would say the overall sort of embedded discount in buying funds at attractive prices, particularly what we focus on, which is eight year old funds on average. And being able to show up and we own today, I think interest in 4,000 different funds to give a holistic solution to sellers, do it across real estate and private equity and infrastructure and credit. I think it puts us in a really unique spot. So I would say near-term, there's a little bit of, you know, a slowdown in performance. But when you look at this business, what we've done for the customers, they're very pleased with it. And I feel quite good as we go out to raise the next vintage.
Michael Chae: Yes, Ken, I'll just add to that on a couple things. One, just to reframe what John said or reiterated, the investment for us has been outstanding. I think if you did a channel check, you would hear that. I think on the recent performance, just to add to what Jon said, I think there are two factors which are kind of the key elements of the math in the short-term of the secondary fund returns. One is the immediate gains from buying new deals at a discount. That volume was lower, as you know, last year and early this year. It's definitely accelerating now. That will help returns. And then in terms of the underlying performance of the funds themselves, and Jon referenced this, the nature of secondary buyers is they tend to be more mature funds. So yes, in the period of the last couple of years or so, and even more recently, the performance of some of these more mature funds across the industry, naturally during this recovery, you know, lags. And so that's being sort of transmitted as well, as opposed to say, you know, our latest corporate private equity fund with a younger portfolio, and you see the performance that it's delivered, you know, in recent quarters. So those are really the two factors. They're structural, but they also have to do with structural in the context of where we are in the cycle. And overall, SP has been through these cycles. Their investment performance delivery has been outstanding.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Will stay tuned. Thank you so much.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Well go next to Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for the update and taking my question this morning. I may be a big picture one on wealth management. Obviously you have a tremendous first mover advantage and a great brand. How do you sort of see the platform evolving here just in terms of impact of rising competition and maybe what you're seeing in terms of investor demand as interest rate expectations shift? Thank you.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Bill. I would start with, we definitely have a first mover advantage. The $250 billion speaks to our scale and is much larger than others. It speaks to the fact that we started here earlier than others and we built up incredible relationships with financial advisors, as well as their underlying clients. And I think that's very important. We had a bunch of them in town the last couple of weeks and the goodwill towards the firm is extraordinary, particularly because of the performance, both of the drawdowns and more recently, of course, because of the perpetuals, how BREIT has delivered, how BCRED has delivered. how BXP has started. This builds up a lot of goodwill with underlying customers. I'd also point out that if you look at our institutional investors, they're now 30%, 33% allocated to privates. In the $80 trillion wealth space, they're probably allocated 1% to 2%. It is early days here, even earlier outside of the United States. So if you said, you know, what do we see here? We see an enormous opportunity with our existing sort of flagship products. We talked about going into infrastructure, another version of credit. I think you'll see us put more people on the ground around the world. We think the benefits of alternatives will continue to grow. We think these semi-liquid structures, which have reporting that's more timely, in many cases are more tax efficient. They provide semi-liquidity as well. This works for advisors and their underlying customers. So I would say, yes, there will be more competitors moving into the space, but the overall market is very, very large. I feel like given our brand, our reach, we'll get shelf space, which is different, as you know, versus, let's say, traditional institutional private equity, where there you can have an unlimited number of participants. In this world, I think it's smaller, a smaller number of groups will be able to play. Our first mover advantage, the performance we've delivered, the brand, all of that is super helpful in this context. And I would say one other thing that I just thought about that's worth noting is as base rates come down, that makes investors enthusiasm for these products go up. When you were earning 6% in a money market fund, there wasn't much incentive to think about other things. As the Fed brings rates back in at some point into the 3s, I think the attractiveness of trading some near-term liquidity for higher returns goes up. So I think performance improving in a better environment, these products showing how they weathered a storm, and the lack of return from short-term cash, I think all of that should grow and we would expect as we move forward the momentum will accelerate in private wealth.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our last question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler.
Crispin Love: Thanks, good morning. Got just a big picture question here. So just from your seat, what are you seeing with regards to M&A and IPO activity and the IPO pipeline? And do you see a scenario where there are less IPOs, companies staying private longer? And what could that mean for you? Are there both positive and negative implications there for Blackstone in this type of environment? Thank you.
Jon Gray: You know, I'm a believer that the environment's falling into place, both for more IPOs and more M&A. On the M&A front, in terms of the private side, certainly debt cost of capital coming down makes a huge difference. If you looked when we bought Emerson Electrics, Copeland business, you know, when we bought that, we were struggling to get any debt capital cost 13%, 14%. That they doing transactions very difficult. As debt cost capital comes down. People can borrow more and it allows the private market to become much more robust. As stock prices go up, obviously strategic acquirers become more active in M&A. On the IPO front, that's obviously been the laggard. We've had two very slow years in 22 and 23. 24, you've watched the momentum build up. And as I said on TV earlier, as the price of the public market goes up, it's like a magnet pulling private companies into the market. And so I think you'll begin to see more you've seen some sponsor IPOs come out that have done quite well overall I think IPOs in the U.S. are up something like 30% from IPO to today that will get people investors more motivated to invest in the IPOs. And when we just talk about what's happening in our firm, I walked into a meeting yesterday and we were talking about a potential IPO and we've really gone from sort of this theoretical to the practical. What's the right size? Should we do it in February or April? So my expectation is the IPO market, which is historically cyclical will pick back up. You know, the private market has grown. There may be companies that stay in continuation vehicles. So there will be some of that, but I think we will see a much better IPO market in 2025. And obviously for our business realizations, DPI, that's a very good thing.
Crispin Love: Thank you, Jon. I appreciate the color.
Operator: With no additional questions in queue, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Weston Tucker for any additional or closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to following up after the call. Have a great day.
Operator: Good-bye.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2024 Investor Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker : Great. Thank you and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the factors that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So quickly on results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $948 million. Distributable earnings were $1.3 billion or $0.96 per common share and we declared a dividend of $0.82, which will be paid to holders of record as of July 29th. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman : Good morning and thank you for joining our call. On our last several earnings calls, we spent a good deal of time talking about how we saw inflation, compared to many other market participants. We took a strong view that we were seeing different outcomes with inflation moderating more quickly, in part because of our unique position in the real-estate area and our understanding of the shelter component of the Consumer Price Index. As a result of our convictions, we decided to adopt a more aggressive approach to new investments. I'm pleased to report that in the second quarter we deployed $34 billion, the highest level in two years, and nearly $90 billion in the last three quarters since the 10-year treasury yield peaked. With inflation continuing to recede, we expect the Fed to begin cutting interest rates later this year. This should be very positive for Blackstone's asset values and provide the foundation for a significant realization cycle over time. As the largest alternatives firm in the world, with nearly $1.1 trillion of AUM, the real-time data collected across our global portfolio provides insights that help us decide in which areas to concentrate our investments. This data also alerts us to major paradigm shifts, which is essential for any top-performing asset manager. Our firm has demonstrated this foresight repeatedly since our founding, including the decision to extend our private equity business into real estate in 1991 when values collapsed following the savings and loan crisis, by significantly expanding our credit platform in 2008 in advance of the extraordinary investment opportunities that arose from the global financial crisis. Being the first investment alternatives firm, to start and develop a dedicated private wealth business in 2011 and introducing the first large-scale perpetual product for that channel in 2017 and our decision later the same year to create a perpetual infrastructure strategy for institutional investors, which now anchors an overall infrastructure platform across Blackstone of over $100 billion. This demonstrated ability to be in the right place at the right time continues on an accelerated basis today. This includes our investments and innovation in all types of private credit, where we're one of the world's largest managers; in global logistics as the largest private owner of warehouses in the world; in the energy transition field, where we own the largest private renewables developer in the United States. In India, where we believe Blackstone is the largest alternatives investor in what has become the fastest growing major economy, and of course in data centers, where we own the fastest growing platform in the world. I'd like to take a moment to discuss what Blackstone is doing today in Artificial Intelligence, specifically in data centers, which is an essential part of that breakthrough area. AI is widely acknowledged as having the potential to be one of the greatest drivers of transformation in a generation. I have personally been active in this field since 2015. I believe the consequences of AI are as profound as what occurred in 1880 when Thomas Edison patented the electric light bulb. While it took years to develop commercially viable products, the subsequent build out of the electric grid over the following decades has parallels to the creation of data centers today to power the AI revolution. Current expectations are that there will be approximately $1 trillion of capital expenditures in the United States over the next five years to build and facilitate new data centers, with another $1 trillion of capital expenditures outside the United States. The need to provide power for these data centers is a major contributor to an expected 40% increase in electricity demand in the United States over the next decade compared to minimal growth in the last decade. We believe these explosive trends will lead to unprecedented investment opportunities for our firm. Blackstone is positioning itself to be the largest financial investor in AI infrastructure in the world as a result of our platform, capital and expertise. Our portfolio today consists of $55 billion of data centers, including facilities under construction, along with over $70 billion in prospective pipeline development. Our largest data center portfolio company, QTS, has grown lease capacity 7x since we took it private in 2021. Through QTS and our other holdings, we have a robust ongoing dialogue with the world's largest data center customers. We're also providing equity and debt capital to other AI-related companies. For example, in the second quarter, we committed to provide AI-focused cloud service provider, CoreWeave, with $4.5 billion of a $7.5 billion financing package, the largest debt financing in our history, and we're now focusing on addressing the sector's power needs in many differentiated ways. With large-scale platforms in infrastructure, real-estate, private credit and renewable energy, we are extremely well positioned to be the partner of choice in this rapidly growing area. In another important area where Blackstone, once again, has been in the right place at the right time, is real-estate. During the global financial crisis, most competitors were forced out of business or delivered mediocre results. In fact, sometimes losing money for their customers, where Blackstone, for our investors, ultimately doubled their money. How did we do it? We owned the right assets in the right sectors with the right capital structures, enabling us to emerge from the crisis as the clear market leader. As a result, institutional limited partners and subsequently individual investors allocated significant capital to Blackstone real-estate in contrast to most other real estate managers. With that capital, we repositioned our portfolio over time by selling US office buildings and instead bought warehouses, rental housing, and eventually data centers. These three sectors comprised approximately 75% of our global real-estate equity portfolio today compared to 2% in 2007. This repositioning drove the outperformance and extraordinary growth of our real-estate business over the last decade and a half. Real-estate markets, of course, are cyclical, and over the past 2.5 years, the increase in interest rates and borrowing costs has created a more challenging environment. Even through this period, Blackstone real estate has delivered differentiated performance. BREIT for example, has generated a cumulative return of 10% net in its largest share class since the beginning of 2022 and 10% plus net returns annually since inception 7.5 years ago, more than double the return of the public-REIT market. Nearly 90% of BREIT's portfolio is in warehouse, rental housing, and data centers, with data centers alone contributing almost 500 basis points to returns in the last 12 months. The performance BREIT has achieved is the key reason it is 3x larger today than the next five largest non-traded REITs combined. Now the cost of capital has begun to decline, which would be further helped by Fed cuts later this year. We believe creating the basis for a new cycle of increasing values in real estate. At the same time, new construction for most types of real-estate is declining dramatically down 40% to 70% year-over-year, depending on the asset class. Looking forward, we are confident the outcomes experienced by our investors in this cycle will further reinforce our leadership position and will result in higher allocations to Blackstone from both institutional and private wealth channels in the future. Real-estate is one of the largest asset classes in the world, and having the largest business when the cycle is turning should be very advantageous for our shareholders. Blackstone is the reference firm in the alternatives industry, and for nearly four decades, we've been an essential partner to our investors helping them navigate a dynamic world. The Blackstone brand engenders deep trust with our clients, allowing us to innovate and build leading businesses across asset classes. We now have 75 individual investment strategies, and we are working on many more currently. Our near-term plans include launching several new products in the private wealth channel, the global expansion of our infrastructure platform, further deepening our penetration of the private credit and insurance markets, and expanding our business in Asia. Our firm is as innovative today as at any point in our history. Innovation in finance done correctly is essential to create the virtuous cycle of satisfied investors who provide more and more capital for future growth. I have great confidence that we are firmly on this path. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Jon.
Jon Gray : Thank you, Steve, and good morning everyone. In January, we highlighted three powerful dynamics emerging in our business. First, that investment activity was picking up meaningfully across the firm. Second, that commercial real-estate values were bottoming; and third, that our momentum in private wealth was accelerating. Since then, each of these dynamics has progressed in a very positive way, starting with investment activity. We deployed $34 billion in the second quarter, up 73% year-over-year, and committed an additional $19 billion to pending deals. Activity was broad-based across the firm. BXCI, our credit and insurance business, had one of its busiest quarters ever with $21 billion invested or committed, including in global direct lending, along with infrastructure and asset-based credit. In private equity, new commitments included two take-privates in Japan, a music royalties business in the UK, and a fast-growing insurance broker in India. Back in the US, we bought Tropical Smoothie, a franchisor of fast casual cafes. This acquisition launched the investment period for our corporate private equity flagship, for which we've raised more than $20 billion to-date. In real-estate as I said, we made the call in January that values were bottoming and the pillars of recovery were coming into place. What did we do with our conviction? We deployed nearly $15 billion in the first six months of the year in real-estate, approximately 2.5x the same period last year. Since January, Green Street's index of private real-estate values has had six consecutive months of flat or increasing values for the first time in over two years. In our own portfolio, we're now seeing more bidders show up to sales processes for single assets driving price improvement. Overall, the cost of capital has declined significantly, with borrowing spreads and base rates moving lower, while the availability of debt capital has increased significantly. At the same time, new construction starts are falling sharply and are at or near 10-year lows in the U.S. for both warehouses and apartment buildings, our two largest areas of concentration. For a market driven by supply and demand, this is very positive for long-term values. Nevertheless, the office sector remains under substantial pressure, with more troubled assets likely to emerge. For Blackstone, as we've discussed, we have minimal exposure to traditional U.S. office in our expansive equity portfolio. Exposure is higher in our public mortgage REIT, creating some challenges, although its focus on senior loans has been an important factor in navigating the sector's dislocation. With the vast majority of our global real-estate portfolio concentrated in logistics, rental housing and data centers, Blackstone is in a very differentiated position. Moving to our private wealth business, where our momentum has been accelerating. We raised $7.5 billion in the channel overall in the second quarter. In the perpetual vehicles, we raised over $6 billion in the second quarter, and nearly $13 billion in the first half of the year, already exceeding what we raised from individuals in all of 2023. BCRED led the way with $3.4 billion raised in the quarter, the highest level in two years. BXPE raised $1.6 billion in the quarter, reaching $4.3 billion in its first six months. And BREIT is seeing encouraging signs on the new sales front, raising $900 million in Q2, the best quarter in over a year. The vehicle has delivered six straight months of positive performance, and has fulfilled 100% of repurchase requests every month since February. Requests in June were down 85% from the peak last year, down 50% from May, and have declined further month-to-date in July. As we've been saying for some time, we believe flows in the wealth channel ultimately follow performance. We built the leading platform in our industry with over $240 billion and three large-scale perpetual vehicles. We have more in development, including two we plan to bring to market by early next year. First, an infrastructure vehicle that will provide investors access to the full breadth of the firm's strategies in this area, including equity, secondaries and credit. And second, a vehicle that will invest across our expansive credit platform. Our commitment to the $85 trillion private wealth market is stronger than ever. Multiple other areas of the firm are showing strong momentum today. Our credit and insurance business is thriving in an environment of higher interest rates and accelerating demand for both investment-grade and non-investment-grade strategies. Our performance has been outstanding, with minimal defaults of less than 40 basis points over the last 12 months in our non-investment-grade portfolio. Our scale allows us to focus on larger investments, where competitive dynamics are more favorable, and where the quality of borrowers and sponsors is higher. In our nearly $120 billion global direct lending business, our emphasis on senior secured positions with average loan-to-values of 44% provides significant equity cushion subordinate to our loans. We're the sole or lead lender in approximately 80% of our U.S. portfolio, helping us to drive document negotiations and control the dialogue with borrowers if any challenges arise. We believe our scale, careful sector and asset selection, and deep experience will differentiate us in a world of greater performance dispersion in credit. In our investment-grade focused credit business, our goal is to deliver higher yields to clients, primarily insurers, by migrating a portion of their liquid portfolios to private credit. We place or originated $24 billion of A-rated credits on average in the first half of 2024, up nearly 70% year-over-year, which generated approximately 185 basis points of excess spread versus comparably rated liquid credits. Our insurance AUM grew 21% year-over-year to $211 billion, driven by strong client interest in our asset-light open architecture model. We have four large strategic relationships and 15 SMAs today, and we expect our business to grow significantly from here. Moving to infrastructure, our total platform across the firm now exceeds $100 billion, as Steve noted, including our perpetual BIP strategy, infrastructure secondaries, and other infrastructure equity and credit investments. We built this platform from the ground up to become one of the largest in the world. BIP specifically reached the $50 billion milestone, including July fundraising, up 21% from year end 2023. Performance has been exceptional. With the commingled BIP strategy generating 16% net returns annually since inception, beating the public infrastructure index by nearly 1,100 basis points per year. We are well positioned to address the massive funding needs for our infrastructure projects globally, including digital and energy infrastructure. Just last week, we agreed to invest nearly $1 billion in a portfolio of solar and wind projects in the U.S. alongside NextEra, the largest public renewables developer in the country. A final comment on our drawdown fund business, where there are a number of initiatives we're quite excited about. We've launched or expect to launch fundraising in the next few quarters for the new vintages of multiple strategies. These include the successors to our $5 billion Life Sciences Fund, $9 billion private credit opportunistic strategy, $22 billion private equity secondaries fund, and $6 billion private equity Asia fund. All have strong track records, and we expect the new vintages to be at least as large as, and in most cases, hopefully larger than the current funds. While the fundraising environment has been challenging, we're seeing more receptivity from LPs today as markets improve. Importantly, when we meet with our clients around the world, what we consistently hear is that they are holding or increasing their allocations to alternatives and to Blackstone. In closing, our firm is emerging from this multiyear period of higher cost of capital, even stronger than before, and we're sticking with our model of being a third-party asset manager, relying on our track record, our people, and the power of our brand to grow. With that, I will turn things over to our very capable CFO, Mr. Chae.
Michael Chae : Thanks, Jon, and good morning everyone. The firm delivered steady financial results in the second quarter, with positive momentum in fundraising and deployment as you've heard today. I will first review results, and we'll then discuss investment performance and the outlook. Starting with results, the firm's expansive range of growth engines continues to power AUM to new record levels. Total AUM increased 7% year-over-year to $1.1 trillion, with inflows of $39 billion in the quarter and $151 billion over the last 12 months. Fee-earning inflows were also $151 billion for the LTM period, including $53 billion in the second quarter, the highest level in two and a half years, lifting fee-earning AUM by 11% to $809 billion. We activated the investment periods for our corporate private equity and PE energy transition flagships in the second quarter, which along with BXPE and Private Wealth, were in fee holidays as of quarter end, representing $27 billion of fee AUM in aggregate. Notwithstanding the temporary impact from these fee holidays, management fees increased 5% year-over-year to a record $1.8 billion in the second quarter. Notably, Q2 represented the 58th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in base management fees at the firm. Fee-related earnings, the comparison of FRE to prior periods was impacted by a decline in fee-related performance revenues in the real estate segment, including from BREIT, as its positive year-to-date appreciation came in modestly below the required hurdle. These revenues carry favorable margins, and their decline impacted the firm's FRE margin in the second quarter. These factors are partly offset by the steadily growing contribution from our direct lending business, with fee-related performance revenues in the credit and insurance segment rising 24% year-over-year to $168 million. Distributable earnings were $1.3 billion in the second quarter or $0.96 per share, up 3% year-over-year. DE was underpinned by the firm's steady baseline of fee-related earnings, with Q2 representing the 11th consecutive quarter of FRE over $1 billion. Net realizations were $308 million in the second quarter, up year-over-year, but still reflective of a backdrop that is not yet robust as it relates to scale dispositions. That said, we executed the sales of a number of public and private holdings in the second quarter, concentrated in our Asia private equity business, including a leading healthcare services company in Korea, the IPO and subsequent sale of stock of one of the largest housing finance platforms in India, and the sale of stock of an India-based technology company. Moving to investment performance, our funds generated healthy overall appreciation in the second quarter, led by strength in infrastructure, private credit and life sciences. Infrastructure reported 6.3% appreciation in the quarter, and 22% over the last 12 months, with broad gains across digital transportation and energy infrastructure. Our data center platform was again the single largest driver of appreciation in our real estate and infrastructure businesses, and for the firm overall in the second quarter. In credit, we reported another outstanding quarter against a continuing positive backdrop of private debt market fundamentals. The private credit strategies generated a gross return of 4.2% in the quarter and 18% for the LTM period. The default rate across our 2000-plus non-investment grade credits was less than 40 basis points over the last 12 months, as Jon noted, with no new defaults in private credit in the second quarter. Our multi-asset investing platform, BXMA reported a 2.1% gross return for the absolute return composite, the 17th consecutive quarter of positive performance, and 12% for the last 12 months. BXMA has done an extraordinary job delivering resilient all-weather returns over the past several years through volatile equity markets and the longest and deepest drawdown in bonds on record. Since the start of 2021, the absolute return composite, net of fees, is a cumulative 27% or nearly double the traditional 60/40 portfolio. The corporate PE funds appreciated 2% in the second quarter and 11% for the LTM period. Our operating companies overall reported stable mid-single digit year-over-year revenue growth, along with continued margin strength. In real estate, values were stable overall in the quarter, supported by strength in data centers and global logistics. This was offset by declines in our office portfolio, including Life Sciences Office and certain other factors. One final highlight on investment performance. Our dedicated Life Sciences business delivered a standout second quarter. The funds appreciated 11.9% and a remarkable 33% for the LTM period after achieving positive milestones for multiple treatments under development, including for stroke prevention, cardiovascular disease and rare forms of epilepsy in children. The growth and performance of this business is yet another example of the firm's ability over many years to innovate and translate megatrends into large-scale businesses for the benefit of our investors. Turning to the outlook, we're putting in place the foundation for a favorable step-up in earnings power over time. First, in terms of net realizations. We expect a near-term lag between improving markets and a pickup in these revenues as we stated previously. In the meantime, the firm's underlying performance revenue potential has continued to build, with performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground reaching a record $531 billion at quarter-end. Meanwhile, net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet, the firm's store value, grew sequentially to $6.2 billion or $5.08 per share. As markets heal and liquidity improves, we are well positioned for a significant acceleration in net realizations over time. In terms of FRE, we anticipate a material step up in FRE in the fourth quarter, with multiple drivers of note. First, with respect to management fee holidays, the corporate PE and energy transition flagships will exit their respective fee holidays in the coming months and will generate full management fees in Q4. BXPE exited its fee holiday this month. Second, in terms of fee-related performance revenues, Q4 includes a scheduled crystallization for the commingled BIP infrastructure strategy with respect to three years of significant accrued gains, as well as BXP's first crystallization event with respect to full year 2024 gains. Looking forward to 2025, we will see the full year benefit of the flagship vehicles that were activated in 2024. We also expect to raise multiple other flagships throughout the course of 2025, including Life Sciences, private equity secondaries, private equity Asia, and other major strategies. In addition, we expect the continued expansion of our platform of perpetual strategies, which has grown by 2.5x in the past three years. And importantly, our credit insurance business is on a strong positive trajectory, with segment FRE increasing nearly 30% year-over-year in the second quarter. The dual engines of performance and innovation at Blackstone continue to drive the firm forward. In closing, the firm is exceptionally well positioned against today's evolving backdrop, with powerful structural tailwinds and multiple engines of growth. Our long-term capital provides the flexibility and firepower to invest, and the patience to sell assets when the time is right. We are very optimistic about the future of Blackstone. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, everyone. So, my question is on investing. It was nice to see the sharp pick up in both deployments and commitments in the quarter. And with the credit piece more steady, we wanted to get your perspective on the two equity businesses, real estate and private equity. So, do you think we'll likely see further progress in the second half, or is a $24 billion deployment and $19 billion commitment run rates driven by upticks in P [ph] in real estate, really a good run rate going forward, just given the stronger activity levels that you already achieved this quarter?
Jon Gray: So Craig, it's a good question. I think it's hard to put an exact number, but there are some, I think, very positive signs. The fact that we have $19 billion committed at the end of the quarter is a good forward indicator of a lot of activity. I would say that just the volume of what we're seeing across our business, our equity strategies, is picking up. We did this last quarter, our first growth deal in a while, buying an ERP software business in Israel. We're seeing good activity in our secondaries business, that has clearly picked up year-on-year. I think double the activity over last year's level. Infrastructure quite busy. Real estate a little more episodic, but we are definitely leaning in as we've talked about, and then private equity, broad based global. We bought a couple of companies in Japan. We bought an insurance brokerage in India. We bought some software and online platforms in Europe. We bought a fast food business here in the United States. And I would say by virtue, and I said it last quarter, sort of my briefcase indicator continues to be getting full and indicates that there should be increasing solid levels of transaction activity. So I think the fact that we're seeing rates coming down, the market's being more conducive, more people are thinking about selling assets. I think as the IPO market reopens, we should see more. It's hard to say it's a straight line, but the overall trend lines on investing are positive.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Jon Gray: Good morning, Mike. Mike, are you with us?
Operator: Please check your mute function. We're unable to hear you.
Jon Gray: Let's move on in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning, everybody. Hey Jon, so maybe just building on your point around deployment activity picking up, I was hoping we could go in on what that could mean for real estate fundraising. Obviously, it's been an area of somewhat of a challenge, but as deployment ramps, and you guys are making nice progress on BREP X, I believe, and other areas as well. So what areas do you think will be the soonest to come back when it comes to real estate fundraising and your broader outlook there over the next 12 to 18 months?
Jon Gray: Well, obviously the sentiment for investors on real estate has been pretty negative given what's happened in much of their portfolios. We have been an outlier. We've raised over $8 billion for our latest opportunistic European fund. We've raised now a little over $5 billion for our latest real estate debt fund. You know, I think they are going to be a little more cautious going into open-ended funds until they see more of a pickup. I think it is an area that's probably a little more muted for a period of time, just because of investor caution, but we've seen this before. If you went back to the financial crisis, people wait for the numbers to get better, to feel better about a sector, and then they start to jump in. I will say the tenor of the conversations around real estate have improved. I think people are recognizing that prices have reset and that it's an interesting time to get back in. And I think one of the really important things, and Steve pointed this out in his remarks, is the differentiation of our performance. The fact that we're three-quarters allocated to logistics, rental housing and data centers, which looks very different than other investors. And I think like the financial crisis, it may take a bit of time, but when people see the dispersion in performance and how we've done, I think we'll see significant capital moving in our direction. So the path of travel here I think for us is good, but in real estate I think it'll take a little bit of time just because of the experience investors have had in the sector.
Michael Chae: And I'd just add, Alex. This is Michael. In terms of the breadth drawdown area, obviously, I think our timing was fortuitous in terms of being able to raise those funds over the last two or three years and now being in a really amazing position with $60 billion of dry powder. And so we're in a good position where subject to finishing the Europe drawdown fundraise where we have a lot of dry powder to invest from those opportunistic vehicles.
Alex Blostein: Yep. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hello there! Good morning.
Jon Gray: Morning.
Glenn Schorr: Curious if we can get a little update on the bank partnerships and asset-backed finance. There was another deal announced today outside of you guys. But there's been a tremendous amount of news flow in that space and the asset-backed opportunity might be multiples larger than what we've seen in middle market lending. So I wonder if you could help frame the opportunity and remind us what you have on the ground already.
Jon Gray: Well, I think it is a big area of opportunity, because I think you can offer clients higher returns in investment-grade private credit, particularly in the asset-backed sector, because you are able to take out a lot of the distribution costs in an ABS transaction and so we've seen a tremendous amount of interest in this area. In fact, we talk about 15 SMAs with insurance companies away from the big four strategic partnerships and virtually all of those have some piece of asset-backed finance. It could be fund finance, it could be transportation, digital; it could be green energy, it could be residential. We're just seeing a tremendous amount of interest in this area. We've been building up the number of platforms. We have partnerships, flow agreements with banks. We've been making some smaller strategic investments from our partners as you know. We have a balance sheet light approach to this. But I think that market is something like a $5 trillion market, and the penetration remains very low and we have seen a big pickup in terms of our volumes in this area and I would expect you'll see more. I would also point out that the build-out of the AI infrastructure which Steves dwelled on, and I think is really important, much of that will be in asset-backed finance. And so if you think about financing data centers and financing the power that's going to support that, it will be ABF. And the fact that we have an enormous equity business that invests in scale in both of these areas and have a lot of expertise, makes credit investors and insurance companies particularly want to allocate more capital. So it feels to us like a very big market, early days in terms of penetration, and because these are long-duration assets, I think the holders really appreciate additional spread, and the dialogue in this area is as good as anywhere at the firm today.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks Jon.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Crispin Love with Piper Stanler.
Crispin Love: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I appreciate you taking my question. Just a big picture question on the election, just with the U.S. election rapidly approaching. Can you speak to what you expect to be the biggest impacts due prior to the election, and then how that could impact near-term deployment and realizations? And then how you would also expect the differences between former President Trump or President Biden or perhaps another Democrat occupying the White House to impact Blackstone and the environment over the intermediate term and beyond, and how that could change your activity, just depending on what we see in November?
Jon Gray: You know, I think on the pre-election side, I think investors, frankly, are more focused on what's happening with the economy and in particular with inflation. I know there will be a lot of press coverage of course, rightfully on how the Democrats, Republicans are doing, how things look. But I think if we get good prints on inflation that gives the Fed more air cover to cut rates, that will be more determinative of how markets perform. So I think that is really the key thing to keep your eye on, even though there will be a lot of press focus on the election itself. I think post-election, you could see some very different policies. I would just back up and say look, we've operated in blue environments and red and purple environments, and the constant for us is delivering great returns for our customers and that's what we focus on. And we focus on a lot of these long-term trends that we've talked about, what's happening in digitalization, what's happening in power, in life sciences, the growth of the alternatives business, private credit. We think those are the long-term determinants of value. That being said, what happens here, there will be differences. There'll be differences in the regulatory front. Certainly if you had a Republican administration in areas like antitrust, you would see a different posture I would believe. On energy, you could see, obviously, a different approach on hydrocarbons versus renewables, and you have to factor that into investing. And you could see a very different policy in terms of tariffs broadening out and maybe being certainly higher, and you have to think about that in terms of manufacturing businesses. So the good news is, I think we have a pretty good sense of what that may look like, and we're really focused on the long-term in some of these big sectors where we think there are huge opportunities. And regardless of which side wins, I think those things will be really the critical item in terms of driving higher returns.
Crispin Love: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: All right, great, thanks. Good morning, folks. Maybe a question for Michael on FRE margin. Obviously, as you're scaling or I should say, as you are building the base management fees with the funds coming off holiday and new funds coming into market in 25 and obviously on the deployment on the credit side. As you think about 25 from an FRE margin perspective, I know Michael you've said you certainly want to scale the FRE margin over time. But should we be set up for a step-up in the FRE margin in 25, excluding the impact of whatever happens with fee-related performance fees? And then if you could just remind us of what the  what do you think the comp ratio overall on FRE per is maybe that depends by product. But I have a few questions in there, but basically FRE margin ex-FRE per is the base question.
Michael Chae : Sure. Hey Brian. Look, I think the underlying sort of trajectory and the baseline for margins, certainly ex-FRE per, is one of stability in the near term, and we think operating leverage over the long term. I think you note correctly the two sort of key variables in the near term, fee holidays and that level of sensitivity to fee-related performance revenues on fee holidays, corporate private equity energy transition, both activated in this quarter, as I mentioned. We'll have some other funds that'll be in holiday proportions in the second half. So we'll come through that in the latter part of the year and into next year. Then second, that level of sensitivity to fee-related performance revenues. So core plus fee-related performance revenues do carry higher incremental margins generally as do direct lending incentive fees. On the other side for infrastructure, Q4 represents its first large crystallization. As we've been building and scaling out that business, it carries with it a modestly lower effective margin at this stage of its development. But of course, it's been performing extraordinarily well, and that's very positive for FRE on an absolute dollar basis. So overall, in the near term, we'd expect full year margins to be sort of in a reasonable range relative to last year, where it falls within that function of the factors I mentioned that you cited. Then longer term, that sort of picture of stability and over time of operating leverage. So, I think you framed the picture right. I think you alluded to the right couple of variables, and both the near term and into 2025. Obviously, on a long-term basis we're very comfortable and optimistic about it.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. In terms of the secondary business, there's been an overwhelmingly positive course of commentary from the industry at large. Two things, maybe can you talk about deployment opportunities and the competitiveness of private equity secondaries these days? And then your secondary returns in your investment performance table has trailed private equity and other asset classes in recent years, I think in 23 up 2.5%, and in 24 up 3% to-date. As you go into flagship secondary fundraising, what anchors your confidence in being able to raise more money in the next vintage, and are returns a factor here?
Jon Gray: So a couple of things on the secondaries business. One, I would say is that if you just look at what's happening in alternatives, the growth in alternatives, which has been a double-digit grower now for a long period of time, what we've seen is the need for liquidity as an asset class grows. So that's why secondaries business continues to grow, and our business, which we started with 10 years ago at $10 billion has grown eightfold. So there's a need for liquidity. Even today, if you look at the volume of secondaries that trade, it's 1% to 2% of the underlying NAV in funds, which is very low for most asset classes in terms of liquidity. So there is, as alternatives grow, the fact that this sector, there's not enough liquidity today in the sector, and the sector is growing. It creates a secular opportunity. Also, as you know, in the institutional market what we've seen is a bunch of clients are over their targets, and that's creating a deployment opportunity. So I think we as the largest player in the space feel very good. When you comment on returns, if you look at those overall, they've been remarkably strong. Yes, in recent quarters not as strong, but since inception, mid-teens or higher returns, latest funds, high-teens net returns. So when we think about going back out to raise our next flagship fund, our confidence level is extremely high. Our last vintage, I think, was $22 billion for our private equity secondaries business. The team there, Verdun Perry has done an incredible job. Our expectation is we would raise something larger. So it feels like a segment that is well-positioned, that there is a bit of structural inefficiency that's allowed you to generate attractive returns. Clients are beginning to really recognize that the risk return is favorable, and we think it can continue to be a real growth driver here at Blackstone.
Steve Schwarzman : Just to add onto and reinforce Jon's point. First of all, on the long-term track record, as Jon said, you can see in the investment record, 14% across the business. And in the two most recent sort of invested funds, 24% and 21% net. I would say in the last year or so, the return versus private equity, first of all there is as you know, a lag on the reporting of the secondary business relative to the underlying GPs. Moreover, I'd say the nature of the secondaries business is portfolios that tend to have more mature investments. So I think in terms of the cyclical rebound in returns, that will also lag and be more muted to some degree than the overall market, and what you'll see in our own private equity business. There's also a variable around the sort of the level of deal flow, a year ago and the benefit that comes from buying those funds at a discount to the fund returns in the short term. But long-term overall, it is an outstanding track record.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Jon Gray: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon : Thanks. Good morning. Jon, I was hoping you could expand a bit more on the fundamentals you're seeing in real-estate, which is obviously fueling some of the confidence around your accelerating deployment. I think you mentioned more buyers out in the market, but hoping to get a little more context around the broader real-estate environment.
Jon Gray : So what we said on real-estate, and you guys know, because we've been certainly talking about it for some time, is there are a couple of, I'd say very positive signs that are emerging in the overall real-estate picture. Office, as we've said, is more challenged. Vacancy rates in office today are sort of mid-20s, and it's going to take a while to work through that. In the other sectors, the fundamentals are better. If you think about apartments and logistics in the U.S. 5%, 6% vacancy. Demand has softened a bit, but pretty steady I'd say in both of those areas. Very positively supply has come down 50%-ish in multifamily starts, 75% from the peaks in warehouse starts, so that's very good long term. But the near-term thing that has really impacted price and transaction volume has been cost and availability of capital. So, if you went back to the fall, the tenor was 80 basis points higher than it is today. Spreads were probably 100 or more basis points wider, and the CMBS market was basically closed. That's changed pretty significantly, and the result of that is, in those sectors where we have our greatest exposure, which would be logistics and rental housing, we see 2x, 3x more bidders showing up to buy assets. So I think that is clearly a positive. We have said we don't see some sort of rocket ship V-shaped recovery here. But we definitely have seen, if you look at the Green Street Property Report, six quarters, as I noted, where things have been flat and rising, and the sentiment's improving. So you've got a better cost of capital environment. You've got decent fundamentals, in that sense, the groundwork. And if you went back to the financial crisis of course, we started deploying in the summer of 09. There were still plenty of negative headlines from troubled deals for the next couple of years, and it was a great deployment period for us. There's some similarities we're seeing today. The sentiment, we think, will stay negative because there still will be some troubled assets to work through the system. But on the ground prices have cleared, and some of these headwinds have gone away, and that creates a favorable environment, and what we're doing now is seed planting for the future. So these huge public to privates we've done in the U.S., the big push in European logistics, we think this will pay real dividends for our investors over time.
Dan Fannon : Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Benjamin Budish with Barclays.
Benjamin Budish : Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask maybe a specific one on BPP. If you could give an update on sort of what's happening there with the redemption queue, and then it sounds like based on your optimism around, real-estate performance and inflows potentially picking up over the near to medium term, how should we think about the sort of inflows and outflows of that fund evolving over the next, say, six to 12 months? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Yeah. In our Core+ institutional business, we've seen a little bit of a pickup. It's still single digit in terms of the redemption queue across our BPP product line. I think, as you know in this, different than what we have in our individual investor vehicle, that it's based on new capital coming in, in terms of providing liquidity over time, and the institutional investors have a recognition that it takes time in a period of like this to get liquidity. As I said earlier on fundraising, my expectation would be open-ended funds will take some time before investors feel a little more confident. We're starting to see some interest, particularly folks thinking about could they buy in at a little bit of a discount and so forth. But I think it's a question of working our way through the cycle. Again here, I think we've done a very nice job on how we've set these portfolios up for success over time in terms of the portfolio positioning. But I would say my expectations on inflows here would be a little bit muted over the near term. But as fundamentals, certainly as real-estate starts to deliver more positive performance, we can see the shift and that's exactly what happened. If you went back to the post-financial crisis period, interestingly what you see in that case is people want to get deployed and then they pull their redemptions from the queue. So in many cases, they get in the queue thinking about, well maybe I want liquidity. Then when the world turns, they pull that back. So, I think that could happen over time as well, and it is obviously a tie here to what happens in the cycle.
Benjamin Budish : Got it. Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken : Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, was curious, given the tightening of redemption limits that we saw at SREIT during the quarter, can you speak to the impact that you saw in the wealth market on the back of that? I mean, totally appreciate that BREIT is dramatically better positioned and you all actually allowed for more redemptions when above the limit and a clear sign of strength. So it's not really about BREIT specifically, but more about what SREIT, that impact that had on that market and maybe risk appetites. Thanks.
Jon Gray: As you noted, there was a short-term impact in May in BREIT specifically as investors got nervous. We were able to assure investors that we managed the liquidity in a very differentiated way, and then we saw in June redemption specifically in BREIT come down pretty sharply 50% from May levels. As I noted in my remarks, month-to-date so far, they've come down additionally. We have not seen a dramatic change or frankly much of a change in terms of sentiment or what's happening in the private wealth channel. I think in real estate specifically, investors are still waiting and seeing here a bit, although we pointed out in the quarter, we had our best inflows in BREIT in a year. BCRED had its best quarter in two years in fundraising and BXPE has continued to raise significant money, and that has been a very successful launch in the first six months. Ultimately, this is about performance. That's what matters. That's what drives things. It's the same story as our institutional business. We are relentless in focusing on where we invest capital, how we manage the assets and how we deliver returns. If you look at BREIT since inception, remarkable double-digit net returns over 7.5 years, more than double the public REIT index. You look at the double-digit net returns in BCRED, the strong start for BXPE, this is what ultimately matters to our underlying clients, and this is what we've got to do. I think, frankly, getting through this downturn period and people seeing the semi-liquid structure work, I think will give additional confidence. So, as long as we continue to execute, I think that's the key in this private wealth channel. I feel good about our ability to do that. So our confidence in the channel remains extremely high.
Brennan Hawken : Great. Thanks for that color.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much. Maybe to pick up on the retail discussion, you were obviously very early and very prescient in terms of building the platform. However, the last number of years has been a very big pickup of focus and new players into that. So, I was wondering, as you look ahead, how you sort of see the evolution of the wealth management opportunity, certainly a big denominator. But how do you think the competition shakes out and how are the conversations with the financial advisors and intermediaries playing out in terms of how they are allocating to the bigger brands? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Bill. It's definitely an area of large-scale opportunity, and everybody in the industry is recognizing this now. I think credit to our firm to get into this well before other people, to focus on financial advisors and their underlying clients, to build out now a 300-plus person global team led by Joan Solotar that's focused on serving individual investors and also innovating, creating these perpetual products that brought costs down very significantly from what had existed historically in non-traded REITs, non-traded BDCs, and really innovating to create things that would work from a cost structure, tax standpoint, liquidity standpoint. So I think we will see more competitors move into the space. The advantage we have is our brand. I touched on it at the end of my remarks, but I think that is perhaps the most powerful asset of our firm along with our people. Investors know us, trust us, because we've done such a great job investing capital for four decades. The relationship and reservoir of goodwill we have with individual investors in in the products, in the results we've delivered in BREIT and BCRED, and in the drawdown funds that we have sold into the channel have built up a lot of positive feelings. So I think others will show, but we're continuing to innovate here. We talked about in the remarks, new products in infrastructure and multi-asset credit. I think the one advantage I'd say in this market versus the institutional market, there you can have thousands and thousands of individual private equity firms or real-estate firms, credit firms. I think when you get to private wealth, the brands are going to matter, the scale, the ability to service. I think it'll be a smaller number of players in that segment. It'll grow over time, but it requires something different. We have a pretty meaningful first mover advantage, $240 billion of total assets. We are absolutely committed to delivering great performance and great service to the underlying customer. So, we recognize it's going to be more competitive. Others will try to do things in the marketplace. We respect them, but we really like our first mover position in this very large and growing market.
Bill Katz: Thanks Jon.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go ahead to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Most of mine have been asked. I guess, the gross to net flow GAAP in AUM was fairly dramatic for a low realization quarter. So to what extent is that a result of the assets moving between strategies and/or funds? And if so, could you give the volume of that rotation that was included in gross flows, if any? Then taking a step back, is this a trend we should expect more of on a go-forward basis, or do you think 2Q was uniquely large? Thanks.
Michael Chae: Yeah, I think Patrick, there has been over time a bit more of that dynamic that involves to some degree the open-ended funds and the nature of how those work. There have been some shifts in terms of allocation of capital between businesses that cross segments. Also, we had in the second quarter that the move from a reporting standpoint, a couple of businesses between credit and BXMA. So that's been  the nature of the business involves more of that, but its not  I think it's not going to be dramatically different over time.
Patrick Davitt : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our last question from the line of Arnaud Giblat with BNP.
Arnaud Giblat: Good morning. A quick question on the wealth channel. I'm just wondering if you could share with us why you think the European semi liquid products lag so much versus the U.S. products? And do you think that a refresh of the rules with the new ELTIF 2.0 rules are likely to offer material opportunity to grow in the European wealth channel?
Jon Gray: So we love Europe. I'll be there next week, but it is harder on the regulatory front. If you look at the European Union, you have a completely different set of rules for private wealth products, almost by country, and some of the rules, I do believe, need to be updated. The definitions of who can invest, the term professional investor, which is technical. There are a lot of limitations by country, and the structures you can use are very different. So you have to attack Italy different than Switzerland and Spain or Germany. We built up a lot of capabilities. We're having some success today with our European direct lending platform, although it's still small. I think European investors ultimately will want the same thing as U.S. investors. They tend to be a little more risk averse as you know, but I think their desire for strong returns in a product that's designed and works for them will be high. We're a persistent bunch. We're going to stick at it in Europe. We do want to work with the regulators to try to make this a little bit more of a user-friendly environment. The distributors, the big financial institutions recognize this as well. So I think it's a long-term process. I think it can change. We've seen some changes in places like Japan that were conducive to selling some of these private wealth products. I think we will over time hopefully see changes in Europe, because I think the products make a lot of sense for customers. So, we'll stick at it, and it's probably going to take some time.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time I'd like to turn the call back over to Weston Tucker for any additional or closing remarks.
Weston Tucker : Thank you everyone for joining us today, and look forward to following up after the call. Have a great day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2024 Investor Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Katie, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's first quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press and slide presentation, which are available on our Web site. We expect to filed our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward looking-statements, which are uncertain and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For discussion of some of the factors that could affect results, please see the risk factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to certain non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our Web site. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So on results quickly, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.6 billion, distributable earnings were $1.3 billion or $0.98 per common share and we declared a dividend of $0.83, which will be paid to holders of record as of April 29th. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported strong results for the first quarter of 2024, including healthy distributable earnings of $1.3 billion as Weston mentioned, underpinned by the highest fee related earnings in six quarters. On our January earnings call, following a volatile multi-year period for global markets, we noted an improving external environment and shared our view that 2023 would be the cyclical bottom for our firm. While changing market conditions take time to translate to financial results, including realizations and performance revenues, we are seeing positive momentum across many key forward indicators at our firm. Inflows were $34 billion in the first quarter and $87 billion over the past two quarters. We invested $25 billion in quarter one and $56 billion in the past two quarters with a strengthening pipeline of new commitments. Were planting the seeds of future value and what we believe is a favorable time for deployment. At the same time, our fundraising in the Private Wealth channel meaningfully accelerated in the first quarter. Sales for our perpetual life vehicles increased more than 80% from the fourth quarter to $6.6 billion. We've stated before that short term movements in stock and bond markets impact capital flows in this channel. But ultimately, flows follow performance as well as innovation as we're seeing now. We've delivered 10.5% net returns annually for BREIT's largest share class over more than seven years and 10% for BCRED over three plus years. And we continue to successfully launch new strategies, including our private equity vehicle, BXPE, in the first quarter. With $241 billion of AUM in Private Wealth at Blackstone, we have the leading platform in our industry by far. We've established a significant first mover advantage with the number one market share for each of our major season products, along with a high percentage of repeat business across strategies. Blackstone is built on long term investment performance. We've achieved 15% net returns annually in corporate private equity and infrastructure since inception, 14% in opportunistic real estate and secondaries, 12% in tactical opportunities and 10% in credit. In the first quarter, our funds reported steady appreciation overall, highlighted by strength in infrastructure, credit and our multi-asset investing platform, BXMA. Our portfolio is in excellent shape, and our limited partners continue to benefit and we've positioned their capital, emphasizing new neighborhoods, such as digital infrastructure, logistics and energy transition. The firm's thematic approach to deployment is informed by the real time data and insights we gather from our global portfolio, which helps us to identify trends early and build conviction around our ideas. Blackstone is the largest and most diversified firm in the alternatives area with over $1 trillion of assets under management and we believe our knowledge advantage consequently is a unique asset in our industry. For example, digital infrastructure, one of the firm's highest conviction investment themes today, is a powerful example of this knowledge advantage at work. Just as we recognized the rise of e-commerce nearly 15 years ago and started buying warehouses, we anticipated a paradigm shift around demand for data centers, driven by growth in content creation, cloud adoption and most importantly now, the revolution underway in artificial intelligence. Others now know that AI requires exponentially more computing power and capacity than was previously imagined. On a personal basis, in less than two weeks, I am participating in the dedication ceremony for the Schwarzman College of Computing at MIT, which will be heavily focused on this area. What has Blackstone done with our conviction? We identified QTS, the fifth largest US data center REIT as a well positioned but poorly trading public company with tremendous long term potential. Our BREIT, BIP Infrastructure and BPP perpetual strategies acquired the company for $10 billion in 2021, and its lease capacity has already grown sixfold in less than three years. Today, QTS is the largest data center company in North America. We are building a variety of other center platforms around the world as well. In total, Blackstone vehicles now own $50 billion of data centers globally, including facilities under construction. And there is an additional $50 billion in prospective future development pipeline. Blackstone is highly differentiated in our ability to conceptualize the new business area and transform it into a $100 billion potential opportunity. We are also actively investing in other companies in AI related areas. We're buying as well as financing several firms that design, build and service data centers. We recently financed a cloud infrastructure business supporting AI development. And now we've transitioned to addressing the sector's growing power needs, leveraging our sizable energy infrastructure platform, which includes the largest private renewables developer in North America. There are several other powerful megatrends that we expect to drive the firm forward, both in terms of where we invest and where we raise capital. The most compelling of these today include the secular rise of private credit, where we have one of the world's largest platforms; infrastructure, energy transition, life sciences and the expansion of alternatives globally and particularly in Asia. In each of these areas, we've established leading platforms with tremendous momentum. Looking forward in 2024, the market environment will remain complex. The economy is stronger than expected but is starting to slow a bit. In terms of inflation, despite the recent US CPI readings, we are seeing a decelerating wage growth and minimal input cost increases across many of our companies. In real estate, we see shelter costs moderating, contrary to government data. We believe inflation will trend lower this year, although, the pace of decline has slowed recently. Geopolitical turbulence, including wars in the Middle East and Ukraine, adds further uncertainty to the business environment. And 2024 is a major election year as we all know with nearly half of the world's population going to the polls, which injects unpredictability around the future of important policies that impact the global economy. Blackstone is well positioned against this evolving backdrop. Our portfolio is concentrated in compelling sectors and we have the industry's largest dry powder balance of nearly $200 billion to take advantage of opportunities. Our long term capital provides the flexibility and firepower to invest while affording us the patience to sell assets when the time is right. The firm itself could not be in a stronger position with minimal net debt and no insurance liabilities, allowing us to distribute $4.7 billion to shareholders over the past 12 months through dividends and share repurchases. And we are in the early days of penetrating markets of enormous size and potential. With that, I'll turn it over to John.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with the firm's performance in the first quarter and the momentum building across our business. This momentum is underpinned by three key developments; first, the transaction environment has strengthened; secondly, in private credit, demand from both investors and borrowers is expanding; and third, our private wealth business is reaccelerating. I'll discuss each of these areas in more detail, starting with the transaction environment. The market backdrop has become more supportive. The 10 year treasury yield is still down from its October peak despite the recent run-up. Borrowing spreads have tightened significantly and the availability of debt capital has increased significantly. We're also seeing M&A activity and the IPO market restarting. As we've stated before, the recovery will not be a straight line but we're not waiting for the all-clear sign to invest. We deployed $25 billion in the first quarter and committed an additional $15 million to pending deals, including subsequent to quarter end. We were most active in our credit and insurance area, which I'll discuss further in a moment. In real estate, we shared our view in January that commercial real estate values were bottoming, providing the foundation for an increase in transaction activity. This has coincided with several major investments by Blackstone. Just last week, we announced a $10 billion take-private of a high quality rental housing platform, Air Communities, which follows our announcement in January to privatize Tricon Residential. Rental housing remains a major investment theme for us given the structural shortage in this space. US is building roughly the same number of homes today as in 1960 despite having almost twice the population. We are also quite focused on European real estate where we've now raised $7.6 billion for our new flagship vehicle as of quarter end. In private equity, we closed the acquisition of Rover in the first quarter, a leading digital marketplace in the pet space, along with an online payments business in Japan and a healthcare platform in India. The economy in India, which I visited two weeks ago, remains incredibly strong. We're fortunate to have what we believe is the largest private equity and real estate platform in that country. Back home, our dedicated life science business announced a $750 million collaboration with Moderna to support the development of mRNA vaccines for influenza. And our growth equity fund invested in 7 Brew, an innovative quick service coffee franchisor. As Steve highlighted, we are planting the seeds of future realizations. Turning to the second key development, our expansion in private equity credit. There is powerful innovation underway in the traditional model of providing credit to borrowers. Our corporate, insurance and real estate debt businesses comprise over 60% of the firms total inflows in the first quarter and nearly 60% of deployment. We continue to see strong interest in non-investment grade strategies, such as opportunistic, direct lending and high yield real estate lending. We're also now seeing a dramatic increase in demand from our clients for all forms of investment grade private credit, including infrastructure, particularly in energy transition and digital infrastructure, residential real estate, commercial and consumer finance, fund finance and other types of asset based credit. In our investment grade focused business, we believe there is a massive opportunity to deliver higher returns to clients with lower risk by moving a portion of their liquid IG portfolios to private markets. Alternatives have taken meaningful share of public equity portfolios over the past 30 years but little on the fixed income side. In the insurance channel, this migration has been underway and we've created a capital light, open architecture model that can serve a multitude of limited partners. Worth noting we crossed the $200 billion AUM milestone in insurance this quarter, up 20% year-over-year. In addition to our four largest clients, we now have FMA relationships with 14 insurers, which continue to grow in number and size. We placed or originated $14 billion of A-rated credits on average for them in the first quarter, up 71% year-over-year and nearly $50 billion since the start of 2023. These credits generated approximately 200 basis points of excess spread over comparably rated liquid credits. In addition to insurance clients, pension funds and other LPs see the value we're creating in private credit, and there's been a strong response to our product offerings. With nearly $420 billion in BXCI and real estate credit, we're extremely well positioned to directly originate high quality assets on behalf of a much larger universe of investors. We've also established numerous origination relationships as well as bank partnerships, most recently with Barclays and KeyBank in areas like consumer credit card receivables, fund finance, home improvement and infrastructure credit, and we plan to add more. These arrangements are a win-win. They create more flow for our investors who want to hold these investments, these assets long term, and they help our partners better serve their customers. We expect our credit and insurance platforms to grow significantly from here. Moving to the third key development, the reaccelerating trends in our private wealth business. In January, we noted our momentum building as market volatility receded. And with the launch of BXPE, we now offer three large scale perpetual vehicles, providing individual investors access to even more of the scale and breadth of Blackstone. Our sales in the wealth channel were a robust $8 billion in the first quarter, including $6.6 billion for the perpetual strategies, as Steve noted. Subscriptions for the perpetuals increased 83% from Q4 and marked the best quarter of fundraising from individuals in nearly two years. BCRED led the way, raising $2.9 billion. BXPE has received very strong investor reception, raising $2.7 billion in its debut quarter, and we plan to expand to more distributors over the coming months. Over 90% of advisers that have transacted with BXPE have previously done so with BREIT or BCRED, illustrating the affinity for our products and the power of the Blackstone brand in this channel. At the same time, BREIT has successfully navigated a challenging two year period for real estate markets. Its semi-liquid structure has worked as designed by providing liquidity while protecting performance. BREIT has delivered double the return of the public REIT index since inception over seven years. This outperformance continued with strong results in Q1, underpinned by outstanding portfolio positioning that includes growth in its data center exposure. Repurchase requests in BREIT have fallen 85% from the peak to the lowest level in nearly two years and the vehicle is no longer in proration. We're now seeing encouraging signs in terms of new sales while repurchase requests are continuing their decline in April as well. We are confident in the recovery of BREIT flows over time given performance. When looking at the $80 trillion private wealth landscape overall, allocations remain extremely low, and we expect a long runway of growth ahead. In closing, the firm is exceptionally well positioned, supported by both cyclical and secular tailwinds, that's why we believe the future is very bright for Blackstone. With that, I'll turn things over to Michael Chae.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Firm delivered strong results in the first quarter, highlighted by the reacceleration of fee related earnings. I'll first review financial results and will then discuss investment performance and the forward outlook. Starting with results. Fee related earnings increased 12% year-over-year to $1.2 billion or $0.95 per share, the highest level in six quarters and the third best quarter in firm history, powered by double digit growth in fee revenues, coupled with the firm's robust margin position. With respect to revenues, the firm's expansive breadth of strategies lifted management fees to a record $1.7 billion. Notably, Q1 reflected the 57th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth of base management fees at Blackstone. Fee related performance revenues doubled year-over-year to $296 million generated by multiple perpetual capital vehicles in credit and real estate, including a steadily growing contribution from our direct lending business, scheduled crystallization in our European BPP logistics strategy and BREIT. The setup for these high quality revenues is favorable in 2024 and beyond, which I'll discuss further in a moment. With respect to margins, FRE margin was 57.9% in the first quarter, in line with full year 2023. Distributable earnings were $1.3 billion in the first quarter or $0.98 per common share, stable year-over-year and underpinned by the growth in FRE. Net realizations remain muted at $293 million. And going forward, we expect a lag between improving markets and a step-up in net realizations. In the meantime, the firm's strong underlying FRE generation has supported a consistent and attractive baseline of earnings with Q1 representing the 10th consecutive quarter of FRE over $1 billion. We did execute a number of sales in the quarter, including a stake in one of the largest cell tower platforms, public stock of the London Stock Exchange Group and the sales of certain other public and private holdings. We also closed or announced several dispositions in our real estate and infrastructure perpetual vehicles, which as a reminder, do not earn performance revenues based on individual asset sales but on NAV appreciation. These included a trophy retail asset in Milan for EUR1.3 billion, representing the largest real estate single asset sale ever in Italy, portfolio of warehouses in Southern California and a prime office building in Seoul. Each of these sales generated a substantial profit individually and in aggregate, a gross multiple of invested capital of approximately 2 times. These dispositions exemplify the significant quality and embedded value within the firm's investment portfolio. Turning to investment performance. Our funds generated healthy overall appreciation in the first quarter, as Steve noted. Infrastructure led the way with 4.8% appreciation in the quarter and 19% over the last 12 months with broad gains across digital, transportation and energy infrastructure. The QTS data center business was the single largest driver of appreciation for BIP, BREIT and BPP US and for the firm overall in Q1. The comingled BIP vehicle has generated 15% net returns annually since inception, powering continued robust growth with platform AUM increasing 22% year-over-year to $44 billion. The corporate PE funds appreciated 3.4% in the quarter and 13% for the LTM period. Our operating companies overall reported healthy, albeit decelerating, revenue growth along with margin strength. In credit, we reported another outstanding quarter in the context of strong fundamentals and debt marks generally and tightening spreads with a gross return for the private credit strategies of 4.1% and 17% for the LTM period. The default rate across our nearly 2,000 noninvestment grade credits is less than 40 basis points over the last 12 months with zero new defaults in our private credit business in Q1. Our multi-asset investing platform, BXMA, reported a 4.6% gross return for the absolute return of composite and 12% for the last 12 months, the best quarterly performance in over three years and the 16th quarter in a row of positive returns. Since the start of 2021, the composite has delivered nearly double the return of the 60-40 portfolio net of fees, a remarkable result in liquid markets. Finally, in real estate, the Core+ funds appreciated 1.2% in the first quarter, while the BREP opportunistic funds appreciated 0.3%. These returns include the negative impact of currency translation for our non-US holdings related to the stronger US dollar, equating to 20 and 60 basis points impact on each strategy respectively. As Jon noted, we see a recovery under way in commercial real estate, and in our portfolio cash flows are growing or stable in most areas. Overall, strong returns lifted net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet, affirmed store value sequentially to $6.1 billion or $5 per share. Meanwhile, performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground increased to a record $515 billion. The resiliency and strength of the firm's investment performance over many years and across cycles powers the Blackstone innovation machine and provides the foundation of future growth. Moving to the outlook, where several embedded drivers support a favorable multiyear picture of growth. First, the firm has raised approximately $80 billion that is not yet earning management fees and new drawdown fund vintages that haven't yet turned on along with certain other funds. These will commence when investment periods are activated or capital is deployed depending on the strategy. We plan to activate our corporate private equity flagship this quarter, which has raised over $19 billion to date, followed by an effective four month of fee holiday. We expect to activate several other drawdown funds over the balance of the year followed by respective fee holidays. Second, our platform perpetual strategies has continued to expand, now comprising 45% of the firm's fee earning AUM. As a reminder, our private wealth perpetual vehicles, including BREIT and BCRED, generate fee related performance revenues quarterly as will BXPE starting in Q4 of this year. Our institutional strategies, BPP and real estate and BIP and infrastructure, generate these revenues on multiyear schedules with a sizable crystallization for the comingled BIP vehicle scheduled to occur in Q4 of this year with respect to three years of accrued gains. Third, our investment grade focused credit business is on a strong positive trajectory, as Jon highlighted, and we expect $25 billion to $30 billion of inflows again this year from our four major insurance clients [alone]. In closing, the firm is moving forward in a position of significant strength. Our momentum is accelerating in key growth channels and our underlying earnings power emerging from this period of hibernation continues to build. We have great confidence in the outlook for the firm. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I wanted to dig in on infrastructure, the platform continues to build, I heard $44 billion AUM, strong returns, 15% net. Maybe you could just update us on the platform build-out, the initiatives here that can help accelerate growth. It seems like there's a tremendous market opportunity out there. Just curious what you see as the gating item on seeing this business multiples of the size, maybe talk about some of the steps you're taking around expanding your origination funnel and infrastructure and as well as expanding the vehicles for capital raising across the return spectrum and customer sets globally?
Jon Gray: Infrastructure is clearly an area with a lot of potential for us. As a reminder, our program is less than six years old at this point, and we're already at $44 billion. The key, like building everything we do is delivering performance for the customers. Sean Klimczak and the team have delivered 15% net returns since inception in an open ended vehicle, which is different than many of the other players in the space. We think that is a very powerful model because it allows us to partner with other long term holders and it matches the duration of the capital to long duration infrastructure. We positioned the business in three big areas; transportation infrastructure, coming out of COVID; energy and energy transition, obviously, a very important area today for a whole host of reasons; and then digital infrastructure, which Michael pointed out, has been the biggest driver of value both in real estate and in infrastructure and across the firm in this most recent quarter. So we think we've done a really exceptional job deploying the capital. We have a lot of clients who are quite pleased. I think the base business can grow. And I think there are opportunities geographically to expand this. Our current fund is focused primarily on the US but we've done a number of large things in Europe. And I think there's opportunities in infrastructure in both Europe and Asia over time, and it's an area that we have real strength. I would add to the mix, infrastructure credit, something we're doing as well. And interestingly, when you think about what we're doing for insurance clients, what we have in infrastructure and things like digital infrastructure, green energy, it's very helpful for investment grade debt as well given our insights and relationships. So this is an area where we're still seeing investors showing a lot of enthusiasm. I think it will continue to be a growth area on the back of what we built. I think we can create other products. And we see this growing to be, I think, as we've talked about in previous calls, a triple digit AUM business.
Michael Chae: And Jon, I'd just add on, and I think you might agree that, I think if you step back, Mike, you could analogize its sort of the multi decade growth path of real estate, that business overall with respect to another area of relapse that's infrastructure, and that is geographic/regional expansion, expansion up and down the risk return spectrum, cross asset classes between equity and debt and also serving different customer channels, whether it's retail insurance or institutional. So that's another way to dimension it.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: My question is on real estate. So with deployments picking up with both the Tricon and Apartment Income take privates, and John, I heard your comments earlier this morning, but it sounds like the Blackstone house view is that the work from home and interest rate hit are now baked into cap rates. So given all this, can you comment on where we are in the investing cycle, be it dry powder at BREP, BPP and BREIT? And I also wanted your perspective on returns now that BREIT is back above its [prep] putting 2Q in a better position for [FRPR]?
Jon Gray: As we've talked about and you noted, there have been two big headwinds here. One in the office sector, specifically in the US where we have very little exposure, the impact of remote work and also capital needs in older office buildings. The second thing has just been the movement upward in interest rates and the rise in spreads that happened. And both of those, I believe, peaked back in October and that has really worked its way through the market. Interestingly, of course, there'll still be plenty of challenging headlines from assets that were financed in a different environment as they work their way through the system, and that's sort of -- it's almost as if something happened to a ship at sea and then it comes ashore. We saw this after the financial crisis where real estate values bottomed in that summer of '09 but you had negative headlines in real estate for the next three years. We spent a lot of that time, of course, deploying capital into that dislocated period where people were still cautious. What gives us confidence as we look forward here is one is this reduction in cost of capital. We've obviously seen spreads tighten a fair amount, probably 125 basis points in CMBS in the first quarter and through the end of the fourth quarter last year. We also saw CMBS issuance go up fivefold versus the first quarter of 2023. So that -- and the fact that the Fed at some point here will be bringing rates down, and that's important as well. The other thing I'd add is on the supply front. We've seen in logistics an 80% decline in new starts. We've seen in multifamily a 50% decline in peak starts -- from peak starts as well. And so that starts to lay the groundwork. In terms of timing, I would think about this period of time is a time of seed planting that you want to be investing into this dislocation because there's a lot of uncertainty, there maybe [fore sellers], there maybe public companies trading at discounts. And then over time, as things start to normalize, you start to accelerate on the realization. But first, I think it's the deployment period then the realization period as you move out similar to that post GFC period, that's certainly the way we're playing it. And in terms of capital, we obviously have a very large $30 billion global fund. We said we've raised over 7.5 in Europe, we have most of our $8-plus billion Asia fund still uninvested. So a lot of opportunistic capital to deploy. So we're forward leaning as it relates to deployment, even though we recognize there's still going to be a lot of assets from the previous period working their way through the system.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: My question is around BXPE. Really strong momentum out of the gate, obviously, $2.7 billion that you guys highlighted this quarter and over the last couple of months. What's the vision for this product, I guess, in terms of both capacity and maybe the appropriate size for the strategy as well as the pace at which you feel comfortable taking in inflows? And I don't want to draw too much parallel with BREIT, obviously, very different product, very different customer base. But thinking of that one, I think, peaking at north of $70 billion, how are you thinking about the size and opportunity for BXPE?
Jon Gray: Well, I think it's a great question, Alex. One of the things we did when we designed BXPE was to make the platform as broad as possible so that we could scale the product and we could be flexible on behalf of investors in terms of where we deployed it. So control large scale private equity is part of it; US, Europe, Asia is part of it; Tactical Opportunities, more hybrid equity, part of it; life sciences growth, part of it; secondaries, infrastructure, some opportunistic credit. It's a very broad platform and it enables us to deploy a lot. One of the advantages of Blackstone is just our scale and the amount of deal flow we see across all these different areas. And particularly our connectivity with many other sponsors in the private equity space through our secondaries, our credit business, our GP stakes business, we can be great partners to those folks. Obviously, we can manufacture a lot of transactions ourselves. So we think the potential scale here is quite large. You pointed out BREIT scale, we're over $30 billion of equity, nearly $60 billion of assets in BCRED. We think this can grow a lot. The key is we have to deliver strong performance to the underlying customers. We have to be disciplined in how we deploy capital and thoughtful. I think we've been doing that. I think we'll continue to do that. And that's what gives us a lot of confidence, which is investors want exposure to private equity, individual investors want a little bit of a different structure, and that's why I think BXPE is so attractive. So I think as we come out of this period over the last two years where there's been a lot of caution and negativity, as market sentiment improves, as we show the strong performance from our other individual investor products, I think there's a potential here of pretty good size. Again, we've got to do a good job deploying capital but I've got a lot of confidence, particularly given the breadth of the platform. So the short answer is I think this can grow to be much larger than it is today.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Michael, last quarter, the message for this year on margins was stability. The first quarter was flat with last year. As you think about the momentum in the business that you highlighted and the prospects for growth and growth in AUM, how are you thinking about margins as you think about the rest of the year?
Michael Chae: I think my message is consistent. First of all, in terms of the actual result, as you noted in the first quarter, quite stable, quite consistent, quite in line with both the first quarter a year ago and the full year 2023. I think, as always, we guide people to look not at individual quarters but at sort of the -- on a full year basis. And I think on that basis, we would again encourage people to think about this as -- reinforce margin stability as a guidepost. And then, again, consistent with our message over a long time, on a longer term basis, we do think there's operating leverage built into our model. We obviously actively manage our cost structure. And we think long term, there is a -- it's a robust margin position that well scale and leverage over time. So back to where we started, I would reinforce margin stability as the message and over the long term, feel optimistic about the ability to increase that.
Operator: We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: I got a question to peel back the onion a little bit on this commentary on bank partnership. So when we watch you do something like Barclays where you've taken a credit card book and give to your insurance clients, that makes sense to us, that's like a cash transaction, it's tangible. So we read a little more about the rising of synthetic risk transfer trends. And I'm just curious, that's something that's obviously harder for us to follow. It gives us shivers. It reminds us about 16 years ago. Curious of your thoughts on how much SRT is going on in the industry, how much you do, and maybe you can talk about what type of partnerships you envision going forward?
Jon Gray: SRTs are an area we're very active. I think we're the market leader today in terms of working with our bank partners. For them, these are capital relief transactions, as you know, where you're sharing in or taking first loss positions. We've been doing this with a variety of banks who are highly creditworthy institutions. One of the advantages we have is the strength we have across asset ownership and also corporate and real estate credit. So if we do these with bank partners, we can go through them in detail. The most active area has been subscription lines to date, which as you probably know, subscription lines to private equity firms have had virtually no defaults over the last 30, 40 years. So we like that area. When we work in investment grade or noninvestment grade, much of it's been around revolvers, which historically have had much lower loss ratios. And we were able to go through these portfolios and look at the credits we're taking. We do this, of course, not as Blackstone but on behalf of our investors in various vehicles and funds. The returns -- we've been doing this, by the way, for a number of years. And I just think our ability to look at the underlying credit as opposed to just make a macro call is our competitive advantage and our ability to do this and scale with the bank. So I see this as a win-win. It helps banks with some of the Basel pressure, balance sheet pressures they have and we're able to generate favorable returns. So I think this is a very good thing for the system overall. I think we're doing it in a quite responsible way. Our team is very experienced in how they execute these transactions.
Operator: We'll go next to Crispin Love with Piper Sandler.
Crispin Love: So in recent weeks, there's definitely been a shift in the rate outlook as we're likely in a higher for longer scenario, which is very different than just three months ago. So can you just talk a little bit about how that might impact your outlook for investment activity and putting dry power to work going forward and then just how it might shift the areas where you're most excited about deploying capital?
Jon Gray: Well, I do think it extends the investment window a bit for our $191 billion of dry powder. I think as people were getting closer to anticipating rate cuts, you saw big rallies in both equity and debt markets and that can make it a little bit tougher to deploy capital. In some ways, it's helpful for financings but it also can drive prices up. From our perspective, because we're buying assets so often for longer periods of time, the fact that a rate cut may happen 90 days or 180 days later is not really a long term negative and if anything, allows us to get into some assets at more favorable pricing. So the way I would think about it is it extends out to deployment period. It may slow some of the realizations and push them out a bit as well. But when we think about delivering value for our customers, we see it as a positive. Obviously, for businesses like our credit business, which is mostly floating rate, it enhances returns for our underlying customers. I do think it's important to note that unlike October and the end of the summer when rates moved and spreads really gapped out, we haven't seen that accompanying change. So market seem to be in a much healthier spot. But I do think it probably prolongs the investment window here. And as we keep saying, we're not going to wait for the all-clear sign. You saw a big ramp-up. We had $25 billion of deployment in the quarter. And I think in terms of commitments and then as of quarter end-plus beyond the quarter end, we have another $15 billion that's committed. So you're seeing us move. We did our first deal in growth in quite some time. Real estate, we've talked about, weve obviously accelerated there. In our secondaries business, the pipeline of deals we're looking at is about 2x where it was 90 days ago. So we're seeing a pickup in activity. It won't be everywhere. But I do think it creates more of a chance for us to deploy capital at prices we find attractive.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Maybe just to add on to that question on that pace of deployment in two specific areas, real estate and credit. Just going back to the comment you just made, Jon, about extending the period. But does that make you sort of more excited about potential opportunities given thats extension of the period that could depress prices in real estate? And with massive dry powder, especially in real estate, could that bring that level of deployment back up to sort of prior year levels in the mid to high $40 billion ranges? And then just secondarily in private credit, a little different dynamic with less dry powder but more fundraising. So I guess, same question there or do you think you can get up to sort of similar types of record levels in the mid to high $40 billions in like on, say, for 2024 for deployment?
Jon Gray: Brian, it's hard to put numbers on things, so I'll talk about it directionally. I do think when rates go up, the market tends -- the public markets tend to move much more than what we see in the private market. So for real estate, I do think that creates more opportunity for scalable deployment as some of those stocks move on, particularly if the debt market hangs in there. And so that disconnect can create opportunity. We've seen a pickup in Europe in real estate as well, some of that relating to distress, and there's very negative sentiment, even though the fundamentals on the ground are actually pretty good in our chosen sectors. And we're seeing overall in Europe, I think there, we'll see rates come down more quickly than the US, which is helpful. So short answer, yes, it should help real estate deployment. On private credit, we've got a lot of momentum, particularly in the investment grade and asset based -- asset backed area, that's where we're probably most active right now. The need for capital around digital and energy infrastructure, enormous. The needs for power tied to digital infrastructure but also electrification of vehicles, reshoring, very significant. And there's going to be a huge need for capital. So we see that almost regardless of the interest rate environment. I do think on the direct lending side, we've seen some spread tightening. Rates coming down will be helpful to see deal activity and I think at that point, we'll see a pickup. But regardless, our pipeline and credit both on the investment grade and noninvestment grade size has accelerated. So it's hard to say exactly how this happens but we feel good about the momentum and deployment. And I use my very scientific briefcase indicator, how many investment memos I'm taking home over a weekend, and its definitely been trending up. So I think that bodes well. It's hard to predict exactly how it manifests itself. But it feels like, certainly, this will be a more active year than last year for deployment.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Looking into BPP, net accrued performance revenue, $73 million. I assume, down on this quarter's crystallizations. But IRRs are down to 6%, which I think is below the hurdle rate there. I know BPP is a collection of front end investments, like BioMed and Mileway. What needs to happen here for returns to recover and accrued performance fees to build into what I think are big crystallizations anticipated for next year?
Jon Gray: So Ken, you pointed it out correctly. It's a bunch of different vehicles with different hurdle rates and different performance, some of which obviously are at higher levels, some at lower levels. It feels to us, as we've been talking about, that real estate has moved towards this lower ebb. And it's fortunately a cyclical business, right? When you stop building new supply, as the cost of capital comes down, you get a recovery, and if you look back over time to the early '90s after the 2001 downturn, certainly after the GFC. The great thing is these are long duration vehicles. The capital is going to stick with us for quite some time. And ultimately, we'll get other opportunities when these crystallization events come up. And so I would say the fact that we think we're positioned in some really good sectors, really good geographies, we have big exposure to logistics, in Europe in particular. We've got some really high quality -- we have data centers in some of our investment vehicles here as well. I would say, overall, it's a combination of the quality of what we own and the sentiment in the sector improving. And when that happens, we'll get these unrealized performance fees that happen on a regular basis. So to me, it's a matter of time. It goes to the larger issue of a large portion of our earnings in hibernation, the fact that we're still able to earn $0.98 even though incentive fees are well off what we think their long term potential are, realizations in our opportunistic funds and private equity funds below potential. I think there's a lot of embedded upside in this firm, and you pointed out to one area of BPP. It's hard to put an exact date because it's going to be a function of sort of the pace of the recovery. But we're pretty confident that commercial real estate over time recovers and that foundation is starting to come into place.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: I wanted to follow up on, I think, Dan's question earlier on the margins. Just a couple of kind of housekeeping items maybe for Michael. On the fee related performance comp ratio, it looks like that has been sort of trending -- it was a bit lower in the quarter than we expected, and it looks like it's been a little bit volatile over the last like year or so versus sort of 40% range we tend to expect. So any color there? And then sort of on the same lines, the stock based comp stepped up a little bit in the quarter. Just curious how we should be thinking about that trending throughout the rest of the year.
Michael Chae: I think on the margins on the fee related performance revenues, there is variability over time. But I think it's important to point out, as a practical matter, we think about sort of fee revenues and comp holistically on a business by business basis. And so -- and that gives us the ability, I think, to manage that, I think, thoughtfully over time. So you'll see variability over the long run for BREP margins where some are aligned with the firm margin overall. But in the near term, you will see that move around based on the fact that we manage things holistically, I think, for the benefit of the firm and shareholders. On equity based comp, I think when you step back, there is seasonality in the first quarter around that line item. And sort of movements between, say, Q4 of last year and Q1 are affected by that as well as other puts and takes. But if you sort of step back and look at the kind of growth trajectory. In Q1, it grew about 19% year-over-year. That's lower than the 2023 overall growth rate, which was 23%. That, in turn, was about half the growth rate of 2022 overall. And so we do expect -- you are seeing this move lower over time given sort of stable grant levels and we think that's positive.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steve Chubak: So it was encouraging to hear the positive commentary on private credit deployment despite the reopening of public or syndicated markets. But given the increased competition for deals, you know that credit spreads are tightening, high levels of credit dry powder. Curious if you're seeing any tangible signs or evidence of credit underwriting standards potentially growing more lax and how that could dampen the pace of deployment across the credit platform?
Jon Gray: Its a good [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Please standby as we reconnect our speakers.
Jon Gray: And obviously, at very high multiples. Today, in the first quarter on our direct lending, the average loan to value was 44%. And now part of that, of course, is driven by the fact that interest costs to have coverage given the high base rates, there's only so much debt you can bear. So we're definitely not seeing reckless levels in any way in terms of what we've seen in terms of loan to value. Spreads have come down but on direct lending today are probably 500 over, still pretty good by historic standards. Interestingly, liquid markets have tightened far further. So if you look at investment grade or high yield, we've seen much more movement there. So we still see this as a sector where the risk return for lending money is quite favorable. If you're earning 500 over a base rate today, that's 5.5 plus upfront fees, you're earning 11.5% on an unleveraged basis if you put a little leverage better than that. So the risk return to us still feels compelling. Some sponsors [Technical Difficulty] risk for the common equity, not the capital structure. So overall, we have not seen signs of excess. And there's pretty good discipline in the market and that gives us a lot of confidence.
Michael Chae: Jon, I'll just chime in on that. Two things, one, to put a fine point on Jon's point about 44% loan to values, what that obviously means is, because these are mostly sponsored transactions with new equity being invested, that 56% of the capital structure on a new deal is being put up with cash equity junior to this debt from high quality sponsors. So that is sort of another dimension too that we think the risk reward here. And then on default rates, as I mentioned in my remarks, less than 40 basis points for our business in the first quarter. There is -- we are demonstrating -- because I think a couple of years ago, there were some concern in the marketplace about what would happen with the default rates for folks like us. There is differentiation, there is outperformance depending on the borrower selection and the individual private credit player. And so we're operating at a fraction, I think, of the overall market default rate, which is normalizing. So I think we feel really -- and that's while being a leader in deploying capital in private credit.
Operator: We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Just two on real estate, one housekeeping and one sort of more forward looking. Could you touch on the impact of the rate hedge in BREIT in the first quarter and April to date? And then more on the forward looking side, appreciate the comments on supply and real estate. But given that rates have actually started to back up and sure long rates are a little off the peak but not by much. What drives the confidence in real estate bottoming, wouldn't we need the cap rates to move up as much as base rates or close to as much as base rates have moved up in order to draw that demand into the market?
Michael Chae: Brennan, first, just on the data question in terms of the impact of the swaps, it was about 1 point out of the 1.8% net performance for BREIT.
Jon Gray: And then on cost of capital, certainly a rising 10 year, not helpful, but I think it's important to put it into context. As you noted, it's lower than it was in October but also debt capital being so important. So if you went back to October, it was extremely difficult to borrow money. Spreads were much wider and banks were very reluctant to lend in the space. In the first quarter, as I noted, we've seen a fivefold increase in CMBS issuance. So the fact that debt capital is more available and the cost is meaningfully lower because of the spread not as much the base rates, that's a helpful sign. So it is more positive than it was six months ago. Backing up 10 year treasury, as I noted, not helpful. But the fact that overall, it does feel to us at some point here the Fed is going to bring rates down, there will be some downward pressure, that should be helpful. But the cost of capital overall coming down is helpful. And that's why we're seeing, even today, despite the backup in rates more folks showing up to buy assets than certainly we saw six months ago.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Katz with TD Cowen.
Bill Katz: Just coming back to the opportunity in global wealth management. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about where you're seeing the volume coming from, to the extent you get that kind of granularity from the distributors? And then secondly, just given the tremendous focus on many of your peers into the space, also wondering how you sort of see the competitive environment unfolding as we look ahead?
Jon Gray: So Bill, we see demand pretty broad based. Obviously, we have a lot of strength in US with the biggest distribution partners. We've been at this, as a reminder, for a very long time. We've got a lot of relationships with financial advisers and their underlying customers. The performance of our drawdown funds, the performance of BREIT, of BCRED, has created a lot of goodwill that we're able to tap into. And so I would say it's broad based in the US. We are seeing strength overseas as well. Japan is a market where we certainly have seen more openness to our products and we've had success there. Historically, some of the markets more tied to China, Hong Kong, Singapore are a little slower today, but we've had strength in those markets over time also. And Europe, I'd say, is an emerging market as is Canada. So I think it's a global story. It's still primarily US but it's growing. And within the US, what's interesting is we're still -- if you look at the penetration of financial advisors, still in the very early days. Really a small percentage are allocating to alternatives. And we think that can broaden quite significantly as these products deliver for clients as they begin to recognize the benefit of alternatives trading some liquidity for higher returns. So we think there's a lot of room to grow. And the fact that we have 300 plus people on Joan Solotar's team, we've got this very powerful brand, we've had strong performance. All of that, I think, bodes well for us and makes us a differentiated player in this space.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian McKenna with Citizens JMP.
Brian McKenna: I believe you've recently hired a senior data exec to leverage AI across your private equity portfolios. So can you talk about your approach to leveraging data and AI across your portfolios and what that might mean for additional value creation over time? And then can you also talk about how you leverage data on the deployment front? I'm assuming a lot of the data you have across the entire platform gives you insight into emerging trends globally. And so how does all of this translate into where you ultimately invest?
Jon Gray: So AI is obviously hugely important for our business, for the global economy. I would just frame this by saying, we set up our data science business back in 2015. We've got more than 50 people on that team today. We have focused historically on predictive AI, which is basically numbers in, numbers out. So you could look at a company and you could look at their pricing history and you could do much more sophisticated revenue management than human beings could do, similarly in terms of staffing. And we've been using that as a tool for investing for quite some time now and we'll continue to do this. And we've been pushing it out to some of our portfolio companies. I would point out also that Steve personally with his investments at MIT and Oxford has been a leader thinking about AI. And that has, I think, pushed the firm to try to do more in this space because we had more recognition something profound was happening here. I would say on the generative AI front, it's still very early days in terms of applications. The ability to take language and put that into the machine, produce language or videos, I think it will have a powerful impact, but that's going to take a bit of time. And what I think it will do most is impact customer engagement for many of our companies. I think it will also, on the content side, help in software development and media development. And we're working by hiring data scientists working with our teams, we hired a senior executive recently. But I'd still say on the generative side, it's early days. Now on the investing overall, what we've tried to do is focus on the infrastructure around AI and that is primarily data centers. And by going out there and investing in $50 billion of data centers that we own or have under construction and another $50 billion in development pipeline globally, which Steve talked about that really is the infrastructure. We're also spending a lot of time on power, which is a key necessity to build these data centers. And then we've made a number of investments around cloud companies, contractors building these, the whole ecosystem. So as a firm, we're trying to spend a lot of time. It's early days for us. The biggest impact has been around the infrastructure. But we're working hard to find ways to help our companies be more competitive, and we're certainly trying to make our investment process better. So an area definitely worth focusing on.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: So there's been increasing regulatory focus on the more illiquid stuff, the ABS that you and others are originating for insurance balance sheets and to what extent those should have a higher risk weighting. I know insurance regulators work very slow. But what are you hearing from your 18 big insurance clients on that issue and are you seeing this concern factor into new business conversations with that channel at all?
Jon Gray: So I think there's a lot of discussion around these areas. A lot of the focus has been around securitizations or synthetic securitizations, creating different ratings than a direct rating. A lot of the activities, though, that we've been talking about here have been literally doing private assets investment grade, and very similar to what insurance companies have been doing in commercial mortgages and private placement debt for decades. What we're really doing is taking that model of senior, what we believe safe debt on average A rated in infrastructure, in all forms of asset based finance, in residential finance and putting that directly on insurance company balance sheets. And I think regulators and participants see that as generally a good thing because it's generating higher returns. There's a little less liquidity. Although I would point out when you look at things like ABS bonds, there's not a lot of liquidity as it is, but there is a little less liquidity. But the risk profile of the assets is very much in line, if not safer, than what our clients have done historically. So I think there's going to be more scrutiny. As you know, in the insurance space, we made a conscious choice. We're not an insurance company. We really see ourselves more like BlackRock or PIMCO, what they do for liquid assets for insurance companies, we're doing a similar dynamic for insurance companies and private assets. And we think what we're doing is very sound, it saves, it generates, on average, 200 basis points of higher return than comparably rated liquid assets. We think this is a good thing for policyholders. So we think there will be a lot of dialog with regulators, but the activities we're focused on, we think will be well received over time.
Operator: With no additional question in the queue, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Tucker for any additional or closing comments.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Investor Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions].  At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you. And good morning. And welcome to Blackstone's fourth quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer.  Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month.  I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the factors that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K.  We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholders page of our website.  Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone Fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material at Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent.  Quickly on results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $109 million. Distributable earnings were $1.4 billion or $1.11 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.94, which will be paid to holders of record as of February 5.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported strong results for the fourth quarter of 2023, including our highest distributable earnings in six quarters, which capped a volatile year for global markets.  Most major equity indices rebounded from significant declines in 2022, but with wide intra-year swings, driven by historic movements in Treasury yields, economic uncertainty and geopolitical instability.  Against this backdrop, Blackstone generated steady fee-related earnings of $4.3 billion for the year, underpinning healthy distributable earnings of $5.1 billion. Performance revenues were down as expected in the context of limited realizations as we choose to sell less in unfavorable markets. We've designed the firm to provide resiliency in times of stress and capture the upside as markets recover.  In the fourth quarter, as bond yields declined and markets rallied, we executed several realizations, driving strong sequential growth in DE to $1.4 billion.  2023 was also a year of important milestones for Blackstone. We were the first alternative manager to surpass $1 trillion of assets under management. We were also the first in our sector to be added to the S&P 500 index, positioning our stock be even more widely owned.  We were pleased that BX shares ranked in the top 20 best performing out of the 500 stocks in the S&P 500 index last year. Blackstone is now the 55th largest US public company by market cap, exceeding the market value of all other asset managers.  In December, we released our sixth annual holiday video, which has received over 8 million views, which may not say something about our limited acting skills, but it certainly says something about the Blackstone brand.  Our funds appreciated overall in 2023, highlighted by strength in credit, infrastructure, corporate private equity and life sciences, even as we weathered the difficult environment for real estate.  Stepping back, over the last two years, the campaign by central banks to control inflation has resulted in muted returns for most traditional asset classes. The S&P 500 returned only 3% over two years, while the median US stock actually declined 9% and the REIT index was down 14%. Their traditional 60/40 portfolio lost value, down 3%.  In contrast, Blackstone's flagship strategies generated positive appreciation over this period and meaningfully outperformed the relevant public indices. For example, our corporate private equity funds appreciated 12% over the past two years compared to the S&P up 3%, outperformance of 9%.  Our real estate equity strategies appreciated 1% to 6% compared to negative 14% for public REITs. That's a dramatic outperformance.  In credit, our private credit strategies appreciated 25% growth while the high yield index was up only 2%. BAAM generated a 13% gross return to the BPS composite over the past two years, a remarkable achievement in liquid markets and well ahead of the hedge fund index, which actually was down 1%, and that's an outperformance of 12%.  And finally, our infrastructure business appreciated 33% over the past two years compared to only a 7% return for the S&P infrastructure index. That's an outperformance of 26%. This outstanding performance is one of the reasons we've been able to build this platform from zero six years ago to over $40 billion today.  Overall, the ability to outperform market indices over long periods of time is why the alternatives asset class and Blackstone, in particular, continue to have significant momentum.  Our limited partners have benefited from the exceptional balance of the firm and the careful way we've positioned their capital in a volatile world. One of the key advantages that comes from our leading scale is having more, better and richer private data, which informs how we invest. And Jon referred to this on television today.  Our portfolio consists of over 230 companies, more than 12,000 real estate assets and one of the largest credit businesses in the world. We marshal real time data across these holdings to develop macro insights that we then share across all of our businesses, allowing the firm to adapt quickly to changing conditions.  We believe our access to information exceeds that of our competitors, and it positions the firm's very well as we move towards a world driven by artificial intelligence, an area on which we are already very focused. This process of aggregating data and information helps us identify trends early and often, leads us to differentiated views on what's happening around the world.  In early 2021, for example, it led us to the conclusion that inflation would be higher and more pervasive than the consensus expectation, and we positioned the firm accordingly. We then started speaking publicly that inflation was moderating as early as October 2022 and with increasing frequency in 2023.  Data from our portfolio companies showed that input cost inflation was rapidly declining. We persisted in this view, even when the 10 year Treasury yield spiked to a 16-year high of 5% in October. As we all know, the 10 year subsequently declined over 100 basis points into year-end, the opposite of what many market participants believed would happen.  Our access to information is an enduring competitive advantage here at Blackstone. And this advantage grows as we grow larger.  As we move into 2024, we know that the rise in investor confidence around the shift from a restrictive monetary policy to one that is more accommodating. We now believe CPI is running below the Fed's 2% target after adjusting the reported numbers for shelter costs, which lag what we've observed on the ground as one of the largest investors in this area.  At the same time, US economy has remained quite strong. Unemployment is nearly unchanged since the start of the Fed's tightening cycle. Most consumer segments are healthy, corporate balance sheets are strong, and credit fundamental has remained solid.  In our own portfolio, our companies are showing strong top line performance overall as well as earnings growth as cost pressures have eased. We see a resilient economy, albeit one that is decelerating. What we're seeing is consistent with a soft landing. Overall, with the cost of capital moving lower, market confidence returning, we believe we're entering a supportive environment for our business. While changing market conditions take time to fully translate to our financial results, the fourth quarter reflected an acceleration in key forward indicators, including both fundraising and deployment We're planting seeds and expanding invested capital in the ground. And with nearly $200 billion of dry powder, our purchasing power for investments exceeds almost any other company in the world. I believe that we will look back at 2023 as the cyclical bottom for our firm.  Looking forward, Blackstone is exceptionally well positioned to navigate the road ahead. Our investors can count on the dedication of our people and the enduring nature of our culture, characterized by excellence, achievement, teamwork, hard work, and the highest standards of ethics and integrity. Our employees embody these values, and they approach their work every day with a passion for what they do and an unwavering commitment to serving our clients.  We created an environment in the firm that is defined by meritocracy and equality of opportunity. We do not discriminate against anyone based on race, ethnic background, religious beliefs, gender, or sexual orientation. We are proud of these values.  Our people want to create and build their careers at Blackstone, and there was a huge demand to work at the firm. We had 62,000 unique applicants or 169 physicians in the latest analyst class, reflecting an acceptance rate of 0.271%, a dramatic change from when we started the firm 38 years ago, when, frankly, hardly anyone wanted to join us. This provides the foundation for the next generation of remarkable talent and will drive our growth for the foreseeable future. Blackstone is an extraordinary place and our prospects are very strong. I'm highly enthusiastic about what we will accomplish for our shareholders in 2024.  And with that, I'll throw the ball over to Jon. 
Jonathan Gray : I'm happy to catch it. Thank you, Steve. And good morning, everyone. I'm proud of how we've navigated the challenging markets of the past few years by focusing on the right sectors. We believe we're now heading into a better environment, as Steve noted, with inflation and cost of capital headwinds moderating.  This backdrop is leading to the emergence of three powerful dynamics across our business. First, we believe that real estate values are bottoming. Second, our momentum in the private wealth channel is building. And third, investment activity has picked up meaningfully across the firm, which is a key element of creating future value. I'll discuss each of these dynamics in more detail.  First, as I said, we believe values in commercial real estate are bottoming. This doesn't mean there won't be more troubled real estate investments to come in the market, particularly in the office sector, which were set up during a period when borrowing costs were much lower. Nor does it mean we won't see a slowing in fundamentals in certain sectors with excess near term supply.  What it does mean is that the cost of capital appears to have peaked as borrowing spreads have begun to tighten and the Fed is no longer raising rates, but likely cutting them in 2024.  Also, importantly, new construction starts have started to move down sharply in commercial real estate, which is quite positive for long term values. While it will take time, we can see the pillars of a real estate recovery coming into place.  We are, of course, not waiting for the all-clear sign and believe the best investments are made during times of uncertainty. We announced three major real estate transactions in the past few months, the $3.5 billion take-private of Tricon Residential, a partnership with Digital Realty to develop $7 billion of data centers, and a joint venture with the FDIC to acquire a 20% stake in a $17 billion first mortgage portfolio from the former Signature Bank. We think this is just the start as Blackstone Real Estate has $65 billion of dry powder to invest into this dislocated market.  Meanwhile, in our existing portfolio, we've absorbed the increase in interest rates and cash flows are growing more stable in most areas. We continue to see robust fundamentals in logistics, student housing and data centers, which together comprise the majority of our real estate equity portfolio.  That said, in Q4, the value of our funds declined by 4% to 4.5%, primarily relating to two factors. First, the single largest driver was the decline in the unrealized value of our interest rate hedges as Treasury yields fell. We put these structures in place to fix our financing costs ahead of the rise in interest rates and they have generated significant value.  Second, in our life sciences office and US multifamily holdings, near term performance has decelerated as new supply works its way through the system, the residual effect of construction undertaken in a low rate environment. The good news is that new supply in these sectors, and for virtually all other types of real estate, is declining materially, as I mentioned. We believe that with our exceptional portfolio positioning and large scale dry powder, our real estate business will emerge from this cycle even stronger than before.  Outside of real estate, our other businesses are demonstrating resiliency and fundamental strength. Our credit and insurance teams had a remarkable year in 2023, with gross returns of 16.4% in the private credit strategies and 13% in liquid credit. These are extraordinary results for a performing credit business.  The default rate across our nearly 2000 non-investment grade credit is only 30 basis points over the last 12 months. And in our investment grade focused business, we placed or originated $30 billion of A quality credit on average in 2023 for our major insurance clients, which generated 190 basis points of excess spread compared to comparably rated liquid credits.  In corporate private equity, our operating companies overall reported healthy revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 7% year-over-year, along with margin strength. On the inflation front, wage growth continued to moderate. And for the first time in two-and-a-half years, a majority of our surveyed companies are not finding it challenging to hire workers.  And finally, for BAAM, since the start of 2021, when we brought in Joe Dowling to lead the business, the BPS composite has been up every quarter, outperforming the 60/40 portfolio by approximately 1,200 basis points.  Moving to the second key dynamic emerging in our business, our momentum in private wealth. Blackstone has been serving this channel with a dedicated organization for 13 years, and we are the clear market leader with nearly $240 billion of AUM.  We built enormous trust with our investors by delivering outstanding long term performance, including 11% net returns annually from BREIT's largest share class and 10% for BCRED.  We raised nearly $5 billion in the channel in Q4, including $3.6 billion for our perpetual vehicles. Subscriptions for perpetuals accelerated to $2.7 billion on January 2, reflecting the best month of fundraising from individual investors since June 2022. BCRED had its best month since May 2022, raising $1.1 billion in January, and our new private equity vehicle, BXPE, raised $1.3 billion in January, which we believe is the largest ever first close of its kind. BXPE will leverage the firm's full breadth of investment capabilities in private equity, including buyout, secondaries, tactical opportunities, life sciences growth and other opportunistic strategies.  At the same time, BREIT has weathered the storm in real estate markets and December repurchase requests were down over 50% from Q3 and down 80% from last January's peak. If current trends continue, we expect to be out of proration this quarter.  BREIT's semi liquid structure has worked as designed since launching the vehicle seven years ago by providing liquidity, while protecting performance. In six of those years, redeeming investors were fulfilled immediately. Over the past year, it took a little over four months on average to be substantially redeemed. We believe investors' experience of receiving double the public REIT market over the past seven years with this semi liquid structure is proof of concept. We continue to be optimistic about our prospects in the vast and underpenetrated private wealth channel, given our performance, the investment we've made in distribution and our highly differentiated brand.  In addition to private wealth, we also have very strong momentum in the insurance channel. Our AUM grew 20% year-over-year to $192 billion, and we have clear line of sight to $250 billion over the next several years with existing clients alone. We expect to benefit from multiple engines of growth, as these clients execute pension risk transfers, additional annuity sales, new insurance block deals, and separate accounts for sector specific lending.  Turning to the third key dynamic, the firm's investment activity is accelerating. Following a choppy year, we deployed $31 billion in the fourth quarter, up 2.5 times from Q3, and committed $15 billion to pending transactions. We continue to emphasize key thematic areas, including digital infrastructure, enterprise software and energy transition.  In private equity, we're privatizing two leading digital marketplaces, including Adevinta in Europe and Rover, my family's favorite in the pet space. We also committed to acquire an energy services software firm in the US and an online payments business in Japan.  In credit, borrower demand is multiples of supply today, and deployment in our credit, insurance and real estate credit businesses more than tripled in Q4 compared to the third quarter to $21 billion. And we've also been providing creatively structured capital solutions in TacOps. secondaries and BAAM.  As Steve highlighted, we're planting seeds for future realizations at a favorable moment.  In closing, we're optimistic on the path ahead with multiple powerful dynamics unfolding in our business. The recovery will not be a straight line. But as always, our brand and track record will continue to drive us forward. And our shareholders stand to benefit from the firm's substantial embedded earnings power over time.  And with that, I will turn things over to Michael Chae. 
Michael Chae : Thanks, Jon. And good morning, everyone. The firm delivered resilient performance in 2023. And as we move forward, beyond what we believe was a cyclical trough for key business lines, we are well positioned.  I'll first review financial results and then we'll discuss the key elements of the forward outlook.  Starting with results. Total AUM increased 7% year-over-year to new record levels, led by robust strength in credit and insurance. Total inflows reached nearly $150 billion for the full year, the third best in our history, despite the challenging fundraising environment, highlighting the firm's expansive breadth of strategies.  Fee earning AUM increased 6% year-over-year, while base management fees rose 7% to a record $6.5 billion. Q4 represented the 56th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in base management fees at the firm.  Fee-related earnings for $4.3 billion for the year or $3.58 per share, stable with the prior year, underpinned by the growth in management fees along with continued margin expansion, notwithstanding a decline in fee-related performance revenues.  FRE margin expanded to 75 basis points to 57.8% for the full year, the highest level ever. Fee-related performance revenues were $859 million for the year, with the lower contribution of real estate, partly offset by a 51% year-over-year increase in these revenues from our direct lending business as it continues to grow and scale and impact to the firm's financials.  Distributable earnings were $5.1 billion in 2023 or $3.95 per common share. While FRE was a ballast to earnings throughout the year, the shape of the year was driven by our sales activity.  Net realizations were muted in the first three quarters as we remained highly selective amid the volatile backdrop for broader markets and asset values. In the fourth quarter, we took advantage of more favorable conditions to execute the sales of public stock across multiple holdings, along with a number of other realizations.  In addition, BAAM crystallized its incentive fees for most of its open ended strategies annually in Q4, and the segment's performance revenues increased 43% year-over-year, commensurate with its strong overall 2023 investment performance.  In total, net realizations for the firm were $425 million in the fourth quarter, up 16% year-over-year and up 64% sequentially from Q3.  The growth in net realizations lifted total distributable earnings to $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter, the highest level in six quarters, as Steve highlighted, or $1.11 per common share.  Moving to the outlook, the firm is moving forward with a strong underlying momentum across multiple drivers of growth. First, in our drawdown fund business, we've raised over 80% of our $150 billion target for the most recent vintage or flagships, but less than half was earning management fees as of year-end. We expect this to increase to the substantial majority earning management fees by the latter part of 2024.  We recently launched the investment period for our European real estate vehicle. And over the coming quarters, we expect to activate our flagships in corporate private equity, PE energy transition, growth equity, infrastructure secondaries, and by early next year, GP stakes in life sciences. These funds will earn fees following the respective fee holidays.  We expect to activate our corporate private equity flagship in the near term, which has raised $18 billion to date toward a target of at least $20 billion, followed by a four-month fee holiday.  At the same time, we're moving toward the next vintage of fundraising for multiple strategies, including the near term launch of fundraising for our fifth private credit opportunistic strategy targeting $10 billion.  Second, our perpetual capital platform has continued to expand, today comprising 44% of the firm's fee earnings AUM. Key drivers of recent growth include BCRED and our infrastructure platform, which grew fee earning AUM by 26% and 21% in 2023, respectively.  The commingled BIP infrastructure vehicle has achieved 15% net returns annually since inception, and its next scheduled crystallization of fee related performance revenues will occur in the fourth quarter of this year, with respect to three years of gains.  Third, in the insurance channel, AUM has reached $192 billion, up 20% year-over-year, as Jon noted, driven principally by our four major clients, and we anticipate substantial inflows from them going forward, underpinning strong growth in fee revenues and FRE in this channel.  Finally, with respect to realizations, we are positioned for an eventual acceleration in realizations in the context of more supportive markets, although it will take time to build the pipeline.  Performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground is $505 billion, up 12% over the past two years despite volatile markets and up over 70% in three years. We hold a large scale high quality portfolio, which is well diversified across asset classes, regions and vintages, and net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet stands at $5.8 billion.  The firm's embedded performance-related earnings power is significant. As always, our long term capital affords us the patience to optimize our exits over time as markets heal in order to maximize value for our investors.  In closing, history has shown that Blackstone has always emerged from cycles even stronger. Our business has been built on this throughout nearly four decades. We are now in the process of emerging from a significant cycle. And we are confident that history will repeat itself again because of the power of our brand, our platform, our people and our culture.  With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: My question is on investing. Steve, I think I first heard your bullish commentary at Davos last week. But Jon really supported it today in the prepared comments with the CMBS market reopening, cost of capital falling, spreads are tighter. So the backdrop does seem to be a lot better than when you last hosted a call with us in October. And also, your deployment to new commitments were up nicely too. So what does your outlook for deployments broadly entail for 2024 versus the $74 billion last year? It sounds like it could be a double.
Stephen Schwarzman: Craig, love the question. I would say putting numbers on this is very hard, given the nature of the business. What we can say is lots of good things are coming into place. Right? We've got the Fed moving from tightening to lowering rates. You've got debt market spreads starting to come down a bit. You've got an equity market that has rallied. I think we're going to see you know the IPO market pick up. And then, M&A volume is picking up as well. There are lots of companies out there who would like to sell things, private equity firms in particular. There are folks in real estate who've been frozen here for a couple of years.  So, putting numbers on it is hard, but we would expect deal activity to pick up. It sometimes, of course, takes time to do these things. So a bunch of the deals you saw on private equity, we've been working on for some time, but the path of travel here is sort of up and to the right in terms of deal activity. Putting an exact number, I think, is just tough.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler.
Crispin Love: Can you just give us your views on the apartment sector right now? You made a pretty good sized deal in the space last week. So curious on your views on that deal and just apartments in general as we head into 2024 and how that staff ranks against the other sectors you're most active in in real estate and if you could see additional activity in that space.
Stephen Schwarzman: A couple of things here. There's a transaction we announced last week included an apartment component, but that was mostly in Canadian apartments. The vast majority of the company focused on single family for rent. That space because of the shortage of single family homes has been much stronger. In the multifamily space, as we've noted here, what we've seen is a surge of new supply that was put in place during the low rate period when values had moved up a lot. And that's going to take probably 12 months, maybe a little longer to work through. Right now, rents have moved down to a level where they're pretty flat. In some cases, modestly negative. And as I said, that'll take some time.  The good news is multifamily construction is now down about a third. And so, once you sort of work through this, we should be in a much better place. And the overall backdrop is one of a housing shortage in the United States.  So, single family, stronger near term. Multifamily, definitely a little bit weaker. But in overall constructive housing environment in terms of our investment activity, it's possible you could see us invest into the weakness and multifamily because we've got a long term constructive view, even if there are some near term headwinds.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I wanted to ask about the commercial real estate lending platform that you have from BXMT, the BREDS and the institutional SMAs. I was hoping you could talk a bit about how you're broadening out the platform and the capabilities and how big of an opportunity set do you see given certain end market pressures as well as certain constraints facing US banks and other existing CRE investors?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, we definitely think it's a good time to be a commercial mortgage real estate lender because the sentiment is so poor. And to your point, Michael, capital has pulled back. Banks are trying to reduce exposure. Our business today, I think, is a little over $70 billion in that space. And the nice thing about the capital we have is it really runs the gamut. We have our BREDS funds, which are more high yield in nature. We're raising the fifth vintage of that. We do a transition of mortgages in Blackstone Mortgage Trust. Then we have our insurance clients who want to do more stabilized real estate. And then we also have, for the insurance clients and other clients, what we do in the CMBS market around liquid securities and real estate debt. And we think this is a sector that has really lagged. If you look at spreads, they're pretty wide by historic standards. Loan to values have fallen. It's the natural thing that happens after a downturn. And so, I think this is an area that can continue to grow at a pretty good clip, just because I think you can earn very attractive returns relative to the risk. And just like, on the equity side, this is an area we're going to be leaning into as we move into this year. 
Crispin Love: We'll go next to Finian O'Shea with Wells Fargo Securities.
Finian O'Shea: Michael, appreciate your color on the flagship and management fees. Can you touch on if there's perhaps more of a headwind to come in terms of step downs or otherwise as you go through the flagship holiday periods or if it should be more of a smooth journey from here, given of course stable to improving deployment over the course of this year? 
Michael Chae: As we outlined, this year, as opposed to last year where I think in the second half of the year, there was more of a sort of an absence of significant flagships lighting, Europe being an exception late in the year. But there will be a series of activity we anticipate throughout the year.  I mentioned sort of the multiple funds that fit in that category. Almost all of them, as you alluded to, have a three or four month fee holiday. So we'll be sort of seeing that unfold in the course of the next few quarters. And you will see, all else equal, because of the fee holiday, some marginal pressure on that. But I think when we look at the overall growth rate and how that will layer in, we see an embedded upward ramp on management fees, although it will accelerate later in the year as opposed to earlier. 
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Another one on real estate and maybe zoning in on core real estate for a second. And obviously, lower interest rates should be really helpful to maybe reigniting some of the investor demand for that part of the market. But how are you thinking about both institutional and retail appetite for core real estate from here, whether it's BPP or BREIT? And what is sort of the level of interest rates we need to see where those products become compelling, again, from an investor allocation perspective?
Stephen Schwarzman: Alex, I don't know if it's necessarily exactly a certain level. I think it's about momentum. As you know, after investors have taken losses, even if they're modest losses, there tends to be caution. Real estate because of the lag, and when challenges materialize, will have a number of negative headlines coming out over the course of the year. And so, what happens is, I think investors tend to take their time in terms of pivoting back to the space. That's certainly what happened in the early 90s. That's what happened in 208, 2009. And so, there's caution. So, you don't see huge sort of surge of capital flowing in on a dime. What happens is, as the recovery, first you get this sort of bottoming effect, then you start to get some growth in values, and then the consensus starts to change. What happens in this period of time is you tend to get, I think, the greatest opportunities for investing because you can see the light at the end of the tunnel, but capital hasn't flown into this space. And then, over time, as results get better, there's limited new supply, rates have come back down, then people start to go back in because they feel like it's safe to do.  So, I think the short answer is that will take a bit of time on both the institutional and the individual investor side, but it's tied to performance. And it will take multiple quarters of strong performance where people say, hey, I'm comfortable doing this. In the meantime, we should be looking to take advantage of this lack of confidence in the marketplace.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: A question for Michael and maybe Jon as well. Just, Michael, in talking about the pace of the activations of the funds, just wanted to get your sense of the confidence of growing the fee-related revenue, not including fee-related performance fees as the base revenue, say, at a double digit pace in 2024? And it sounds like that pace will, for calendar 2025, would actually accelerate based on the timing of the activations throughout the year. And then, if you can also comment on your view on FRE margin for 2024. Excluding the impact of fee-related performance fees, I know that that can create noise, but just maybe competence in scaling the business to have FRE margin expansion in 2024.
Michael Chae: Two parts that question. On the first one, on the sort of trajectory of management fee growth for 2024 and 2025, and the short answer is we feel good about it. We don't have a crystal ball necessarily in terms of like quarter to quarter. But, structurally, we have that embedded ramp. As I mentioned, it will accelerate throughout the year, given the series of funds that will light and we see good strength in the latter half of the year and also in 2025, as you point out. We're focused on drawdown funds. That's an important engine of the business. Obviously, among other key positive factors is insurance where we sort of had a lot of visibility and articulated it since we really started scaling couple of years ago about built in, in many cases, contractual inflows from our four large partners and other insurance clients, which  and we are pursuing the sort of industry overall, I think, with a lot of optimism in the credit insurance area. So there are, I think, multiple engines, not just the new drawdowns firing there, although, again, I think it'll accelerate through the course of the year into 2025.  On margins. Obviously, we're in a sort of more challenging macroenvironment. We feel good about our execution on margins in 2023. And what I would say about the outlook is that it's early in the year. And as always, we'd encourage you to look on a full year basis, not sort of measure it on a quarter to quarter. But with that said, at the outset of the year, again, I would reinforce the message of margin stability as a general guidepost.
Operator: We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS. 
Brennan Hawken: You sort of touched on this a little bit with the margin stability point. But one thing I'm just curious about mechanically. So, full year 2023 FRE revenue down almost 3%, yet comp ratio up over 200 basis points, FRE comp ratio. So how's it possible to generate positive comp ratio leverage when revenues are down? Does that just suggest that FRE margin might compress when revenues grow? Or just we should think about our FRE margin stable, just maybe help me understand those mechanics?
Michael Chae: Brennan, I would actually just think about it in the real world, our ability sort of collectively to manage our cost structure, which we feel very good about. There is, I think, structurally robust, underlying long term margin position of the firm that we've demonstrated, the sort of operating leverage built into our model. At the same time, we believe that we take a disciplined approach to cost management and have a fair degree of control over our cost structure. And as part of that, of course, we do take into account the financial performance of each business in terms of management compensation in a given year. And I think you also saw our non-comp operating costs, operating expenses, and you also saw the rate of growth in 2023 significantly lower from the prior couple years. So that's really how we think about it. We're not sort of takers of the environment. We actively manage our business.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan. 
Ken Worthington: I wanted to dig into the outlook for real estate carry. It was clearly depressed in 2023. And, Jonathan, you mentioned the bottoming of real estate valuations. How long do you expect it could take for real estate carry to get back to more normalized levels? Is this something you see could possibly bounce back later in 2024? Is this sort of more obviously a 2025 sort of event? Or do you expect it could take longer into 2026 or 2027? And then, when real estate carry does bounce back to this sort of normal level, what does the macro picture look like at that point?
Jonathan Gray: It's always hard to have a crystal ball where things are going to develop. But, clearly, when you're going through a cycle like this, as we've talked about, it takes a bit of time. And even the sales process in real estate, where you don't have a lot of liquid public securities you take off the shelf and sell, that lends itself to time.  So, yes, I wouldn't expect a big surge in realizations in real estate in the first half of the year. We would expect as we look out over time, it will pick up. It's possible you could do larger transactions with some public companies to get things done. Certainly, our confidence as you get to the back half of the year and into 2025, you feel better about that.  I guess what I would say is, this is a transitional year in terms of realizations in real estate. I would generally keep expectations on the lower side. I would feel a lot better as I look out over time. And the macroenvironment for that is a lower rate environment where we're back to modest growth, or we're at modest growth and we have limited new supply. And people are investing again in this asset class because it's delivering favorable results. So I do think on real estate realizations, you need a little bit of patience. I say that, of course, and then something will happen, but that would be our base case assumption.  The good news is we feel terrific about where we've deployed the capital. The huge exposure we have in some of the very best sectors, the majority of our real estate portfolio on the equity side is in logistics, student housing and data centers, all sectors where we're seeing high single digit rates of growth, even in this environment.  So when the environment gets better, we think we'll have the kinds of things the market wants. And we'll do it when we think values are appropriate. We want to maximize returns for our customers because, as you know, performance is the most important thing. And we think as we come out of this cycle, just like we did out of the last real estate cycle, we're going to emerge stronger. Other competitors, we don't believe will have the same kind of returns, and will help us even further grow our market share.  So we want to do this in the right way. And it may take a bit of time, but we feel very confident about the ultimate outcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. 
Patrick Davitt: Despite the recovery in markets and confidence, there are still a lot of observers out there, including senior executives at some of your competitors, that seem pretty cautious on the view that this is going to be a much better private equity realizations year. Some even saying the PE mark still need a negative reset. You hinted that in the prepared remarks, but could you expand on where you stand on that debate? And do you have any broader thoughts on why there appears to be such a wide disparity in the PE outlook amongst your peers? 
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I guess I'd start with the facts. Last year, we were actually up year-on-year in private equity realizations, and generated strong realizations from that sector, which I think says something about our portfolio where we positioned it and also the marks there. So I think our optimism comes from where we're positioned, some of the sectors in terms of digital migration, what's happening in energy transition, life sciences, a bunch of businesses and sectors that have done quite well, the fact that we had greater than 7% revenue growth in our portfolio in the fourth quarter. We saw margin expansion as costs came down. I'd say we overall feel pretty good about our portfolio.  And I think it's a combination, as we've talked about, of good underlying economic growth, the right sectors, and now a more favorable sort of capital markets environment with inflation and rates coming down. So that leads us to have some confidence here.  Things can change, as we saw last year, quickly in March of last year, with the bank crisis in the late summer with rates moving up. But as we sit today, we feel pretty good. And so, I think in terms of what you own, where you carry it, that leads you to your relative level of confidence, I believe, and so we still feel pretty good about the outlook in private equity.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies. 
Dan Fannon: My question is on BXPE and was hoping to maybe talk about the addressable market for this product. I believe you typically have exclusive distribution relationships at the start. So wondering when you think this will be broadly available and how that potentially could scale?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I'd start with the backdrop on individual investors. We've talked about it on these calls in the past, but there's about $80 trillion of wealth globally, folks who have more than a million dollars of investable assets. We estimate that that's about 1% allocated to alternatives. We'll just call it 29%, 30% with our institutional clients. We think that has a lot of room to grow. We've shown success, obviously, in strong performance with our private real estate vehicle, our private credit vehicle, and we think the natural evolution here is a private equity vehicle.  The strategy is broad based, as we talked about on the call, not just traditional corporate private equity, but tactical opportunities, secondaries, growth, life sciences, really plays to our strengths of this broad platform that we have.  And so, as we look forward here, we think individual investors will respond. And of course, it's a function of how we deliver over time. Initially, we had a very strong start with that $1.3 billion first close, which reflects the relationships we've built up over time.  I think an interesting fact that was pointed out yesterday is 85% of the financial advisors who allocated to BXPE in that first close had already allocated to BREIT and even a higher percentage had allocated to BCRED, showing cumulatively between BREIT and BCRED, showing that our customers feel tremendous loyalty to us. So, the fact that we have these deep long relationships, we've developed confidence, we've delivered performance. I think that makes us uniquely positioned in the retail space. And we think creating access to private equity in a semi liquid format will be more attractive.  There will still be investors in the individual investor space who will invest with us in drawdown funds. But of course, you don't get all that capital back for 12 plus years, and it's got a little bit of a different structure. It lends itself to a smaller investor universe. We think there's going to be a lot of receptivity to this product. We're going to have to do like we did with BREIT and BCRED, which is deliver for the customers. As we do that, we think this product can grow to scale where today it's $60 billion of equity in BREIT, roughly $30 billion in BCRED, $60 billion of gross assets. And we think this product has the opportunity to grow as well. But we've got to deliver for the customers, get out there, engage and do it over time.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Budish with Barclays. 
Ben Budish: I wanted to ask on the insurance inflows. I guess, first, for the quarter, your inflows really picked up quite a bit versus Q3, and I think came in nicely ahead of where you had initially at least kind of indicated last quarter. You were looking for the year. So, was there any sort of pull forward? Has that sort of changed the outlook for 2024?  And then just thinking tactically, you indicated you'd get to the $250 billion over the next several years? Can you be any more specific? What does several mean? How should we thinking this $15 billion, $20 billion over the next, like, three, four years? How should we be thinking about that, just as we're kind of fine tuning our models? 
Michael Chae: I think, overall, there's really good momentum sort of embedded in our insurance and credit business. And then just in terms of, in real time, the interest inflows we're seeing. To answer your first question, we don't get  the sort of drivers of the inflows I don't think involve sort of pulling forward from 2025. It was a balanced attack across credit, insurance, between our insurance clients, direct lending, which we highlighted in the 8-K, $7.5 billion, not just from BCRED, but also from institutional clients, our CLO platform or ABS platform and so on. So it's a very diversified, sort of balanced tack, if you will.  I think in terms of the inflows, we see in the insurance areas, specifically, I think earlier in 2023, we talked about sort of a general range and target of $25 billion to $30 billion inflows from the four major partners. We actually came in a bit above the high end of that range. And this year, I'd just say, as a starting point, and certainly ending point, but as a starting point, we see baseline expected inflows from those four clients in that range or better. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I would just add, given our model, which is an open architecture, the opportunity to do SMAs with other individual insurance clients, not necessarily these four, large strategics, we think that opportunity is significant. And of course, we're out there looking for other strategic partners. And our plan, as you know, is to run a capital light insurance business, managing money, and doing it for a wide variety of clients. Given the performance, what we've been able to deliver in terms of credit quality and yield premium, we think will attract more insurance companies. So this is an area we believe of real momentum. And we think we have multiple engines of growth, and we're going to be at it and having these four anchor clients is very helpful. 
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Brown with KBW.
Michael Brown: I wanted to just ask on the fee rates in the real estate and the credit business. We noticed that they declined in the fourth quarter, and understanding that's an output and can be noisy quarter over quarter. Do you view this as maybe the right jumping off point into 2024? And can you just help us think about maybe the blending of the fee rates on a go forward basis as we think about the push and pull of kind of the lower fee rate insurance AUM contrasted with the higher fee high net worth AUM inflows?
Michael Chae: Look, I think, overall, if you look at our across the firm, sort of the math of our average management fee rate across the whole firm, it's been, I think, remarkably stable over multiple years. If you look at more recently, in the last quarter, at specific segments, you mentioned, credit insurance, if you just do the math, I think it was down like a basis point. So I think it is quite stable, even though the growth  the trend isn't attractive, and I think high margin growth in our insurance area, that does come at a lower sort of weighted average management fee. And so, I think to the extent there's been aggregate dilution at the margin or lowering at the margin over the last few years, it's been  a lot of that is the insurance flows. And, obviously, we'll take that. And if you look sort of excluding the insurance solutions business, the fee rates have been really, really stable.  In real estate, I think quarter-over-quarter, there was the effect of the Signature debt portfolio coming in, which is at $17 billion actually fee-earning AUM. That's obviously an exciting transaction. We do earn different tiers of fees across most of those assets. We earn fees from the BREDS equity we're putting in. We earn a different fee on our co-invest capital, and then an overall fee on the asset portfolio, which is at a lower rate, which is how that works with these sort of large scale debt/asset portfolios. So that is the largest explainer, I think, of a little bit of lowering of the management fee between quarter-over-quarter. 
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Chubak: I wanted to ask a question on election game theory. And I recognize, Jon, that you don't have a crystal ball. You already covered that. But just given the likelihood of a Trump/Biden rematch, potential changes in protectionist policies, energy transition, infra, what have you, you alluded to accelerating deployment across the platform. But do you see any risk of inactivity air pocket until we get improved election clarity? And how does it inform your own approaches to managing the portfolio and your dry powder across the different strategies?
Jonathan Gray: Well, I think there'll be obviously intense focus on the election, but I think it will not deter transaction activity, particularly if inflation keeps coming down and the Fed starts cutting interest rates. I think that will be more just positive.  There are sectors which may be more or less affected, depending on which party wins here, although it's very possible that one party wins in terms of the presidency, another party might win in terms of the House and so forth, and so you end up with divided government and policy changes overall are more moderate.  I think the most important thing to remember from our firm standpoint is we take a long term approach when we're investing capital. And we try not to get caught up in just the news of the day. And if you look at our firm, over the nearly 40 years since Steve founded it here, we've been in governments where we've had blue, red, purple, and we've delivered for our customers in those environments. And since 2007, delivered for our shareholders. We don't expect that to be any different. But I'd say transaction activity is going to be more tied to the Fed's activities than the election. And for us, it's taking this long term approach, but also keeping an eye on are there areas that are more sensitive politically. But, overall, if we think it's a good time to deploy capital, we're not going to let the election prospects dissuade us.
Operator: We'll take our next question from William Katz with TD Cowen. 
William Katz: Maybe circling back to the credit platform for a while. So I appreciate that you have a multi vectored opportunity set there, but there's been some building debate in the market around the outlook for direct lending, in light of the fact that perhaps the issues around the banking system are starting to stabilize as a result of that. So a pickup in the syndicated loan market. How do you think it plays through in terms of direct lending opportunity in terms of both unit growth as well as spreads, appreciate you have a very big fund in the market, but just your broader thought process on how it plays out from a competitive and return perspective. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think on the direct lending front specifically, there is more capital coming into the market today. As you said, the banks are coming back. Although their appetite for bridging things for long periods of time I still think is a little more limited. There are other players coming into the direct lending space.  The good news, going back to the earlier conversation is, we're seeing a pickup in transaction activity. And so, although the supply of capital may be picking up here, I think the demand for that capital will grow.  I'd also say for us specifically, with 100 plus billion in the space, our ability to write very large checks is a very significant competitive advantage. So, the fact that we can commit to a multibillion dollar transaction on our own across our various private vehicles, our BDCs, that is really helpful.  And structurally, I think direct lending's competitive advantage is our ability to give borrower certainly. From the bank's standpoint, of course, they've got to have some flex because they want to distribute that paper. They don't want to take losses. We because we're in the storage business can offer that borrower certainty. And so, particularly on new originations, we think that is an area that will continue to be strong for direct lending. We think the pickup in deal activity will be helpful here. And we think our scale will certainly be helpful. So, yes, I think the environment does get a little more competitive.  The good news is the credit quality of what's being originated still feels very good. The average loan to value last year for us in our direct lending was only 40%, a fraction of what it was, let's say, 15 years ago. And you look across our portfolio in direct lending and defaults are almost non-existent, which is quite remarkable. So the platform seems to be in good shape. There may be more capital coming to the space, but I think there'll be more deal flow as well. And so that's the positive. 
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Arnaud Giblat with BNP.
Arnaud Giblat: I was wondering if you could discuss the outlook for performance fee related revenue at BREIT and BPP in 2024, given what you've said on high levels of competition in multifamily and what that does to rent growth? And also, given the potential for falling rates in the US, how should we think about the potential for lower cap rates in valuations versus the movement in hedges?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I would say this, I go back to the big picture here, which we talked about, which is we do think we're seeing a bottoming in values, but we don't think this is some sort of -shaped recovery. And so, for us, we've said we think it's a very good time for deployment. Putting your finger on exactly what values will move to, it's hard to do. But certainly rates coming down, new supply coming down are helpful for the sector. I would say this, I would expect this year will certainly be better, would be my expectation from a valuation standpoint relative to 2023. But making predictions on exactly where it lands, I think that's tough to do this early in the year, but there are some good fundamental things happening on the ground.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Weston Tucker for any additional or closing remarks.
Weston Tucker : Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2023 Investor Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Thank you, Katie, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's third quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to certain non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $921 million. Distributable earnings were $1.2 billion or $0.94 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.80 which will be paid to holders of record as of October 30. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Before we begin, I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge the recent events in Israel. We were shocked by the horrific terrorist attacks that occurred which are an affront to our shared human values. We are deeply saddened by the violence and tragic loss of life unfolding in the region. Our thoughts are with the people of Israel, our colleagues there and all of those enduring pain and hardship throughout the region. Turning to our results. The third quarter of 2023 was a volatile period for global markets including a dramatic increase in bond yields. Most major equity indices have declined and the median U.S. stock is negative on a year-to-year basis. Higher interest rates along with the confluence of other factors with the economic uncertainty, geopolitical turbulence, high fiscal deficits, political dysfunction, and labor unrest have adversely impacted investor sentiment. Today's environment is an extremely challenging one for investors to navigate. Against this backdrop, Blackstone generated distributable earnings of $1.2 billion in the third quarter, which were stable with the second quarter. The environment today is less favorable for realizations, so we've chosen to sell less. But the firm's underlying earnings power continues to build. We remain focused on executing the operating plans for our companies and driving the long-term value of our holdings. Our limited partners continue to benefit from the favorable positioning of our portfolio with resilient fundamentals in the sectors where we focused, which Jon will discuss further. Result is that nearly all of our flagship strategies outperformed market indices in the third quarter as they have for nearly 40 years. The firm's global scale gives us deep insights into what's happening in the real economy, which inform how we position the firm and construct our portfolios amid changing conditions. We've been saying consistently that we believe the Fed will keep rates higher for longer and we didn't share the previous consensus view that they would cut rates by the end of this year. What we are seeing in the data, an economy that's strong today, but decelerating. We also see that significant progress is being made on inflation, perhaps more so than other market participants based on the movement in bond yields recently. In our portfolio, we estimate input costs were largely flat year-over-year. Wage growth is moderating and job openings are declining or it will take time. We believe the collective weight Central Bank actions will bring about the intended effect of cooling the economy leading to the conditions for a more accommodative Fed stance and eventual easing of the cost of capital. Meanwhile, Blackstone's unique diversity and breadth with over 70 distinct investment strategies position us extremely well to navigate any environment. The balance of our firm allows us to pivot to where we see the greatest opportunities at a given point in the cycle. For example, our credit businesses are thriving today in the context of very favorable operating environment, even higher base rates along with challenges to traditional lenders. Investment performance has been outstanding, including 14.4% appreciation over the last 12 months in our private credit strategies and 4.6% just in the third quarter. Unsurprisingly, client demand in this area is accelerating across all channels; institutional, insurance and individuals. Keeping pace with this evolving opportunity, we recently announced the integration of our corporate credit, asset backed finance and insurance groups into a single new unit BXCI. We expect this integration will create a more seamless experience for clients and borrowers, allowing us to offer a one stop solution across corporate and asset based private credit including both investment grade and noninvestment grade. We believe these changes will further accelerate growth and the BXCI real estate credit collectively could grow AUM from approximately $370 billion today to $1 trillion within the next 10 years, given the powerful secular tailwinds and strength of our platform. In addition to credit and insurance, we are seeing compelling near-term dynamics in several other areas where Blackstone has established leading businesses, such as infrastructure, notably including digital infrastructure, energy transition and life sciences. The private wealth channel also remains a tremendous long-term opportunity for the firm. Jon will discuss the positive developments in these areas in more detail. Overall, limited partners continue to move away from the traditional 60/40 liquid portfolio and despite market headwinds they are allocating more capital to the best alternative managers across more asset classes. Blackstone is extremely well positioned to capture future opportunities for growth in the alternatives area, which remains early in its long-term development. We are the reference institution among global LPs, a position that has been continually reinforced across market cycles of nearly 40 years. We have led the industry's evolution and I expect we will continue to lead it in the future. Last month, we were gratified that S&P Dow Jones chose Blackstone as the first major alternative manager to be included in the S&P 500, the largest benchmark index and the last one, the Blackstone was not yet a part of following our conversion to a corporation in 2019. This milestone is a further reflection of the firm's leadership position in our industry and the broader market, as well as our progression as a valuable and widely owned public company. Most importantly, we've continued to generate exceptional long-term results for both our fund investors and our shareholders. This is our mission. It's what drives us forward as a firm. While the market environment will undoubtedly present challenges, will also provide opportunities we are well positioned to capitalize upon with over $200 billion of dry powder. These are the times that best highlight the distinctiveness of our firm and the enduring nature of our culture. Everyone at Blackstone is completely focused on delivering for all of our stakeholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jon.
Jonathan Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. The investment performance we've consistently produced over decades has created a huge reservoir of goodwill with our customers, allowing us to grow even in difficult periods. Meanwhile, our platform expansion provides multiple ways to win for them across market cycles and as Steve noted, virtually all customer channels are increasing their allocations to alternatives over time, many in a material way. These key pillars give me great confidence in the future of Blackstone. Starting with investment performance, our funds generated positive appreciation overall in the third quarter compared to declines in nearly all major market indices with significant strength in private credit, infrastructure and life sciences. Against the backdrop where the cost of capital has risen considerably, it is critical to own high quality businesses with secular tailwinds or assets that benefit from higher rates like floating rate credit. In real estate, Blackstone is in an extremely differentiated position. The majority of the equity portfolio is in logistics, data centers and student housing, which continue to benefit from robust fundamentals. Our data center business, QTS held in BREIT, BPP and our infrastructure vehicle was the single largest source of appreciation at the firm, driven by explosive growth in data creation that is being accelerated by the AI revolution. Since privatizing the company two years ago, lease capacity has grown six fold with the development pipeline preleased to major tech companies and we are evaluating additional deployment opportunities in the space. In logistics, the firm's largest exposure overall, trends remain favorable with releasing spreads in our U.S. warehouses of over 60% in recent months and similarly strong dynamics in many of our other major logistics markets globally. At the same time, market rents continue to move higher. And sure in other areas of the portfolio, including our U.S. apartment buildings, we're seeing moderation in growth, but cash flows are stable or increasing across the vast majority of our real estate holdings. That said, higher interest rates are impacting valuation multiples in the sector. This is also having the effect of meaningfully reducing the new supply pipeline, which is favorable for values longer-term. Construction starts are falling sharply for virtually all types of real estate, including year-over-year declines of 30% to 70% for U.S. apartment buildings, warehouses and hotels and in the dislocated market, having $66 billion of dry powder in real estate is a significant advantage. In corporate private equity, our operating companies reported resilient high single digit revenue growth in the third quarter with strong margin performance as cost pressures continue to abate. In credit, the increase in base rates has been very positive for our clients. Today we can originate high quality senior loans with all-in yields of over 12% its sub 40% loan to value ratios. Meanwhile, our existing portfolio is stable and default rates remain historically low at under 50 basis points for our noninvestment grade holdings. In our investment grade credit portfolio in 2023 we've delivered 140 basis points of excess spread to our major insurance clients while materially improving credit quality. And finally, BAAM had its 14th consecutive quarter of positive performance for the BPS Composite. Since the start of 2021, BAAM has achieved a 17% cumulative composite net return compared to a 2% decline in the 60/40 portfolio, equating to exceptional outperformance in liquid markets. The strength of our returns and the breadth of our firm allow us to continue raising significant capital in a very difficult fundraising environment. Total inflows were $25 billion in the third quarter and $139 billion over the past 12 months. The greatest demand today is for private credit solutions as Steve discussed, and our credit, insurance and real estate credit businesses comprised over 50% of total inflows again in the third quarter.
BGREEN: Outside of credit, other major fund Closings in the third quarter included our European real estate flagship, which has raised over 4 billion to date. Over half of our investment activity in real estate this year has been in Europe, given greater dislocation and pressure on sellers in the region. We also raised $1.2 billion in tactical opportunities, $1.1 billion for secondaries vehicles and an additional $500 million for our corporate private equity flagship. We previously highlighted several other growth avenues with favorable momentum. We've been innovating and planting seeds in these areas, which have now blossomed into major businesses at Blackstone. Our infrastructure platform has grown to $40 billion in only five years, including 28% growth in the last 12 months. Performance has been extraordinary with 17% net returns annually since inception for our BIP vehicle. Given the immense funding needs for infrastructure projects globally and our performance, we believe this could be a $100 billion business over time. Key areas of focus include digital infrastructure, such as QTS, along with the energy transition. BIP's largest investment in Q3 was a wind and solar portfolio from AEP, which is part of a broader renewable asset strategy. Other signs significant investments by the firm recently in energy transition include additional capital in the nation's largest private renewables developer and a stake in a major U.S. utility to support its transition to green energy. And in credit, we committed $600 million in Q3 through a platform we're building to provide preferred equity financing to leading renewable companies. With BIP and our dedicated credit and private equity energy transition vehicles, we are extremely well positioned to benefit from the massive tailwinds in this rapidly growing sector. In Life Sciences our BXLS business had a terrific quarter and is experiencing strong momentum. Our funds appreciated 11.7% with notable positive developments for several lifesaving medications and technologies including an anticoagulant drug to help prevent strokes, a treatment for hypertension and a next generation implantable defibrillator. We're also being actively deploying capital, most recently to help fund a leading biotech firm focused on treatments for rare diseases. We plan to start raising our next life sciences flagship vehicle early next year. Finally, in private wealth, we raised $3.3 billion in our perpetual vehicles in the third quarter, led by BCRED. For BREIT while sales remain muted due to the environment at $724 million, we repurchase requests have declined materially, down nearly 30% from Q2 and nearly 60% from the January peak. BREIT's larger share classes delivered 12% net returns since inception approximately seven years ago, nearly four times the public REIT index. Meanwhile, all investors have been submitting repurchase requests during the proration period have been substantially redeemed in six months or less. BREIT's semi liquid vehicle has worked exactly as intended by providing liquidity for investors in a deliberate and thoughtful way, while protecting performance. Blackstone has established the largest private wealth alternative platform in the world. Now in addition to our perpetual strategies in real estate and credit, we're extending our leading franchise to include private equity with the launch of a new perpetual vehicle BXPE. This diversified vehicle will leverage the firm's unique breadth of investment capabilities across the PE spectrum, including buyout, secondaries, tactical opportunities, life sciences and other opportunistic strategies. We are working with several distributors and expect inflows to start early next year. We're excited to add this new vehicle to our product lineup and remain optimistic about our long-term growth trajectory in this vast and under penetrated channel. In closing, despite the markets near-term challenges, we remain focused on delivering for our investors over the long-term. We are executing our asset light brand heavy strategy with minimal net debt and no insurance liabilities and we have powerful momentum across a multitude of growth channels of enormous size. With that, I will turn things over to Michael.
BCRED,: Outside of credit, other major fund Closings in the third quarter included our European real estate flagship, which has raised over 4 billion to date. Over half of our investment activity in real estate this year has been in Europe, given greater dislocation and pressure on sellers in the region. We also raised $1.2 billion in tactical opportunities, $1.1 billion for secondaries vehicles and an additional $500 million for our corporate private equity flagship. We previously highlighted several other growth avenues with favorable momentum. We've been innovating and planting seeds in these areas, which have now blossomed into major businesses at Blackstone. Our infrastructure platform has grown to $40 billion in only five years, including 28% growth in the last 12 months. Performance has been extraordinary with 17% net returns annually since inception for our BIP vehicle. Given the immense funding needs for infrastructure projects globally and our performance, we believe this could be a $100 billion business over time. Key areas of focus include digital infrastructure, such as QTS, along with the energy transition. BIP's largest investment in Q3 was a wind and solar portfolio from AEP, which is part of a broader renewable asset strategy. Other signs significant investments by the firm recently in energy transition include additional capital in the nation's largest private renewables developer and a stake in a major U.S. utility to support its transition to green energy. And in credit, we committed $600 million in Q3 through a platform we're building to provide preferred equity financing to leading renewable companies. With BIP and our dedicated credit and private equity energy transition vehicles, we are extremely well positioned to benefit from the massive tailwinds in this rapidly growing sector. In Life Sciences our BXLS business had a terrific quarter and is experiencing strong momentum. Our funds appreciated 11.7% with notable positive developments for several lifesaving medications and technologies including an anticoagulant drug to help prevent strokes, a treatment for hypertension and a next generation implantable defibrillator. We're also being actively deploying capital, most recently to help fund a leading biotech firm focused on treatments for rare diseases. We plan to start raising our next life sciences flagship vehicle early next year. Finally, in private wealth, we raised $3.3 billion in our perpetual vehicles in the third quarter, led by BCRED. For BREIT while sales remain muted due to the environment at $724 million, we repurchase requests have declined materially, down nearly 30% from Q2 and nearly 60% from the January peak. BREIT's larger share classes delivered 12% net returns since inception approximately seven years ago, nearly four times the public REIT index. Meanwhile, all investors have been submitting repurchase requests during the proration period have been substantially redeemed in six months or less. BREIT's semi liquid vehicle has worked exactly as intended by providing liquidity for investors in a deliberate and thoughtful way, while protecting performance. Blackstone has established the largest private wealth alternative platform in the world. Now in addition to our perpetual strategies in real estate and credit, we're extending our leading franchise to include private equity with the launch of a new perpetual vehicle BXPE. This diversified vehicle will leverage the firm's unique breadth of investment capabilities across the PE spectrum, including buyout, secondaries, tactical opportunities, life sciences and other opportunistic strategies. We are working with several distributors and expect inflows to start early next year. We're excited to add this new vehicle to our product lineup and remain optimistic about our long-term growth trajectory in this vast and under penetrated channel. In closing, despite the markets near-term challenges, we remain focused on delivering for our investors over the long-term. We are executing our asset light brand heavy strategy with minimal net debt and no insurance liabilities and we have powerful momentum across a multitude of growth channels of enormous size. With that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon and good morning, everyone. The headline for the firm's financial performance in the third quarter is stability amid a challenging external operating environment. Despite executing fewer sales in less favorable markets, we are generating a consistent and attractive baseline of earnings and dividends for shareholders. Meanwhile, we continue to expand the foundation of the firm's earnings power across multiple drivers of growth. Starting with results. As Steve and Jon highlighted, the firm's extraordinary breadth has supported continued growth in AUM despite the broader market declines. Total AUM increased 6% year-over-year, moving beyond the $1 trillion milestone, led by 10% growth in the credit and insurance sector. The earning AUM rose 4% to a record $735 billion, driving base management fees up 6% to $1.6 billion, reflecting the 55th consecutive quarter of year-over-year base management fee growth at Blackstone. Fee related earnings were $1.1 billion in the third quarter or $0.92 per share, largely stable with Q2 underpinned by steady top line performance along with the firm's strong margin position. A year-over-year comparison was affected by decline in transaction fees, which are activity based, as well as lower fee related performance revenues. Notwithstanding these headwinds, the firm generated $275 million of fee related performance revenues in the third quarter across multiple perpetual vehicles in real estate credit, notably reflecting the growing contribution from BCRED along with the material year-over-year increase from the BPP platform. Distributable earnings were $1.2 billion in the third quarter or $0.94 per share, again stable with Q2. On a year-over-year basis, net realizations declined given the market backdrop. However, we did execute the sales of public stock in the London Stock Exchange Group and our stake in India based software company along with certain other holdings in private equity. Realizations also included a significant sale in BREIT, which as a reminder does not earn performance revenues based on individual asset sales, but on NAV subject to a hurdle. The sale was of a self-storage company for $2.2 billion, one of the largest ever transactions in the sector, which generated a profit of over $600 million and a gross multiple of invested capital of 1.8 times in less than three years. BREIT's asset sales since the beginning of last year when interest rates began moving materially higher have occurred at an average premium to their prior carrying value of 4%. Overall, we've been highly selective in terms of realizations and activity is likely to remain muted in the near-term given the environment. But the firm's FRE continues to provide real ballast to earnings and Q3 represented the 8th consecutive quarter of FRE over $1 billion. Meanwhile, our long-term fund structures let us focus on building value in the portfolio while we wait for market conditions to improve. Performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground increased in the third quarter to a record $505 billion and has nearly doubled in the past three years. Net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet, the firm's store value stands at $6.4 billion or $5.29 per share. We hold an expansive portfolio of exceptional quality and embedded value including $16 billion of public stock in our private equity and real estate drawdown funds. When markets ultimately become more receptive, we are well positioned for an acceleration in realization activity as well. Moving to the outlook, we remain highly confident in the multiyear expansion of the firm's earning power and FRE with several embedded growth drivers. First, in our drawdown fund business, we've raised nearly 80% of our $150 billion target, but less than half was earning management fees at quarter end. We launched the investment period for the new European real estate flagship in September, which will earn management fees after an effective four months fee holiday for first closures. Over the next several quarters subject to deployment, we expect to activate the new flagships; corporate private equity, private equity energy transition, growth equity and infrastructure secondaries followed by their respective fee holidays. Second, our platform of perpetual strategies has continued to expand including BCRED, which generates B related performance revenues quarterly based on investment income and our BIP infrastructure vehicle with its next crystallization scheduled to occur in the fourth quarter of 2024 with respect to three years of gains. Third, in the insurance area, AUM has reached $178 billion, as John noted, up 18% year-over-year, driven by robust inflows from our major clients from who we anticipate substantial largely contractual inflows in the years ahead. In closing the firm's all weather business model provides resiliency and staying power in difficult markets. Meanwhile, our underlying earnings power continues to build and we have greater investment firepower than ever before. With multiple growth engines driving us forward, we are well positioned for the future. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, good morning. I'll try to simplify this because you just went through some of the building blocks for 2024 and beyond, but it feels like there has to be a little bit of reset down just because in this environment performance fees can only be so much. So maybe my key question is, if you've had good strong double digit FRE growth in the past, can we see double digit FRE growth in 2024 given the building blocks that you just ran through? And maybe a sidebar to that is, is can real estate and private equity work in a higher for longer rate backdrop, which we seem to be in? Thanks.
Michael Chae: So, Glenn, thank you for the question, it's Michael. I'll take on the first one, I think Jon will handle the second. Obviously at this point and especially for 2024, we're not going to give granular guidance. I would say there are a number of key drivers that certainly inform our view over the long-term of sustained double digit FRE growth. In the near-term, I think it's really important the point that I spent time on in my remarks which is the idea that management's fee revenues which were stable quarter-over-quarter, really have an underlying ramp that based on activation of a number of these funds that will be a tailwind for our top line growth. And so as I said, $150 billion flagship fundraising cycles we've talked about nearly 80% raised and less than half, about 45% earning management fees as of the end of the quarter. We expect that percentage to move up to a substantial majority of that total amount in the coming quarters by sort of the middle of next year, so that is a built-in thing. And the reason why we step back again why that that ramp has been somewhat slower than maybe was expected a couple years ago is because of market conditions and deployment, because basically in a lower deployment environment in the context of these markets, the investment periods last all else equal, longer for the predecessor funds and the launch of the new funds are delayed. So the money is substantially there from a fundraising standpoint. From a management fee earnings standpoint it will come on as these funds launch as is the after fee holidays as is the case with the European funds. I think on fee related performance revenues, if you step back, I highlighted the credit fee related performance revenues, if you look and that's in the segment financials, those were up in the credit segment 31% in the third quarter, 57% in the nine months year-to-date. So there's real expansion going on there and as you know that earns incentive fees every quarter on the NAV base based on investment income which is very steady growing source of fees. And then BREIT we think is a portfolio well positioned and the BPP, we have scheduled crystallization in the fourth quarter. We have a meaningful amount next year and then we have a very significant, as I mentioned, scheduled crystallization on the infrastructure in the fourth quarter of next year. That is a fund that's appreciated 17% net historically and we'll have another five quarters of gains built into one of the ultimate incentive fees late next year. So I would just give that as a framing for the underlying earnings power that we certainly see is very much intact long-term and in the near-term, and in next year there's significant, I think underlying momentum.
Jonathan Gray: I'll just add Glenn to your question on, can the firm operate in real estate and private equity maybe more broadly and a higher rate environment. And I would just point to over decades this firm has delivered for customers in higher rate environments and lower rate environments. And the reason is, what we do at our core is what creates the incremental return. So if you buy a business or asset, you improve the management, you allocate capital in the right way. You can generate higher returns even if borrowing costs are higher. And so we have a lot of confidence that we can do that. The other thing I would point out is, when you get to an environment of higher rates as we're seeing on the screen, asset prices can come down. So your entry point in at a higher rate environment allows you to set up transactions better over time as rates come back down, maybe we then see some more multiple expansions. So there's more opportunities for deployment and I would also add that at a moment like this, dislocation comes about. And so when you're sitting on $201 billion of dry powder, there can be situations where people need to raise capital in a hurry, need to sell something quickly. And again, that's advantageous for our model because if you think about what we do, we're not for sellers of assets on the one side and yet we have the ability to move very quickly when there is dislocation to take advantage of an opportunity. And then more broadly, a bunch of our capital solutions business is related to private credit certainly, tactical opportunities which I think will be super helpful and people deleveraging their portfolios are secondaries business which provides liquidity as well, they're well positioned in this environment, so the environment changes. We move from low rates to high rates, but it doesn't mean the basic business of delivering better returns has gone away and the clients' desire for this continues to be extremely high.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you both for all that.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was hoping you might be able to elaborate on the deployment and realization of environment activity. It seemed like activity levels were starting to pick up in August, but then slowed a bit in September as yields went higher. So what will it take for the green shoots that we were seeing just a couple of months ago to convert to sustained capital markets activity? And if current levels of rates persist for the next year or two, what sort of impact might that have broadly on activity levels perhaps for sales and real estate, but also what sort of impact might higher rates have on the broader system and the potential for credit losses?
Jonathan Gray: Okay, Mike, there's a lot embedded there. Let me go. On transaction activity, it's not a surprise when you see in the third quarter and now in the fourth quarter long rates moving as rapidly as they are that market participants pause, and you see a suppressing of transaction volume. And we've seen this in the past in moments of market volatility and instability. And so until you get some settling out of that, I think it will mute the transaction activity on all sides. I think the positives here are the Fed, I believe, is pretty close to done. We believe that based on the progress they're making against inflation also the long end, I think, will start to do a fair amount of work for them as it drives up mortgage rates, as it drives up consumer loans like auto loans. And so I think getting stability in the rate environment, starting with the Fed on the short end and some settling here on the long end will be important. What's important to remember, of course, is there is cyclicality to the transaction environment, but there's ultimately underlying demand for people to buy and sell businesses, could be a company that needs to sell a division, could be a family, could be somebody who needs to refinance because of a maturity. And you look back over the long history of the firm again over four decades, there are periods, certainly after the financial crisis where things were slow, very slow for a few weeks, of course, during COVID, you could go back to other periods of time. But eventually it comes back, because people need to transact. So it's hard to put a date on this, but I would say as a predicate for transaction activity to pick up, you want to see a little bit of settling of rates. If we get that, I do think you will, our pipelines and our various businesses actually are reasonable today. We've got some transactions we're doing. It's certainly not an elevated level, but I do think we need a little settling in the environment. And so, I would say, we have extremely high long-term confidence that there'll be plenty of opportunities to deploy the capital we've raised. It's very hard to put your finger on exactly when that's going to happen. You also asked about, I guess the financial system and so forth. Whenever you have sharp movements, that does create some additional risk. So far we haven't seen anything out there, but there are incremental risks given the sharp movement we've seen in rates. I think the Fed and the fiscal authorities did a good job in March, handling that banking issue. It's hard to predict where the next spot may be. The good news is the underlying U.S. economy has shown remarkable resilience that's provided some ballast. And then I would say the financial system overall is so much less leveraged than what we experienced in the 2006, 2007 period. Consumers don't have nearly the same kind of leverage they did in housing businesses are so much less leveraged. So there's always a risk that something, there could be some bump out there, but the system just is healthier as we go into this more dislocated time in the markets.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks so much. I appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein:
tenure:
Jonathan Gray:
tenure: It's hard to predict where things are going to sit a couple of months from now, what's going to happen over time. Higher rates do have an impact across valuations, but obviously there's an interplay with cash flow. So, I certainly don't want to get in the business of predicting what it's going to be, but this is a headwind out there in markets and you're seeing it on the screen right now.
Alex Blostein: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Steve, Jon, thanks for taking my question. If we take the last question, we look a little bit further out, most economists are expecting the U.S. economy to weaken next year, and most bond investors are forecasting rising defaults broadly. So, I wanted your perspective on how you think this will impact private asset returns, especially in private credit and real estate and could this lead to more investing opportunities next year at Blackstone?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I think it's reasonable to assume if you have elevated levels of rates and you have the economy slowdown that that puts more pressure and I think most market forecasters are anticipating higher default rates in various sectors. I would say that we're starting off a very low default rates today. I mean, in our private credit portfolio, less than half of 1% in our BCRED vehicle, I think we have just one asset that's on non-accrual. So we certainly are starting off in a very good spot. Overall if you talk to the banks, you guys are closer to that. I think default rates are fairly low. They're starting to pick up a little bit in subprime. But I think it is reasonable to assume there's going to be more pressure in real estate certainly. In some of the most challenged asset classes, I think we'll see higher default rates, the cost of capital and less availability will have an impact and having this large pool of capital that huge amounts of dry powder, really in almost every part of the firm should help us a lot. And one of my partners, Kathleen McCarthy, said this is when we do our best work. And I think that's a good description that when there's high uncertainty, people need capital in a hurry, and you're willing to take a longer term view on asset values and normalization, you can step in these times and make attractive investments. So, yes, when we think about what makes us enthusiastic, having this large pool of capital with some more pressure out there, that should create opportunities. But overall, we would go into this environment with the financial system and default rates pretty healthy at this point.
Michael Chae: Thanks Craig, it's Michael. I'd just add to that, and this is particularly focused on a private credit, non-investment grade portfolio that we're talking about, quite low loans to value against a very healthy portfolio today, quite performing portfolio today. So, as you know, in our direct lending area, the average loan-to-value of this portfolio that we've built over the last few years, around 40%. So when you just -- and the underlying companies in quite good position, supported by very supportive financial sponsors in many cases. And so when you think about even a rising default rate from a very low starting point, as Jon mentioned, against anything resembling sort of historical recovery value on a theoretical basis and then you combine that with sort of the total return available right now in the private credit area, with those portfolios and I think that performance can absorb what may come from our point of view.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Finian O'Shea with Wells Fargo Securities.
Finian O'Shea: Hi, everyone. Good morning. A question on retail. Can you talk about the potential for BXPE, given it is formatted as a private offering, can it be distributed as broadly as, say, BREIT and BCRED? Or is it meant for different market channels? Thank you.
Stephen Schwarzman: So, I'm not sure how much we could talk about the description of these individual vehicles, but BXPE is structured a little bit differently, which means the universe is a little more limited, but I would say is still very large. We think the response to this a more accessible private equity vehicle that offers private equity secondaries, tactical opportunities, growth, life sciences, opportunistic investments, we think this is going to be very attractive. So the short answer is, yes, a little bit of a different structure, but I think the bigger answer is, we think the TAM for this is quite large and we think this can scale up quite a bit.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Fin.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. We'd love an update on the secondary business. Returns here over the last 12 months have trailed just about all other asset classes at Blackstone, with the exception of real estate. So maybe first, what's weighing on returns there? And as we think about the deployment opportunities, is it still really LP driven or are we starting to see, I'm sorry, still GP driven, are we starting to see more LP activity picking up as well?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I'd start by saying we love our secondaries business. Verdun Perry and the team do a terrific job. Structurally, what's happening in that market is alternatives continue to grow and therefore there's a need for liquidity and there's a very limited number of players who are invested in, say, 4,000 funds. And so it leads to this favorable discount and premium you get in terms of return for providing liquidity. Having a $20 billion plus fund is obviously well timed. We have additional funds in infrastructure and real estate beyond private equity, but we think we're super well positioned. The markdowns or the low growth in this space reflects what's happening in underlying private equity portfolios. But if you look at the returns across our various funds, they remain incredibly strong. And there is a lag, of course, where you're looking at funds that are six or nine months older. So if there were better quarters more recently in private equity, you'll pick those up later. It's not the same real time you're seeing, let's say, in our direct private equity or real estate activities. In terms of transaction activity, I would say the pipeline is starting to build. It will be more LP driven because distributions have slowed and in many cases there's a denominator effect, and they're thinking about ways to open up capacity to commit to new funds, and we think that will lead to more transaction activity. I would say, we've been patient, because we think it's possible the discounts could widen again, and that would be a better timing in terms of entry point. So it's a business we like a lot. We think the environment should be favorable here, just given the relatively limited amount of capital against what we think is a scale opportunity. And so we think that business will pick up in activity over time. It may take a little bit as sort of sellers readjust their expectations.
Ken Worthington: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just similar to the deployment outlook question, maybe flipping that around that you answered earlier, flipping that around to fundraising in terms of this environment where sounds like obviously activity across the board is freezing up a little bit as people watch rates. But how do you see that impacting the fundraising outlook? And if you maybe can contrast a few different segments where it might be slower near-term versus areas where it could be stronger, and I guess certainly in terms of LPs decision making versus retail would play into that?
Stephen Schwarzman: So, Brian, I think the biggest backdrop to keep in mind is the vast majority of our clients continue to increase their allocation to alternatives across institutional insurance and individual investors. And despite the environment, we still see a lot of interest. I've been all around the world in the last six weeks meeting with major clients, and I can't point to one of those meetings where somebody said, hey, I want to reduce my exposure. Now, there are some who are saying I'm more cautious on real estate or I'm more cautious on growth equity or private equity, but there's obviously a lot of enthusiasm for private credit. Some investors are just starting to move into the infrastructure space or the secondary space. So I think that's the key backdrop. In terms of different channels here, I would say the institutional or pension fund channel is where the allocations are higher and in some cases there is a denominator effect. And so fundraising is certainly tougher. We've talked about that over the previous quarters. It had certainly gotten better since the lows of March. We'll see, given the current environment, what happens, but I feel pretty good about our relationships and our ability to fundraise, even in a difficult period. I would point out European real estate. Given European real estate, the fact that we raised $3 billion plus in the quarter says something powerful about Blackstone and the fact that we had $25 billion of inflows in this quarter and $139 billion over the last year again, says something powerful. So I think the institutional channel is a little more constrained in this environment. But their desire for alternatives remains very high. I would say as you move towards insurance companies, they're in early days of not moving, as we know, to the higher returning alternatives, but to private investment grade credit. That is what the opportunity is. It's about providing them higher returns with the same or lower risk, which is what we've been doing for our major insurance clients and for some of the SMAs. We believe we're still in the early stages of that. We think that business can continue to grow significantly with our existing clients and some additional conversations we're having. And then I would say in the individual investor channel we've talked about this as well, there's $80 plus trillion in that market of individuals around the world with more than a million dollars of investable assets. We think they're allocated in the low single digit percentages to alternatives. Today you've seen, obviously, the strength in what we built up with BREIT over time, the strength in BCRED. Certainly today we talked a little bit about BXPE. I think there are opportunities around the world and I think some investors will do drawdown funds. I think many more will do these semi liquid products. And as long as we produce outperformance and have structures that work for them, I think the opportunity remains very significant. And so our long-term confidence in the private wealth channel is significant. The fact that we have nearly a quarter of our firm's assets, they're much, much larger than anyone else, an enormous amount of relationships with financial advisors around the globe and underlying customers, 300 plus people on the ground. We just elevated a new Head of our Asia region. We think there's a lot of opportunity here. Markets go up and down, but the long term opportunity for individuals coming to alternatives remains quite significant.
Brian Bedell: And so the growth in that effort, you think, can sort of cut into any kind of reticence on the retail side in the sort of near to intermediate term and continue to propel that channel forward in the sort of intermediate term?
Stephen Schwarzman: It's always hard to say what's market is going to do when there's more volatility. People become a little more cautious. But we're not living or building our business week to week or month to month. We're building it for decades. It is an enduring institution where we're building a brand where we're so incredibly focused on performance. I know everybody looks at the quarter and says, oh, realization's down. You missed earnings by this amount or the flows were this. What we're focused on is we deliver performance because when we sit with the customers, that's what they look at. They may be more hesitant in a more volatile market, but their desire to allocate capital, to Blackstone actually goes up when we outperform. And when they get confidence again, they come back to us if they're institutions, insurance companies or individual investors. So that's what gives us a lot of confidence about the future, projecting what's going to happen in the next month or two. That's, of course, very challenging.
Brian Bedell: Yes, that's great perspective. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning. So I wanted to start off with a question, wanted to start with a question on the fundraising outlook for BCRED. I mean, as you noted, Jonathan, the flow trends have remained robust, but the non-traded BDC market has grown increasingly crowded. It's going to get even more saturated given a growing number of funds in registration. So while you have a head start on a lot of your peers in this space, was hoping to get your thoughts on the growth outlook for BCRED as well as any potential sources of pressure, such as fees, as the markets become increasingly saturated here.
Jonathan Gray: So I'd say a couple things. I think it's hard to overstate the power of the Blackstone brand, what that means to financial advisors and individual customers. This is not a decision. When somebody thinks about putting $50,000 in a non-traded BDC, that's a significant decision. And the Blackstone brand means a lot. Also, the performance we've delivered here, I think approaching now 10% since inception in this product. The current yields ten plus north. Actually, the vehicle is earning 200 basis points higher than that, the default rate; because I believe we've done a great job focusing on larger companies in the right sectors. Default rate remains extremely low for us, delivering for customers the strength of the brand, the performance, the relationship with financial advisors matters. And I would point out, unlike the institutional business, where there can be thousands of players, if you think about our large distribution partners, I think they're unlikely to put very significant numbers of players on their platforms in these different areas. So if you think about in credit or in real estate or in private equity, I think there'll be a handful of players. I think we'll have a slot in each of those, and we have these really deep, long-term relationships, and we're delivering for the customer. So, yes, the market is getting more competitive. There are other entrants, but we think we have some things here that are very differentiated. And I think we've done a particularly good job in BCRED where we've deployed the capital. I think we're going to do quite well, even as the environment gets more difficult because we focused on big companies at much lower loan to values, on average, 43% at origination. We think that'll make a real difference. And when we outperform and you do that against our brand, that tends to be a powerful combination.
Steven Chubak: Very helpful color Jonathan. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning, everyone. I have another question on wealth. There's always been a lot of reporting on your efforts to more successfully penetrate the European Wealth Channel and within that theme, chatter of a lot of new products coming to market. So could you update us on what is currently in the market, how traction is evolving on those and then what the pipeline looks like for things coming online in the coming quarters. Thank you.
Jonathan Gray: So I would say on Europe it is definitely a harder market to penetrate, certainly the U.S. is the largest market and the most open to alternatives. Asia would be next. Hong Kong, Singapore. Increasingly Japan. Europe has several challenges. One is just regulatory. Virtually every country has slightly different rules and many of the rules make it a little more challenging there. The second thing is investors there have not had a lot of exposure to alternatives. There tends to be, particularly on the continent, more aversion to anything that's perceived as riskier. Even though we would point out the returns we've generated, the risks we've taken have been very favorable overtime, so its a little bit of a, it's certainly a tougher terrain. We have a couple of small products today in credit and real estate but right now it's not a meaningful piece of what we do. We are a persistent group. We do want to try to build scale products in Europe. We've got a number of people on the ground, but it's going to be a little bit tougher sledding but I think over time there should be opportunity because the same outperformance relative to liquid markets. This basic idea of trading liquidity for higher returns makes sense. I think it should happen in Europe, but it's certainly slower today.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So you clearly built a leading capability in real estate and incredibly impressive. Curious to hear your view about maybe what narrows the bid ask spread in that market. And we heard from Goldman actually earlier this week that they've got a portfolio of 15 billion CRE and they're looking to sell a significant chunk of that and they've marked it down 15% across the board to do that. The office position is down 50 right? But I know you're underexposed to office, so sort of 15 probably more relevant and well, we're hearing other banks that are coming to market too. So while they're not all forced sellers, they have different motivations than profit maximizing. So what do you think the implications of these transactions are going to be on the market and is it going to lead to downward pressure on marks?
Michael Chae: Well, I think transaction volume has been slow for the reason we've talked about. Obviously the move in cost of capital has certainly slowed things down. I don't know, given the size of the real estate market, that if any individual transactions are enough to move the market. In fact, I don't know the specifics of Goldman, but I think that's a bunch of different companies and portfolios. So it's not one large trade. I think the market will ultimately clear based on where buyers and sellers are willing to transact. And you'll see that now, I'm sure, over the coming months as things start to settle in. And if we stay here at this higher rate environment, I think it's very hard to predict exactly what happens. But ultimately, there will be real estate to buy and real estate to sell. And with our 66 billion of dry powder, I think we're going to be in a really unique position. I mean, we raised this $30 plus billion global fund. I think we've invested less than 5% of that fund today. We have the vast majority of our Asia fund uninvested, and our Europe fund we're just raising. So by definition is uninvested. So we think we're well positioned in this environment, particularly if banks pull back and there are liquidity shortfalls. We're also raising capital for our real estate debt business. So we think it'll be a favorable environment. And like everybody, we'll be watching what happens on the transaction side.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks for that color.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: Hi, there. Thanks for fitting me in at the end. I wanted to ask about BREIT. I know you don't often comment on the performance of very specific funds, but just since it's also public and investors are following this quite closely, it looked like there was some kind of nice momentum in performance coming into September. And maybe if you kind of parse out what sort of changed in the month, was it cap rate assumption revisions? Was it a slowdown in operating performance? And is there any color you can share, perhaps on the performance of the hedge and how that either impacted September or how you would expect it to sort of benefit the fund over the next couple of months based on the current outlook? Thank you.
Jonathan Gray: So what I would say on BREIT is you really hit on it in September, the tailwinds in the business were twofold, as you've heard from us. I think we did a very good job hedging out the balance sheet for long duration. That's proven to be very beneficial to the shareholders. BREIT, the second thing is we have a quite sizable position. I think it's now 8% of the portfolio in data centers. Again, that turned out to be a really, really great decision for our shareholders and has benefited us. And there was very significant appreciation, which we talked about in the remarks. On the headwind side, yes we of course, raised cap rate assumptions in the portfolio in light of the higher movement in the 10-year treasury yield and so those were the forces that you saw reflected in the valuations in the month and the quarter.
Ben Budish: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Brown with KBW.
Michael Brown: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to touch base on the Insurance channel here. You saw that you had $5 billion of inflows in the quarter. Can you just touch on what were the key contributions there and then maybe expectations for next quarter? And then you could just touch on resolution life specifically. Was that part of the $5 billion inflows this quarter? And how can that partnership progress here over the coming quarters? Thank you.
Jonathan Gray: So, for clarity, I think we had 5 billion from the big four counts in insurance, $7 billion overall because we have some SMAs with other major insurers, but not for nearly as large pieces of their portfolio. I'm not sure I'm going to go into any of the individual clients where the money is coming from and so forth. But obviously some of the clients are issuing fixed annuities, which is a fast growing area that would be namely there, I guess I'd point out, Corebridge and Fidelity Guarantee. And we're helping them with that by deploying capital on their behalf and generating attractive yields. I think Resolution as a platform has a lot of opportunity around legacy books, closed books, buying those from insurers who are trying to reallocate their portfolios. And as part of the recapitalization we did with them, we put a significant amount of capital from our LP community into the company. That gives them some firepower to grow. And then I would just add, we're having other discussions. Investors are seeing what we're doing, taking up credit quality. I think if you look at the numbers in the quarter, on average, our clients had BBB portfolios. This year we've originated on average, A credit quality, fixed income. And the spreads have been 140 basis points higher over comparable liquid BBB's, so higher credit quality and still higher spreads. And so this is something that our existing clients are happy about, our SMA clients are happy about, and it's leading to more discussions. I still think we're in early days, it's hard to predict the timing of these, but this is becoming something that I think is increasingly important for major insurers to have more of these private credit origination capabilities. And they're excited about being partners with us, particularly because we're not an insurance company. We're not directly competing with them.
Michael Brown: Okay, great. Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our final question from Arnold Gabla [ph] with BNP.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I just had a follow up question on BXPE. I'm wondering how much capacity you're warehousing there. Is there an opportunity, I think, to scale up this product rapidly if demand is there, how do you manage that? Is that perhaps by having a large proportion that you can allocate to secondaries to absorb any rapid uptakes? Thank you.
Michael Chae: [Indiscernible] Michael on the first part about warehousing, we have, as we often do when we help support the launch of a product like this, we have, I'd say, relatively modest amount in the grand scheme of our balance sheet in warehouse for the support of the launch of this in the coming months, we expect that will grow somewhat as we approach that point. And then once we're up and running. The needs from warehousing standpoint will be much more modest. Jonathan, if you want to comment on sort of asset allocation.
Jonathan Gray: Well, I think we will have a mix of things. Secondaries will certainly be part of the mix. I think we'll do a bunch of opportunistic things in this environment. I think we'll do large scale, private equities, middle market private equity, as I said, life sciences growth. One of the unique things about Blackstone is the scale of our private equity platform. It's not just one area. And when you think about the individual investor channel and money coming in on a monthly basis, having a very broad platform is important. So we're going to take advantage of our platform as we deploy capital. And the key thing as we design this product is to deliver strong returns to the customers because that's how we build something of scale over time. So if we do a very good job deploying into this dislocated environment, build a track record, then we do believe the scale opportunity is significant.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: With no additional questions in queue at this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Weston Tucker for any additional or closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call if you have any questions. Thanks very much.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2023 Investor Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Thank you, Katie, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website, and we expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without our consent. So on results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.2 billion. Distributable earnings were also $1.2 billion or $0.93 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.79 per share, which will be paid to holders of record as of July 31. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you, Weston, and good morning. Thank you all for joining the call. Blackstone reached a remarkable milestone in the second quarter. We surpassed $1 trillion of assets under management. The first alternative manager to do so of more than three years ahead of the aspirational roadmap we presented at our Investor Day in 2018. This achievement is significant in many ways, including for me personally. I founded Blackstone with my partner, Pete Peterson, in 1985 with $400,000 of startup capital. We sent out 450 personal announcements of our new venture and published a full-page newspaper ad with the expectation that the phone would start ringing off the hook. It was a humbling experience when no one called other than a few people wishing us luck. When we started raising our first private equity fund in 1986 with a $1 billion target, we discovered that giving a $5 million or $10 million commitment was a substantial accomplishment. Fortunately, we hung in there, and we were ultimately successful. Looking at Blackstone today, I feel an immense sense of pride. We've established an unparalleled global platform of leading business lines, offering over 70 distinct investment strategies. We believe our clients view us as the gold standard in alternative asset management. And this milestone reflects the extraordinary level of trust we've built with them over nearly four decades. We've delivered for them in good times and bad, generating $300 billion of aggregate gains with minimal losses. In fact, virtually all of our drawdown funds we've launched in our history, have been profitable for our investors. Our performance has helped secure retirees' pensions, fund students educations, pay health care benefits and protect and grow the savings of individual investors. We are tremendously proud of the role we've played in driving these outcomes. Our ability to create excess returns over long periods of time in support of these critically important objectives is what distinguishes us as a firm that powers our growth. This milestone is also reflective of Blackstone's distinctive positioning as the leading innovator in our industry. At our founding, we determined that building a great company required us to be in a continuous innovation mode, which we have institutionalized as a core competency of the firm. Our original strategic plan, which was to start in corporate advisory and then quickly move into private equity, followed by a succession of other asset management businesses over time. We only entered a new area, and we saw the opportunity to generate great risk-adjusted returns for our customers. We identified a remarkable leader and the new area created intellectual capital that benefited the rest of the firm. For example, we entered the hedge fund to funds business in 1990. Real estate in 1991 when values had collapsed following the savings and loan crisis. And credit in 1998, which we expanded substantially in 2008 ahead of the generational investment opportunities that arose from the global financial crisis. In 2011, we launched a dedicated private wealth business. The following year, we created tactical opportunities. And the year after that, we entered the nascent secondaries market for drawdown funds. In 2017, we launched our infrastructure strategy. In 2018, we started both our insurance solutions management and life sciences businesses. And in 2020, we launched our first growth equity fund. Today, nearly all of these major lines of business are market leaders in their respective asset classes with exceptional long-term performance. There are many advantages that come from our unique scale. With our portfolio of over 230 companies, 12,000 real estate assets and one of the largest lending businesses in the world, we believe that we have more information than just about anyone competing with us. We specialize in the production and analysis of enormous amounts of data, which we review every week in our Monday morning meetings with each of our major product lines. This process done over 35 years, helps us identify trends before others and adjust where we invest our clients' capital. This also allows us to maintain a hands-on management style, keeps our professionals fully connected and supports centralized decision-making. Our focus on data aggregation and analysis also led us to establish our own data science group early as 2015. We started building a team of exceptional data scientists, which today numbers over 50 people, and we are rapidly and significantly expanding our capabilities in artificial intelligence. We've been using AI to help improve operations and our portfolio companies as well as with Blackstone itself. We believe that the new generation of AI has the potential to transform companies and industries. And the timeliness and effectiveness of its implementation will be determinative of who the winners and losers will be. Blackstone fortunately, is in an enviable position in the alternative asset world with an 8-year head start in this field, and we are committed to further expanding our leadership position there as quickly as possible. Our growth along with our commitment to meritocracy have also allowed us to attract and retain great talent, many of the best people in the world want to work here at Blackstone. This year, we had 62,000 unique applicants for 169 1st year analyst positions, equating to a selection rate of less than 0.3 of 1%. Getting an entry-level job at Blackstone is 12x harder than getting into Harvard. I doubt I'd be able to be hired today. I'm not sure that's a great thing. Our scale has also made the firm even safer. We're an A+ rated manager of third-party capital distributed across hundreds of segregated investment vehicles. We don't depend on deposits for our funding. And the vast majority of our capital is under long-term contracts or perpetual, which we carefully aligned with the duration of our investments. We don't operate with a cross-collateralized balance sheet like depository institutions. We have virtually no net leverage at the parent company compared to U.S. banks with an average of 12x leverage, and we have no insurance liabilities. We've always believed in extreme conservatism in managing our capital structure and the structure of our funds. As the largest manager today, Blackstone has led the adoption of alternatives which have revolutionized the field of investment management. When we started in 1985, alternatives were basically limited to private equity, and there were only a few public pension funds and insurance companies who invested in the asset class. Endowments, sovereign wealth funds and retail investors, for example, have virtually no participation. Over the subsequent four decades, alternatives have grown to $12 trillion of assets. But this is still small compared to the $225 trillion of liquid stocks and bonds. With a minimal share of total investable assets today, we expect alternatives to expand substantially in the future. I believe that Blackstone, given our unique brand and global reach is the best-positioned firm in the world to capture future opportunities for growth in the alternatives area. The most compelling of these today include private credit and insurance, infrastructure globally, energy transition, large sciences the development of the alternatives business in Asia and the private wealth channel, where the democratization of alternatives in its early stages. Jon will discuss these areas in more detail. Our mission since 1985 is to be the best in the world at what we choose to do. Even this we've grown, we've never strayed from this mission or from the core values that have defined us, including excellence, integrity, aristocracy, teamwork and dedication to serving our customers. Work at our firm, you must believe in our mission and embody these values. Blackstone is an extraordinary place. Our prospects are accelerating. We never rest on our achievements, and we're always looking ahead, striving to lift the firm to new heights. I strongly believe the best is ahead for Blackstone, investors in our funds and our shareholders. And with that, turn the ball over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. $1 trillion is a mile marker on a much longer journey and we are early in our expansion into markets of enormous potential. Of course, it all starts with investment performance. In our drawdown funds, we've delivered 15% net returns annually in corporate private equity and opportunistic real estate for over 30 years. 15% in secondaries, 12% in tactical opportunities and 10% in credit. And our perpetual strategies, which remain continuously invested we've generated 14% net returns in infrastructure, 12% for BREIT's largest share class and 9% for our institutional core-plus real estate funds. And for our major insurance clients, we produced over 150 basis points of excess spread over the past six quarters compared to investment-grade credit with similar ratings or said another way, without adding incremental risk. There are a number of drivers of our outperformance. But as we've grown, picking the right sectors and markets has become more important than ever, where you invest matters, and we continue to benefit from our thematic emphasis on winning areas like global logistics, digital infrastructure and energy transition. In the second quarter, these sectors were among the largest drivers of appreciation in our funds. It's worth noting, we're also seeing strong signs of inflation flowing across our portfolio, which we view as extremely positive for the rate environment going forward, along with valuations for companies and our real estate holdings in particular. Michael will discuss our portfolio positioning and Q2 returns in more detail. The strength of our investment performance over decades allows us to raise scale capital even in a very challenging fundraising environment. Total inflows reached $30 billion in the second quarter and $158 billion over the past 12 months, positioning us with record dry powder of nearly $200 billion. The greatest demand today is for private credit solutions and our corporate credit insurance and real estate debt businesses comprised over 50% of Q2 inflows. Our drawdown fund area, we raised additional capital for our corporate PE flagship bringing it to approximately $17 billion, and we expect a total size in the low $20s billion range. We also held an accelerated first close of $1.3 billion for our European real estate flagship and expect another close later this month. Overall, we've raised nearly 75% of our $150 billion target and remain on track to substantially achieve it by early 2024. Stepping back, Steve highlighted a number of areas with particularly attractive long-term dynamics for our business, starting with credit, where there is a structural shift underway in the market. Traditional financing providers are cautious, while at the same time, both LP demand and borrower need for credit solutions are accelerating, long-term investors, including insurance companies, and institutional LPs hold large portfolios of liquid investment-grade credit assets typically purchased from banks and intermediaries. With our $362 billion platform in credit and real estate credit, we have leading capabilities to directly and efficiently originate high-quality assets on their behalf. We're also partnering with banks and other originators that are facing greater lending constraints but want to continue to serve their customers in areas like home improvement, auto finance and renewables. We've closed or having processed five of these partnerships totalling $6 billion and plan to add more. In the $40 trillion insurance channel, we manage $174 billion today. Inflows from this channel were over $7 billion in the second quarter with more than $4 billion from our largest four clients. We expect a strong pace of inflows from them going forward, including from two of our clients who, on a combined basis, are the second largest sellers of fixed annuities in the US along with a pipeline of additional prospects. Other areas in our credit business are showing strong momentum as well. Our global direct lending platform is over $100 billion today. and we see attractive expansion opportunities in the U.S., Europe and Asia. BCRED raised $1.8 billion in the second quarter, up nearly 60% from Q1 and plus approximately $900 million of monthly subscriptions on July 1, and we expect to complete raising our green energy credit vehicle in a few weeks at over $7 billion. Turning to infrastructure. Our perpetual BIP strategy is 1 of our fastest-growing areas, up 25% year-over-year to $37 billion. It will be massive funding needs over the next 15 years to 20 years for infrastructure projects globally, notably, including digital infrastructure and energy transition, where we are building sizable platforms. First, in digital infrastructure, there is a well-publicized arms race happening in AI, and the major tech companies are expected to invest $1 trillion over the next five years in this area, mostly to data centers. In 2021, we privatized the QTS data center business in BREIT, BIP and BPP for $10 billion and it's showing extraordinary momentum with more capacity leased in the last two years than in the previous 17. We expect our investors will benefit significantly from the powerful tailwinds in this rapidly growing sector. In energy transition, decarbonization is projected to require $4.5 trillion of annual investment over the next 25 years, further supported by legislative action globally. This has been 1 of our busiest areas in BIP and also our dedicated energy transition private equity and credit funds. The firm's two largest commitments in the second quarter were a stake in a major utility to support its transition from significant coal-powered generation to 0% in five years and additional growth capital for our portfolio company, Invenergy, the nation's largest private renewables developer. We believe the need for scale capital and expertise in this area will only increase over time. Moving to Life Sciences, major advances in genomics and precision medicines, coupled with a historic shift in the funding model for drug development have created an unprecedented opportunity. We've established an extensive life sciences ecosystem at Blackstone with substantial capabilities and portfolio holdings across the firm. Our dedicated BX life sciences, biopharmaceutical -- I'm sorry, our dedicated BXLS business has been actively deploying capital in partnership with major biopharmaceutical and med tech companies, most recently to support development of vaccines for pneumonia. We've also assembled the world's largest private lab office platform in real estate concentrated in great markets like Cambridge, Massachusetts. Asia represents another significant opportunity for our firm, cutting across both business lines and distribution channels. India is projected to remain 1 of the fastest-growing major economies in the world, and it's no coincidence. The country is our third largest market for equity investing after the U.S. and U.K. In real estate, we even changed the landscape by working alongside regulators to launch India's first public REITs. Meanwhile, Japan is in early stages of its trajectory, both in terms of large investors starting to allocate to alternatives as well as deployment opportunities as the market opens to outside capital. Overall, there is substantial runway ahead for our business in Asia. Finally, moving to our private wealth platform. We've established the world's leading alternatives business with approximately $240 billion of AUM. But this is an $80 trillion market with low single-digit allocations to alternatives today. Morgan Stanley's research team recently cited estimates of allocations rising to 10% to 20% over time. This is further substantiated by the discussions we have with the major distributors who tell us they want significantly more exposure to our products. Although we do face some near-term headwinds BCRED's flows have been accelerating, as I mentioned. And for BREIT, June was the lowest month so far this year in terms of share redemption requests, down nearly 30% from the January peak. Longer term, we remain confident in the reacceleration of growth in this channel, given our portfolio positioning and exceptional performance. In closing, we are highly energized about the firm's prospects. We're focused on the open space in front of us, and we're building simple, scalable and repeatable businesses to tackle opportunities of tremendous size. I could not have more confidence in Blackstone's future. And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, which began amid the bank crisis and related market volatility, the firm delivered steady financial results and resilient fund performance. Starting with results. Our expansive breadth of growth engines lifted AUM to new record levels, as you've heard this morning. Total AUM increased 6% year-over-year to $1 trillion. The earning AUM rose 7% year-over-year to $731 billion driving management fees up 9% to a record $1.7 billion. Notably, the second quarter marked the 54th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in base management fees at Blackstone. Fee-related earnings increased 12% year-over-year to $1.1 billion or $0.94 per share, powered by the growth in management fees, coupled with the firm's robust margin position. FRE rose 10% sequentially from Q1 as fee-related performance revenues nearly doubled quarter-over-quarter to $267 million, even without contribution from BREIT, driven by multiple other perpetual capital vehicles in real estate and credit. As noted previously, we expect these revenues to further accelerate in the second half of this year concentrated in Q4 with a number of scheduled crystallization events in the BPP platform. Distributable earnings were $1.2 billion in the second quarter or $0.93 per share, which was largely stable with Q1. The year-over-year comparison was affected by a material decline in net realizations from last year's record quarter. As expected, sales activity has remained muted against a slow transaction backdrop generally. However, we did execute the sales of public stock in certain of our private equity holdings, along with the portfolio of U.S. warehouses to Pro Lodges for $3.1 billion at an attractive cap rate of 4%, a positive indication of Vale for the $175 billion of warehouses we continue to own which are the firm's largest exposure. Realizations in the quarter also included BREIT sale of a resort hotel for $800 million, reflecting a 22% premium to its December carrying value and a multiple of invested capital of 2.2 times. These sales illustrate the exceptional quality and embedded value of our portfolio. Stepping back, our model focused on long-term committed capital keeps us from being forced sellers when markets are less favorable. During these periods, as we've seen in past cycles, a portion of our earnings related to realizations is interrupted, but ultimately reemerges as markets heal. In the meantime, a firm's underlying earnings power continues to build. Harman's revenue eligible AUM in the ground increased in the second quarter to a record $504 billion, and has more than doubled in the past three years. Net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet firm store value grew sequentially to $6.5 billion or $5.31 per share. In the context of more supportive markets, we are well positioned for an acceleration realizations over time. Turning to investment performance. Nearly all of our flagship strategies reported positive appreciation in the second quarter. The corporate private equity funds appreciated 3.5%, with our operating companies reporting robust revenue growth of 12% year-over-year, along with expanding margins overall. These trends reflect our favorable sector positioning and focus on high-quality businesses with pricing power, coupled with cost deceleration. In real estate, the core+ funds appreciated 1.7% in the quarter, while the Brent opportunistic funds were stable. We are seeing sustained strength in our key sectors in terms of cash flow growth. Half of our owned real estate is in logistics, student housing and data centers, which have experienced double-digit year-over-year growth in market rents. In our U.S. rental housing holdings overall, fundamentals are stable with cash flow is increasing at a high single-digit rate. For BREIT, over 80% of the portfolio is concentrated in these sectors leading to strong same-store NOI growth of approximately 7.5% in the first half of the year. Looking forward, in the environment of lower inflation and lower interest rates should be very favorable for our real estate portfolio overall. In credit, the private and liquid credit strategies appreciated 3.3% and 2.8%, respectively, in the second quarter, reflective of a healthy portfolio generating strong current income. Despite a moderate uptick in broader market default rates, which we do expect to rise further in our noninvestment-grade portfolio, defaults remain low at less than 1%. Finally, in BAAM, the BPS gross composite return was 1.9% in Q2, representing the 13th consecutive quarter of positive performance. Over the past several years, BAAM has done an outstanding job protecting investor capital in an environment of significant volatility in liquid markets. Since the start of 2021, the BPS composite net return is up over 14% compared to 1% for the traditional 60-40 portfolio. Overall, the resiliency and strength of the firm's returns over many years is the foundation of the extraordinary growth we've achieved. In closing, the firm continues on a path of an expanding asset base, reaching $1 trillion today, and we believe ultimately well beyond. From the beginning, we've taken a very long-term view towards building an enduring business at Blackstone. Today, as the reference institution in our industry, we have the distinctive assets of our brand and reputation, our scale and our culture, a culture defined by decades of performance and innovation. This is what has powered our success to date and what we believe will propel our future. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning Steve, Jon. Thank you for taking my question. And congrats on hitting $1 trillion. It feels like just a few years ago, you were around $70 billion at the IPO. My question is on the expanding opportunity inside the US banking industry. So first, forming partnerships. I heard in the prepared remarks, you have about five now to building that out, two buying and originating assets, and three, may be supplying capital at some point. So now that we're four months outside of the Silicon Valley Bank failure, can you provide us an update across these three verticals?
Jon Gray: Sure, Craig, and thank you for the kind words. What we've seen here now is banks really recognizing that there's a natural partnership between their origination capabilities and some of the long-term capital we manage, particularly for insurance companies. So what we referenced in the prepared remarks was a number of these partnerships that we have formed and have executed or close to execute we also have a decent pipeline behind that. And if you think about a bank with those strong customer relationships, if they're making 5-, 7-, 10-year home improvement or equipment finance loans to have a partner like us to take some of those makes a lot of sense. And so we're involved in a number of discussions with banks who want to maintain their relationships with customers, but either shrink their balance sheet or do other things to create capacity. I would also point out with the larger financial institutions, there are things to do with them to provide some balance sheet relief. We've been doing a number of those items with different pools of capital. So I think what's happening is good for the financial system. It's good for the banks, and it's obviously good for our customers, and we expect this will grow significantly over time.
Steve Schwarzman: One thing I'd add is it's just not a U.S. phenomenon. This is very much U.S. and European where everybody is feeling the pinch from regulatory pressure. They like to keep their customer. They like to keep producing assets, but they just don't have the balance sheet to hold all of them. So that's a particularly interesting area for us.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: So a big picture question for you guys on the credit cycle. If we look across the financial system, credit losses coming in better than feared, whether it's C&I loans at the banks or in credit and private credit. So some of this perhaps relates to limited debt maturities perhaps but also it seems like the impact of rate hikes is maybe less potent than feared. So just curious your views and outlook here. And if we look at the private credit markets, maybe you can just remind us how much of the rate risk is hedged and for how long? And how do you see this all playing out?
Jon Gray: So Mike, I would say everybody has been surprised, given the rapidity at which the Fed has raised rates and how high they've taken rates that there hasn't been more distress. Interestingly, today, if you look at the overall market, default rates are in leveraged loans, for instance, are still below the long-term average. They're approaching it. They're 2.7%. I think the long-term average is 3%, they got up to 13%, 14% during the GFC. What I would say -- and by the way, in our own portfolio, those defaults are still less than 1%. So I think it's a function of a couple of things. It may be some hedges certainly in place as people put in place some longer-term protection, but I think the biggest component of it is the strength of the earnings of the companies. Michael referenced in our own portfolio, that 12% revenue growth we're seeing strong revenue and EBITDA growth across our borrowers, and that is obviously helping companies in areas like technology are obviously looking at their cost structures becoming more profit-focused, and so I think it's earnings growth that has supported this. I think it's a fair question, which is, as you look out over time, if the economy does moderate as we expect, rates stay elevated? Would you expect more defaults going forward? And I think the answer to that is yes. But I don't think this is like '08, '09. I don't think we have the kinds of overleverage we had back then. And just to point it out, if you look at BCRED, our nontraded BDC, its average loan to value was 43% on its book. And much of that, of course, was originated prior to this rate hike. And if you contrast that to the '06, '07 period when leverage levels were 70% plus I think that's another reason people don't focus on why you have more of a cushion here and less distress. So picture today on the ground, certainly better than people would expect. Going forward, we'd expect that things will get tougher but not nearly as bad as that last cycle.
Michael Chae: Jon, let me just add it on that. Mike, it's Michael. Just focusing on our outperformance versus the overall market with respect to default rates, and it has been pronounced. It's important, I think, to highlight sort of our relative position and focus. And our team would call it the three Ss, scale, sector selection and seniority. On scale, we're obviously a large player. We are focused on larger issuers. And we believe, overall, it's already been shown in a high inflation world. Larger companies are more resilient with respect to performance through the cycles. And again, that's been shown, I think, in terms of more options to respond to a rising cost inflation environment recently. Second on sector selection. If you look at our portfolio versus sort of the industry average, our focus in recent years away from cyclicals, some consumer discretionary companies, certain industrial companies, has I think really paid off. And then with respect to seniority, which Jon touched on in additional loan to value, 98% basically of our direct lending portfolio in BCRED is senior secured. And actually, even our peers in the direct lending area are substantially lower than that in some cases, 70%, 75%. And so that is the top of the capital stack, and that is very protected. So I think Jon talked about the overall sort of default rates in the path, and we do expect them to rise for the market overall and for us. But our sort of experience and outperformance on default rates, which has been both historical and current, I think, has some underlying drivers that are important to highlight.
Operator: We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Maybe big picture on real estate in general. I'm curious if where -- the 10-year has been kind of in the same range for a while now even as we get in the last of the short-end rate hikes. So I think cap rates have levelled off as well. Maybe you could take a snapshot on where you think we're at leverage-wise debt service coverage wise, and what the sales pitch for real estate in general is going to be if that's an environment that we're in over the next handful of years?
Jon Gray: Well, Glenn, I would say that there continues to be pretty significant bifurcation in commercial real estate. So we've talked about it in the past, certain sectors face real underlying fundamental headwinds that would be notably the office space in the United States, which we've talked about is less than 2% of our own portfolio. And there, I still think we have a ways to go in terms of what will be, I think, continued challenges going forward. And there will be more foreclosures and more markdowns coming in portfolios. We continue to see in a number of sectors, particularly our largest sector, logistics, very strong underlying fundamentals where rents are growing globally around double digits. Other areas like student housing with real strength, data centers, which we talked about in the remarks, again, real strength. And then other sectors, I'd say, somewhere in between those top three sectors I mentioned, represent 50% of our global portfolio. And so what I would say is in better sectors where the fundamentals are good, the fact that rates seem to belong and seem to have reached a level and may be heading lower, we'll see. I think they'll stick around here given the short end. And at some point here, 12, 24 months from now, the Fed will start to take the short end down, that's obviously positive. Because to your point, cap rate pressure is very tied to rates. And so if we're at a point in the cycle where the risk of rates going much higher is off the table, that's helpful to real estate. The other helpful pitch in real estate is you're seeing a sharp decline in new supply. So in logistics, for instance, we've seen a decline of new starts around 40%, 50%, depending on markets. Housing supply is down aggregately about 20-plus percent from where it was and you're seeing it in hotels and other areas. And so if you think about coming out of this over time as investors, if you can invest in sectors where the underlying vacancy rates are low today, there's going to be less building and interest rates are no longer a major threat. If the asset has been marked to sort of the new market, then we think there's significant opportunity. And that, I think, is really the pitch. Today, the area we're most active in is actually European real estate, particularly in logistics because the sentiment around European real estate is so negative. And yet if you look at, for instance, rental growth in U.K. logistics, it's incredibly strong. So I think we're in a moment where everybody is extrapolating what's happening in office buildings becoming incredibly negative about the sector, but that's going to create some real opportunities. And to your point on debt, there will be needs for people to sell and to sell and inject capital because of the higher debt costs that are out there. So I think sector selection really matters as we talk about and then these tailwinds around rates leveling off and new supply coming down should be very helpful to the asset class over time.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Maybe you just talked about two of our fastest-growing platform, direct lending, I think you mentioned $100 million. And then also the energy transition platform, if you added all your products together, maybe if you could that I know it can be difficult because obviously, some of the infrastructure and energy products or a blend of transition and on core but I don't know if you can size that. And if you think about over the next three years, I don't know if you can execute a sort of a projection on where the size of those platforms could be in three years, not maybe just confident that they will be a larger share of your overall franchise or not?
Jon Gray: So I would say on the energy transition side, we're in early days. we just are finishing off raising the $7 billion energy transition credit fund. We're in the market with our energy equity fund, which we expect will be probably $4 billion plus. And then energy transition, energy is a meaningful chunk of our $37 billion infrastructure business. It's probably one third of that capital but probably the fastest growing. If you went -- and by the way, we also have embedded in our private equity business a bunch of energy transition investments there and in our core private equity business. So you would have to go through it. I don't have the numbers handy is where this would be. But you've got a number of areas we're deploying capital in energy transition. If you looked in the quarter, as I said, the two biggest investments we made were an investment in Northern Indiana utility business a couple of billion dollars we invested to help them facilitate the energy transition. And then we also had another $1 billion we put into Invenergy, our large-scale renewables developer. So I would say because the size of the market is growing so quickly and investor desire for exposure to this is growing as well, we think this can be a lot bigger. I don't know if we have a number. We said publicly a couple of years ago that we expect to invest $100 billion over the decade, we said that two years ago. So I would say when you look at Blackstone over time, this will be an area of a lot of capital needs. And the good news is the investors want it. It can be very large, very scalable, and so we expect that this will accelerate. The IRA in the US has made a big difference. There was $250 billion of large-scale renewable projects announced in the last years, and there was an equal amount announced in the last year basically since the IRA passing. So we would say very large scale opportunity and should result in a new area for us to grow and generate incremental fees and returns for investors.
Michael Chae: Brian, just to add to that with the numbers, Michael. The sort of fair market value of our energy transition portfolio today is over $20 billion, and there's committed capital that shortly that's going to be invested and increase that number. And obviously, we've funds pointed at investing in that area in the near term. So that number will grow. But in terms of what we own today, it's in that ballpark. .
Brian Bedell: Yes. That's great. And then just on the direct lending side, I know you said $100 billion, and you've got the -- obviously, the bank partnerships and the strong pipeline. Any capacity constraints that would sort of limit the growth potential of that franchise just in the context, obviously, of the good trends versus the -- with banks going back?
Jon Gray: Well, I think near term, the opportunity set is pretty large. We -- private equity firms and other companies need this access to capital the certainty direct lending provides, I think it's proven to be very valuable, particularly for new transactions. We would expect as deal volume picks up, this area should pick up as well. We've seen our pipeline grow more than double in the last 90 days in direct lending. We don't see a reason why this should slow down. At some point, markets change and so forth. But if you look at direct lending as a percentage of the overall leverage lending and high-yield market, I still think there's plenty of room for this to grow. So we think it's early days still on this shift.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: So John, maybe a question on the broader capital markets environment. We've seen some green shoots with a couple of IPOs, a couple of deal announcements. So how are you sort of thinking about capital velocity for Blackstone the next, call it, six to 12 months or so? And importantly, as some of that kind of fly activity resumes, how do you expect that to reaccelerate fundraising? So meaning, are there some strategies that are likely to see more pent-up demand once this capital market cycle sort of resumes versus less. So just curious to kind of get your thoughts and environment/fundraising.
Jon Gray: Yes. Alex, you're right. It's all interconnected, right? Because if you think about our clients and their numerator and denominator, it's obviously very tied to what's happening in the market. So their denominator is -- and today, there are challenges, in many cases, they're over their allocations. Let's say, they have a 13% allocation to private equity in there at 15% or 16%. . As equity markets rally, then that frees up capital for them to potentially allocate to private again. At the same time, as equity market rally, IPO and M&A activity picks up, and so private equity sponsors, real estate sponsors could sell assets, again, reducing the exposure in the numerator. So these things are tied. We've been through these cycles many times. Our expectation is you will see a pickup in activity. The reason why is inflation uncertainty makes it hard to do M&A and IPOs. We had a lot of uncertainty around the banking issues, we got uncertainty around inflation and uncertainty on how far the Fed would go. And the contours of that looks a little more certain. And I think that's 1 of the reasons why markets are getting more enthused. Now is it possible we see an economic slowdown, the markets pulled back a bit. We -- it's too early to sort of put out an all-clear sign here, but I think we are beginning to see this pickup in activity. And as markets rally, that tends to lead people to have more confidence to transact, which plays its way through ultimately to our customers. Right now, we're still -- there's a bit of a lag as you think about it in terms of fundraising activity, but a sustained good period for markets is very helpful for our ability to raise capital, particularly from institutional investors, also from individual investors.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Beatty with UBS.
Adam Beatty: I want to ask about the retail wealth management channel. Seems like even though redemptions are still elevated on the BCRED side, it looks like subscriptions are relatively healthy and accelerating. So it seems that the channel as such is definitely improving. On the BREIT side, gross subscriptions maybe not quite so much. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on you're hearing and seeing from the channel and maybe the outlook for the back half?
Jon Gray: Well, you hit it. In BCRED, there's obviously a lot of enthusiasm for private credit today, given the attractive risk return, the equity-like returns, taking debt-like risk. And so we have seen strong flows there. Q2, I think we said we're up 60% versus the flows in Q1, and that's obviously a positive. In BREIT, there is more negative sentiment, obviously, around commercial real estate, and there was a lot of focus here. As we said in the remarks, the good news is share redemptions are down nearly 30% from where they were at the beginning of the year. The subscriptions remain muted, but we would expect that continued strong performance. We did have three positive months here in a row, which is obviously helpful. some of the overall negative sentiment in markets and negative sentiment in commercial real estate that abating will ultimately change that dialogue. When that happens, it's hard to project. I think the key thing, if you think about the product, is that customers have had a really terrific experience inside of BRET. They've been delivered in the largest share class a 12% net return over 6.5 years, three times the public REIT market. And it's that performance, which ultimately we think will drive people coming back to the product and the structure, the redemption structure, the semi-liquid nature, still allowing people to get capital out. But doing it over time and preserving value, I think, has been really important. So our confidence in BREIT remains really high. When that turns, it's hard to say. But certainly, getting through the redemption backlog over time will be helpful in that regard.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Yesterday, the FCC released its planned draft merger guidelines, which appear to crack down particularly hard on platform and roll-up strategies that private equity firms have used to create some of their best outcomes. So firstly, do you have any initial thoughts on how big of an impact those changes could have on how your investment process works? And secondly, if you can try to frame how much of your historical deal volume has been a result of platform and roll-up strategies.
Jon Gray: We believe that what the FTC announced was really just a codification of the way they've been operating the last three years. They have had this more assertive approach towards mergers. And we've been operating in that environment already. For us, we haven't seen it as large of an impact as one might expect because oftentimes, we're not present in a given market. So buying things is not as big of an issue. We have had some strategies where we have done additional acquisitions roll up. That hasn't been a huge portion of our activity in corporate private equity. And remember so many of the things we do, secondaries real estate, private credit are not related here. But in corporate private equity on the acquisition side, it hasn't been a major issue. I would say where it's more impactful is when we're looking to exit some of our businesses, and we're talking to strategics. And there, there's a real consideration now about what is the likelihood of something getting through. And so that has had an impact on our thinking on what relative attractiveness of nonstrategic players relative to strategic players. So I would say that this has been a reality of the marketplace for some time. We've been navigating through it, and we feel confident we'll continue to navigate through it in the -- the key area of focus is really when we're looking at dispositions potentially to strategic players.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: Sorry about that, still on mute. I wanted to ask about your fee-related performance revenues, they kind of surprised in the quarter and it sounds like you're still expecting an acceleration in the back half. Is there any way you could sort of size up a little bit kind of the magnitude, that acceleration. And then just sort of thinking about next year, I know there's often like a 3-year crystallization schedule outside of what we expect from BREIT. So any thoughts on what we should expect from '23 to '24 based on what you're seeing right now?
Michael Chae: Sure, Ben, it's Michael. Yes, we've been saying since early in the year that specifically that on BPP, fee-related performance revenues, we were scheduled to have 4, and we are scheduled to have 4x more AUM crystallizing this year than last year with the ramp really in the second half of the year. And that's what you're seeing playing out. Just to put some further granularity on that, right now, about 60% of the net accrued performance revenue balance for BPP, which you can see in our quarterly report represents vehicles with scheduled crystallations in the second half, and that's substantially weighted towards the fourth quarter. So that should give you some texture around it. That sort of AUM schedule to crystallize next year for BPP will be lower than this year. But alongside that, our infrastructure fund, will see a significant crystallization event next year. And then I'd actually also highlight on fee-related performance revenues, and we don't necessarily talk about a lot or we're not asked about a lot. On BCRED and BXSL, our two credit direct lending perpetual vehicles. They have sort of steadily expanding earnings power, and you can actually see it in the numbers and then and obviously, both generate quite predictable fees each quarter based on investment income. And in the second quarter, those comprised approximately half of our fee-related performance revenues and taken together, they're up 67% actually year-over-year. So that is a steady sort of embedded, I think, positive thing in our fee-related performance revenue. So as I said in my remarks, there are multiple products at work here that are in a position to generate fee-related performance revenues over time.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian McKenna with JMP Securities.
Brian Mckenna: So just following up on your comments on Asia, performance for your first BCP Asia fund has been strong with net return of 27%. And then it looks like the second fund is off to a strong start as well. So could you talk about what's driving the healthy performance here? And then just in terms of building out your capabilities and scale in the region more broadly, I'm assuming you'll look to do this organically, but would you ever look to strategic M&A to help accelerate growth here?
Jon Gray: So the real story for us in Asia has been India. Our team there has really delivered, particularly in private equity at Dixon and the team have delivered amongst our highest returns globally in India. And it's represented, frankly, in real estate and private equity, about half of our Asia activities. And we had different weightings, I think, than others in the region, and that's kind of turned out to be a very good decision. We've been a control-oriented investor in India, which we think is the right strategy. We're also seeing very good opportunities in Japan today. That market is opening up to corporate selling off nonstrategic divisions we think we'll see more volume there. And frankly, across the region, there is more opportunity. China is a little more challenging, as you know, because of the economic headwinds and some of the geopolitical issues. But in general, Asia can grow to be much larger. We don't really think we have the need to do an acquisition. We have 8-plus, I guess, offices across the region. I was there this quarter. Our momentum in places like Australia, Korea, really strong, and we think it's a market that is underpenetrated as it relates to alternatives. And ultimately, we hope to have virtually all of our strategies in Asia at scale. So we have a sizable Asia private equity fund, sizable Asia real estate fund, we've got a core plus real estate fund in Asia, and we're doing more on the credit side in that part of the world. Hopefully, we'll add growth. There are a lot of opportunities there given the scale of the place. Certainly, India, which has been our largest market, I think will continue to be a mainstay for us just given the incredible tailwinds that country has today.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian -- sorry, Mike Brown with KBW.
Mike Brown: So you're 75% of the way through the $150 billion drawn on raising target, can you just touch on the key funds that will allow you to substantially achieve it by early 2024. And then outside of the drawdown fund, like in the wealth channel, how do you think about the growth opportunity in this channel over the coming years? And are you anticipating launching some new products into that channel, either later this year or next year?
Michael Chae: I'll just start, Mike, on just on the path to 75% to substantially completing that by early next year. Obviously, some of the big funds we're in the market with, but it's BREP Europe, where we expect -- we've had a first close, and we expect that to continue. BCP9,obviously, completing that over the coming quarters, our fifth real estate debt fund and a number of other funds. Next year will also be fundraising around our successor vehicles in life science and also in our GP Stakes fund. One thing I'd say as it relates to kind of financial impact we talked about sort of 75%. But importantly, less than half of the $150 billion flagship fundraise is currently earning management fees. And so because it obviously lags fundraise because based on deployment, you light funds later after you close them, and that percentage will accelerate over the coming quarters into 2024. So that's sort of the picture on the path.
Jon Gray: And then the question was around individual investor, well, new products, yes. We are I don't know if we're prepared to talk about the latest funds, but we do think there's more opportunity. Doing what we do today at greater scale in a different range of products, I think later this year, we'll launch something new. And one of the areas we've already started small in Europe with some other products. There's a lot of opportunity. Investors are just discovering individual investors just discovering the benefits of alternatives. The semi-liquid structures are new to many investors. And we think this is a long process. Our major competitive advantage is we started this much earlier than other people. We have a very large private wealth organization. Joan Solotar and her team have done a terrific job many people around the world. We've built up relationships with financial advisers. And then I think the thing that is hard to capture our numbers is the power of the Blackstone brand we were able to start products. It's no different than us doing insurance on a capital-light basis. Our ability to create new products and for financial advisers and their customers to allocate more to us because of the confidence in the brand is really important. And so the real consideration for us is when we launch a new product, we have to make sure the structure is right and that the returns we generate are sufficient because ultimately, this is a very long-term partnership with the financial advisers and their underlying clients. So what we do has to work, and that's why we're so focused, and we're deliberate in terms of the way we launch new products, but we definitely see more opportunity over time.
Operator: We'll go next to Rufus Hone with BMO Capital Markets.
Rufus Hone: Maybe if you could spend a minute on the FRE margin. You've done so 58% through the first half of 2023. How do you think about that through the back half of the year? And if you could give some color around the expense side. You've shown some discipline on the fee-related comp ratio I guess, can you help us think about core expense growth through the rest of the year? Any detail there would be really helpful.
Michael Chae: Sure. As we've said pretty consistently, we encourage everyone to look at full year periods, not entry in our quarterly periods with respect to margins. There's puts and takes from quarter-to-quarter and intra-year. So again, I'd say looking at full year 2023, we would just reiterate our prior comments around margin stability as compared to fiscal '22, the full year. In terms of components, I think you referenced this, recognizing that we reported other operating expense down 2% in Q2, and that we do think that we bring a pretty disciplined approach to managing our costs. There are a couple of caveats on that as you think about the second half. As you know, OpEx is seasonally higher in the second half typically and also OpEx growth in the first half of the year. benefited from the absence of COVID costs in this first half versus the presence of it a year ago. And so we're all happy to say we're through those now, but the second half OpEx growth rate will not have that benefit. So that's a little bit of texture around it. But around both margin overall comp ratio overall, I would just point you to the kind of full year period.
Operator: We'll go next to Arnaud Giblat with BNP.
Arnaud Giblat: If I could come back to private credit, you talked a lot about the golden moment here. It certainly looks like when we look at the yields and terms. I'm just wondering about deployment, which has been understandably slow. How does this evolve going forward? I suppose it's linked to capital markets healing in which case, perhaps there's a comeback from the delevered loan market and more competition, so the market share shift. I'm just wondering how to think about that.
Jonathan Gray: So it's obviously tied to transaction volume. And as I said, we have begun to see a pickup, which should lead to an acceleration of deployment and credit. These things are tied together. And yes, when people get enthused about credit, the leveraged loan market could and should see more flows. But I do think there is a -- on the direct lending side, a structural advantage of private credit because if you don't need to distribute that, if you're in the storage business, you can deliver to the borrower, the private equity sponsor price certainty. And that's very hard for a financial institution who is selling it down and obviously wants to manage their risk. I think where it becomes more competitive, is on existing loans where somebody starts to look to refinance and when spreads tighten at some point, that's where the leveraged loan market becomes more competitive or the high-yield market, if people believe that long rates have come down and spreads have come down. But in the new origination business, that's an area where I think direct lenders have a real sustainable advantage. It, I think, becomes more competitive for existing loans when at such time that the existing market tightens a fair amount. That hasn't happened yet. But that could in a better market. But overall, transaction activity, to your point, is obviously tied to originations. And when both those things pick up, we think that's a positive thing.
Operator: There are no additional questions in queue at this time.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2023 Investor Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Katie, and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's first quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to certain non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $211 million. Distributable earnings were $1.2 billion or $0.97 per common share and we declared a dividend of $0.82 per share, which will be paid to holders of record as of May 1st. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and good morning and thank you for joining our call. First quarter of 2023 represented a turbulent period for markets, tightening financial conditions and growing concerns of a recession. While the S&P 500 posted gains that were concentrated in just a handful of large tech companies. Meanwhile, the median stock in the US was flat for the quarter was down 35% from recent peak levels. Capital markets activity remains muted. The IPOs and M&A activity down 50% to 60% year-over-year. Combat inflation, the Fed has increased the Fed funds rate by 475 basis points just in one year, representing the largest increase since 1980. While there is not widespread distress in the real economy, this tightening campaign has led to significant challenges for investors, along with unintended consequences which we saw with UK pensions last summer. More recently in the US and European banking systems. These challenges once again highlighted the exceptional strength and stability of Blackstone. Our clients and counterparties have learned there is an inherent safety in dealing with us. We don't operate with the risk profile of financial firms that have fallen into trouble almost always due to the combination of a highly leveraged balance sheet and a mismatch of assets and liabilities. At Blackstone, we have neither. We're an asset light manager of third-party capital distributed across hundreds of segregated investment vehicles. Our firm has minimal net debt and no insurance liabilities. We don't take deposits. I'll say that one again. We don't take deposits. The vast majority of AUM is under long-term contracts or in perpetual strategies. In our funds, we seek to align the time horizon of our investments with the duration of the capital which positions us to not be forced sellers in difficult markets. This is true of our semi-liquid vehicles as well, such as BREIT, which invests in longer term assets. We designed this vehicle at its formation in 2017 with predetermined limits for potential repurchases in order to be prepared for adverse market conditions, creating a level of safety so that it can continue to deliver strong outperformance over the long-term as it has done historically. The safety of Blackstone's approach extends to the way we invest. One of our core values is to avoid losing our customers money. Of course, we also seek to significantly outperform benchmarks over time. As everyone knows we have. We've launched nearly 90 drawdown funds in our history, comprising approximately $500 billion of aggregate commitments, which almost all 98% of them generated gains for investors despite adverse investment environments during the lives at some point most of these funds. We have an extremely rigorous process for evaluating risk with an investment committee framework designed to minimize the prospect of losses and ensure consistency of judgment. And our global scale and reach give us deep insights into what's happening in the real economy, which inform how we position the firm and our portfolio ahead of changing conditions. To paraphrase a quote often attributed to the hockey great Wayne Gretzky, you have to skate to where the puck is going, not to where it is. At Blackstone, we follow the same approach. In real estate, an area of heightened external focus by the media and investors recently. Our equity business has experienced realized losses in only 1% over 30 years, a truly remarkable result. This includes during the global financial crisis, a period which saw most of our competitors collapse or exit the market. In contrast, we bought the right assets and put in place the right capital structures. More than doubling investor capital in that vintage of funds. We emerged from the crisis stronger and believe that this cycle will have a similar outcome. Today, investor sentiment toward real estate has been quite negative, again, largely due to the pressures, as Jon explained on TV today in the US office market. Vacancies in offices have reached all-time high levels, and owners of many of these assets may be unable to extend financing in a more constrained capital environment. At Blackstone, we have minimal exposure to traditional US office. Having reduced our holdings from over 60% of the real estate equity portfolio at the time of our IPO in 2007. Less than 2% today. We instead emphasize sectors that are doing very well, including logistics, which now comprises 40% of the portfolio, up from zero in 2007. A real estate team has done a remarkable job of portfolio construction. In fact, I would call it some of Blackstone's finest work. Our positioning is the reason that BREIT, for example, continues to generate strong growth in cash flows, up an estimated 9% year-over-year in the first quarter, despite market headwinds. We expect our investors to have a highly differentiated experience as a result as they have throughout our history. In credit, higher interest rates and much higher available yields have led to significantly more investor capital being allocated to this area. Jon will expand on this opportunity for Blackstone. Simultaneously, there is an increased focus on the potential for higher market defaults in an economic turndown. Blackstone's credit business, as with real estate, we've delivered excess returns over long periods of time while protecting the downside. For example, we have the largest manager of leveraged loans in the world. And our historic annual default rate in the US is less than 1%. This record and our standard of care should provide comfort to investors who are new to this asset class. Private credit disperses risk outside the government backstop banking sector with capital typically raised in discreet long-term funds rather than a funding model that is reliant on deposits which demand instant liquidity. This approach to credit extension makes the system safer and also supports the economy in challenging times. Our limited partners recognized Blackstone, a safe institution, which to allocate their capital even as the world becomes more complex. In fact especially so. We've learned that the best time to put money to work is in a risk off world. When sentiment becomes negative. Recent stress in the banking system has led to heightened levels of negativity, along with diminished availability of credit, which should provide additional opportunity for us. Given the firm's scale, available capital in both credit and equity areas. Overall, our LPs have entrusted us with an unprecedented $194 billion of dry powder ahead of what we believe could be a historic opportunity for deployment. One final note for me. Earlier this week, S&P Dow Jones updated the eligibility rules for their flagship indices to once again include companies with multiple share classes. This important development follows a consultation period in which they engaged a broad universe of market constituents. Blackstone is by far the largest company by market cap, not included in the S&P 500 today. We are hopeful that this development paves the way for our inclusion, which would be very positive for our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Despite the challenges of the current environment, Blackstone's value proposition for customers and shareholders is stronger than ever. I'll discuss the key elements that underpin this confidence. First, our investment performance remains highly differentiated, as it has been for nearly four decades. This is the most important determinant of our success and is what allows us to attract more capital. We've delivered 15% net returns annually in corporate private equity, opportunistic real estate and secondaries, 12% in tactical opportunities and 10% in credit. In Q1, our funds protected investor capital against the volatile market backdrop, which Michael will discuss. Over the past 12 months, nearly all our flagship strategies again meaningfully outperform the relevant public indices. Second, our strong returns are the direct result of the way we've deployed capital and where we are very well positioned for the current environment. As we've said before, where you invest matters. Nowhere is that more apparent than in real estate, where 83% of the portfolio is in our high conviction sectors, including logistics, rental housing, hotels, data centers and life science office. We're seeing a massive divergence in performance in these areas compared to more challenged parts of the real estate market. In logistics, the largest exposure in our real estate portfolio and at the firm overall, we estimate the mark-to-market for our warehouse rents is approximately 50% in the United States, 30% in the U.K. and 100% in Canada, while at the same time market rents are generally growing at double-digit rates. In rental housing, the second largest concentration in our real estate portfolio. Rents have moderated in our US apartment buildings, but we're still seeing releasing spreads of approximately 4% and cash flow growth that's materially higher. While our student and other housing assets are showing even greater strength. At the same time, the pullback in capital markets is further constraining the new supply pipeline for most types of real estate, which is likely to intensify as regional banks provide a meaningful portion of US construction lending. This is quite positive for real estate over time. Aside from the supply demand dynamics, the single most important driver for real estate valuations is the level of the ten-year treasury. While rising rates have been a significant headwind for real estate valuations recently, we've seen a reversal with the ten-year yield down 65 basis points from its high last year. In corporate private equity. Our operating companies are showing continued strong momentum. Revenues grew 13% in Q1, reflecting our timely emphasis on travel, leisure and energy transition companies. Meanwhile, we're seeing indications that cost pressures have peaked while the broader economy remains resilient. We do anticipate a deceleration given the weight of the Fed's actions and pressure on the banking system. Our company's overall are well positioned to navigate such an environment. In credit, over 90% of our non-insurance portfolio is floating rate and fundamentals remain healthy with a default rate of less than 1% across our non-investment grade loans. Finally, BAAM's weightings and structured credit and quant strategies helped drive positive performance once again in Q1 with much less volatility than broader markets. In the last two plus years since we brought in a new investment leadership team, BAAM has beaten the typical 60-40 portfolio by nearly 1500 basis points. Remarkable outperformance in liquid markets. Third, as a result of our performance, our customers are entrusting us with more capital. The fundraising environment has become more challenging, but the breadth of our firm allows us to continue to raise scale capital, including over $40 billion in the first quarter and $217 billion over the last 12 months. We're seeing the greatest today for private credit solutions, given higher interest rates and wider spreads. Coupled with the pullback in regional bank activity. This is a golden moment for our credit, real estate credit and insurance solutions teams, which accounted for 60% of the firm's inflows in Q1. Our four major insurance clients allocated an additional $8 billion to us in the first quarter, and we expect a strong pace of inflows from them throughout the year. In the case of resolution, the $3 billion external fund raise is now fully committed and the repositioning of their asset base is underway. We also launched a new US direct lending product in Q1 for both institutional and insurance clients, targeting $10 billion for this first vintage. We've raised nearly $6 billion to date for our green energy oriented private credit vehicle and expect to hit the $7 billion cap in June. Our new real estate debt vehicle has strong initial momentum with $3.5 billion of commitments so far and in private wealth BCRED's monthly subscriptions on April 1st reached their highest level since October at nearly $500 million. As one of the largest private direct lenders in a world of growing capital constraints, we see this as an extremely favourable environment for deployment. More broadly, as regional banks experienced outflows of deposits, we are seeing real-time opportunities to partner with them at scale, utilising our insurance capital in areas like auto finance, home improvement lending and equipment finance. We expect private credit and insurance to grow significantly from here. Moving to our private wealth platform, which overall had a solid first quarter against a difficult backdrop. We raised $8.1 billion in the channel, including $4.5 billion from the University of California. We're seeing stabilization in BREIT's repurchase trends with requests down 16% in March compared to the January peak. But obviously it depends in the near term on market conditions. We remain confident in the re-acceleration of growth in this channel once volatility recedes, given the exceptional positioning and performance of our products. Turning to our drawdown fund business, a few weeks ago, we held the final close for our global real estate flagship, which reached $30.4 billion. The largest private equity or real estate private equity fund ever raised. We also commenced fundraising for the next vintage of our European strategy, targeting a similar amount as the prior fund, which was EUR9.5 billion of third-party capital, with a first close expected this summer. In corporate private equity, we've raised $15.5 billion to date for our latest flagship, with additional closings expected in the second quarter. The environment has remained difficult, but we continue to target a vehicle of substantially similar size as the prior fund. Overall, we are affirming our $150 billion target, with approximately 70% raised to date. We anticipate having substantially achieved this by early next year. Fourth, our latest fundraising cycle has positioned us very well for the current environment. We have nearly $200 billion of dry powder to take advantage of dislocation. With stock markets under pressure, we did agree to privatize two public companies in an otherwise muted deployment quarter, including a leading provider of events management software and a logistics REIT in the UK. We also continued our push into the energy transition space with a commitment to acquire a portfolio of wind and solar assets through our infrastructure portfolio company Invenergy. Finally, we remain true to our asset light brand heavy strategy, relying on our people and track record to grow. We continue to operate with minimal net debt and no insurance liabilities. Over the past five years, we've generated $22 billion of distributable earnings and have paid out 100% of these earnings through dividends and buybacks. Our share count has remained flat over this period despite AUM more than doubling. There are few firms in the world with such a shareholder friendly approach to returning capital to investors. Our unleveraged capital light model is especially valuable in a time like this. In closing, despite the market's near-term challenges, we remain focused on being long-term investors patient with our existing assets and lightning quick as opportunities emerge and our model allows us to do both. With that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Firm's first quarter results reflected steady performance against a challenging external operating environment. Our funds protected capital in volatile markets and we continue to expand the foundation of the firm's earnings power across multiple drivers of growth. I'll discuss each of these areas in more detail. Starting with results. The unique breadth of our platform and the power of our brand have led to continued strong momentum across inflows, AUM and management fees. Total AUM rose 8% year-over-year to $991 billion, with $217 billion of inflows over the last 12 months. This is through a period in which the S&P 500 declined 8% and the public REIT index was down nearly 20%. The earning AUM also increased 8%, driving base management fees up 13% year-over-year to a record $1.6 billion in Q1, marking the 53rd consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Fee related earnings were $1 billion in the quarter or $0.86 per share stable with Q4 supported by the growth in management fees and the firm's strong margin position. The year-over-year FRE comparison was affected by a decline in fee related performance revenues. We highlighted previously, we expect these revenues to accelerate in the second half of this year. With respect to margins, FRE margin for the trailing 12 months expanded 80 basis points from the prior year comparable period to 57.4% collective of the firm's disciplined focus on managing expenses in a difficult environment. Distributable earnings were $1.2 billion in the first quarter or $0.97 per share, again, largely stable with Q4. Net realizations declined year-over-year as last year's market turbulence had the effect of reducing the realization pipeline entering 2023. Notwithstanding these headwinds, the firm's ability to generate approximately $1 per share of DEs again in Q1, a level met or exceeded now for seven straight quarters, illustrates the elevation in earnings power that has been underway at Blackstone. Terms of realizations during the quarter, we took advantage of a favourable window of market liquidity before the SVB related turbulence to sell $3 billion of public stock across a number of portfolio companies in private equity at an aggregate multiple of investor capital approximately three times. The sales included the full exit of our stake in Sona Comstar, company we transformed from a traditional auto parts supplier to India's largest electric vehicle components provider. Including prior sales, we generated $1.4 billion of gains on this investment and 11 times our LPs money. While the environment for realization is likely to remain challenged in the near term, our long-term fund structures allow us to benefit of patients. We can focus on building value while we wait for market conditions to improve. In the meantime, the firm's performance revenue potential continues to grow. Performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground is nearly $500 billion at quarter-end. Net accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet, the firm's store of value stands at $6.4 billion or $5.27 per share well down from a record level in Q1 of last year, primarily due to realizations. The receivable is still up 22% in two years and has nearly tripled in three years. We hold $16 billion of public stock in our private equity and real estate drawdown funds. When markets ultimately stabilize, we are well positioned for an acceleration in realizations. Turning to investment performance. First quarter corporate private equity funds appreciated 2.8%. And overall our portfolio companies reporting strong revenue growth and resilient margins. In real estate, the BREP opportunistic funds were largely stable in the quarter, while the coreplus funds depreciated 1.6%. We are seeing sustained strength in our key sectors in terms of cash flow growth offset in Q1 by sharp write-downs in our remaining traditional office portfolio, which we had already significantly reduced over a period of multiple quarters. Within coreplus, BREIT's Class I shares reported a modest negative net return of 0.5%. However, BREIT's return was a positive 0.6%, excluding the effect of its interest rate hedge, which was impacted by the dramatic decline in the ten-year Treasury yield. The hedge overall has generated substantial gains for investors locking in low cost fixed rate debt ahead of last year's rise in interest rates. Since inception, BREIT has delivered net returns of approximately 12% per year, or nearly three times the public REIT index. In credit, the private and liquid credit strategies appreciated 3.4% and 3% respectively in the first quarter, reflective of a healthy portfolio generating attractive current income. And in BAAM, the BPS gross composite return was 0.9% in Q1. The 12th quarter in a row of positive performance. Moving to the outlook, we remain highly confident in the multiyear expansion of the firm's earnings power and FRE with several embedded growth drivers. First, in our drawdown fund business, we continue to advance toward our $150 billion target across 18 months. Second, perpetual capital platform continues to expand with AUM up 13% year-over-year to $381 billion, including more than 30% growth in our BIP infrastructure and BCRED strategies. Third, in the insurance area, AUM for our dedicated platform has reached nearly $170 billion, up $9 billion sequentially from Q4, driven by robust inflows from our major clients. 2023 in total, we expect inflows of $25 billion to $30 billion from these clients. We anticipate substantial, largely contractual growth for our insurance platform in the years ahead. To summarize, the firm has significant momentum of multiple engines driving us forward. In closing, we are very optimistic about the future of Blackstone. Our business model is designed to protect us in difficult times and we have greater investment firepower than ever before. We remain totally focused on delivering for our investors. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. So I'm curious, you mentioned the 20% AUM, thereabouts, that you're sitting on, almost 200 billion. And in the comments you both said ahead of what we believe will be an attractive environment for deployment. Are there any leading indicators that would give us any confidence that it's coming in the near term? I know it's a lot. I know it's eventually going to happen. But what are you looking at to see closing of bid ask spreads or is it a funding environment thing? Just curious to get more color on that? Thanks.
Jon Gray: Glenn, I think, it's a good question. I think the answer is not one size fits all. I think what we will see is more activity on the private credit insurance side because there because of the tightness in the banking system, I think, deployment there should accelerate. In our secondaries business, we've begun to see transaction activity pick up. In fact, in the first quarter, that was up. I think, the highest level since the fourth quarter of '21. So we are seeing some folks who are looking for liquidity to get below sort of their target allocation levels. I do think for private equity, real estate private equity, those things take a little bit of time. There tends to be a need for a little more sort of confidence in markets, a little more stability. And I think that will be a little while in the making. A lot of it does tie to sentiment overall, obviously, as inflation comes down. I think that's a very important indicator to give markets confidence. Right now, people are concerned about the banking system. They're concerned about a slowdown, and that doesn't tend to lead to a lot of transaction activity. So I think it will happen in waves in different segments. It ultimately will happen, it always does. But it's hard to point to any one thing as we sit here today.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you. Good morning, Steve, Jon, Hope you're both doing well.
Jon Gray: Thanks.
Craig Siegenthaler: So if you add the 5 billion of real estate debt SMAs plus the contribution on credit, it looks like the insurance channel probably drove about 10 billion in net flows or about a quarter of the total this quarter. So I'm wondering, did I get that right? And then extending this thought from here, we wanted your perspective on the insurance channel's ability to generate outsized flows over the next year before we see markets recover and then flows in the retail and institutional channels reaccelerate?
Jon Gray: So I think the number is a little over $8 billion, but you're close, Craig, from insurance. I think the nice thing about insurance, as Michael pointed out, is we have these contractual relationships with large clients, notably with Corebridge. We're just starting to ramp up the flows from the resolution partnership we have. There are strong inflows at Fidelity & Guaranty as they grow their business. And all of that gives us a lot of confidence in terms of the outlook from our major clients. I think additionally there are others in the space who see what we're able to do in areas like asset-backed finance, corporate direct lending, and they're looking to do some SMAs targeted in areas and as we get more scale, it creates a bit of a virtuous cycle. And then, of course, there are the episodic moments where we find a larger potential customer. We now have four. We also have Everlake as well, the former Allstate Life and Retirement platform. So I think we've got multiple engines. We've got this contractual growth that will continue to grow over time and take us up to $250 billion basically on its own. Our clients could find other strategic things to do. We've got these SMA opportunities with insurance companies really around the globe and then we can find new large-scale clients. And I think that's really the beauty of our model, which is we're not an insurance company, we're an asset manager, and so we can serve multiple clients just like we do in our institutional business. So I would say our confidence level around the insurance area remains extremely high.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Beatty with UBS.
Adam Beatty: Thank you and good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the opportunity in private credit. Very interesting and attractive. I want to get your thoughts on another source of private credit, which has been syndicated lending that's been fairly weak or even totally stuck over recent periods. So how do you see that part of the environment? Is there a recovery in the offering there? And would that affect kind of the growth trajectory you see for private credit at Blackstone? Thanks.
Jon Gray: So the syndicated lending market, its challenges are that there's a lot of volatility in the system. So if you're a bank today and you're generally in the moving business, right, you commit to a non-investment grade corporate credit, a private equity deal, you're trying to sell that down. But given the volatility, you're going to say to the borrower, hey, look, I need a lot of flex in the pricing. I need to be able to gap out the pricing 200 basis point, 300 basis points. And when there's this kind of volatility that makes it hard and as a borrower putting on our private equity cap, we'd prefer to do things on a direct basis where we know we have certainty. At some point, of course, volatility will come down and the syndicated market will become more competitive. But I do think structurally over time, direct lenders have a competitive advantage because they're in the storage business and I think they will continue to gain more share on newly originated deals where you've got to make a commitment for a public to private that lasts a long period of time. I think once a borrower is in the marketplace is established, there's not an intermediary who has to take a bunch of near-term credit risk. The syndicated market has a lot of competitive advantages. So I think they both coexist. But I think in the new origination market, more and more of that will move to direct lenders.
Adam Beatty: Great perspective. I appreciate that.
Jon Gray: Yeah. And I would just point out, we're big players in both. We're the leading investor in CLOs and we're the leading direct lender as well. Sorry, go ahead.
Adam Beatty: Yeah. Excellent. Fair enough. Yeah.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you. Good morning. So a question on investment performance. Blackstone has generated very strong returns historically, but just as you look out over the next decade, I'm just curious to hear your perspective around Blackstone's ability and also the overall private markets industry's ability to deliver excess returns over public markets. And the question is on what sort of environment would you say the scope for outperformance is more versus less, and what are some of the opportunities there and steps you could take to enhance your ability to generate excess return, such as with direct origination and also harnessing artificial intelligence?
Jon Gray: So I would say for the last 30 plus years we've been at this now, we've continued to have durable advantages over public markets in our investing. And I think it comes down to our sector selection, the advantages of scale, and often inefficiencies and marketplaces, our ability to intervene in companies, which is really important with our portfolio operations team and then our capital allocation decisions for these companies. And that formula has continued to work extremely well in very good environments and very challenging environments, and I don't see any reason why that goes away. In fact, we think as we get larger, we get better at this. We get better at scale because of the competitive advantage of size and the private markets. But we also have more inputs. If you think about investing as pattern recognition, connecting dots, I don't think there's any firm in the world who gets to see more dots than we do. And so we can see something that's happening in the United States and how it's relevant in other parts of the world. You can see that in our global logistics investing. I think there are real powerful advantages from our scale and our model. So we think these return premiums will persist over time. In terms of technology, Steve can comment, but I would just say we've made a huge investment here on data scientists. We've got more than 40 of them. Every time we do a deal in private equity, in real estate infrastructure, we've got a data scientist on the deal team. We're embedding them in our portfolio companies. We realize the world's changing quickly and we want to invest in that and be ahead of it.
Steve Schwarzman: That area. This is Steve. That area is really sort of exploding. And we saw this probably five to six years ago. And we started a department here with fantastic people. We use them on due diligence, interestingly. Because when you accumulate large databases, sometimes it's hard to figure out what's going on with them. And we have that ability to do it. This whole generative AI area, which is fascinating, we've had our people sort of out in California meeting with a lot of the people involved in the whole AI area funding College of Computing at MIT and AI ethics area in Oxford. And so we have a very unusual network here. Commercial of the firm of knowing what's going on. And I was with somebody last night who involved in this sector -- outside of the Blackstone [indiscernible] call just a dramatic increases in our efforts [indiscernible] that kind of power applied to databases but very important outcomes in some of these large language models will be erratic for a while. But as this is applied, for example, individual businesses of their own -- generate over time of those databases. The [indiscernible] is one of the risks of large databases. You'll be able to do really very, very unusual things analytically on that model, which most people don't do that. So strap yourself in on this one. Next question, please, Katie.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'd like to focus on BREDS. The pace of inflows has really picked up over the last two quarters. I assume helped in part by your insurance relationships. So maybe first, how is demand for BREDS developing from your non-insurance clients? Secondly, how are commercial real estate conditions impacting the size of the addressable market for BREDS from the investment perspective? And then lastly, deployment remains very light similar to the other parts of your real estate business. Can you share the outlook for deployment for BREDS? And are the factors impacting deployment any different from core or opportunistic real estate?
Jon Gray: Well, I think our real estate debt business has a really great spot today. Banks are quite focused on CRE exposure shareholders, regulators, and that is leading to a pullback. So if you have fresh capital to deploy in that area, I think, it's quite positive. It can be on the new origination side in our latest BREDS fund, which we're in the process of raising. It can also be in liquid real estate securities, debt securities where people are just cautious and trying to reduce exposure. We talked here at the beginning of the call about the massive differentiation across real estate. And now at times you see people just pulling back regardless of the sector they're exposed to. So I think the opportunity in real estate debt will come first. And I think it's a very favourable time to be a lender in that space. Obviously the office sector in the US is the one cautionary area where there's more exposure, although debt loan to value levels were much lower than they were in the last downturn. I think overall the opportunity exists here with insurance clients and with regular way institutional clients. We're going to continue to pursue it broadly. It's one of the great things about Blackstone is we have so many different engines out there. In real estate, we not only have this equity business, we have a very big real estate debt business, which alone is $60 billion in most firms, that would be quite sizable. But inside our nearly trillion dollars, it doesn't get a lot of attention. But I do think it's an area of growth for us. I think we're obviously raising the next drawdown. And for the insurance clients and institutional clients in more liquid areas, I think there's a lot of opportunity.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Maybe just to pivot to BREIT. Jon, you talked about the potential for mark-to-market improvements in rent. How would you think that kind of layers through over the course of the year? I mean, obviously, the hedge on the long bond hurt a little bit in the first quarter. But as we move through the year, are you optimistic that performance profile will improve? And as investors think about the redemption request, do you think it will be more of a factor of overall risk of appetite in the market or do you think the BREIT investors will see that performance improvement potential and therefore even reduce those redemption requests and potentially turn this product net flow positive later this year?
Jon Gray: Well, ultimately, Brian, it's performance that matters. And I think what's remarkable, there's a lot of attention, as you know, on the redemptions. What's quite remarkable is that in the first quarter, we saw 9% estimated same-store cash flow growth against this very large $100 billion plus portfolio of commercial real estate. And it speaks to the positioning of the fund, our exposure in rental housing, not just traditional rental housing, but also in single family rentals, in student housing where there's real strength. It's the logistics where you have this big mark-to-market. We have some hotel exposure and one area we haven't talked a lot about, BREIT has a data center business that is doing extraordinarily well. And we believe that the positioning of BREIT in those sectors and its focus on the Sunbelt, again, the fact that we chose to invest most of this in the Sunbelt in places like Texas and Florida is a real difference maker. And we think as you look over time, that's what really matters here. Now, as you look forward, what's going to impact the redemptions? I think it's a combination. I think it will be multiple months of positive performance. We'll show people and give them confidence as well as volatility in the marketplace coming down. Right now, we're seeing investors cautious really towards all equity vehicles. And we're seeing something better in terms of flows today in BCRED, because investors are more open to the debt business. But we think this is just a question of time. If we deliver, given the portfolio we built, the structure we've got here, this is working for investors, as we've talked about, 12% since inception, triple the public REIT index. That's ultimately what matters. The portfolio positioning, what's matters, and then as that performance shows up, as markets become a little less volatile then I think you'll see a resumption of more positive flows here.
Steve Schwarzman: One thing that John mentioned was data centers. And we own one of the largest data center companies in the world. The growth in that area as a result of the changes with AI are going to be really, really substantial. The need for data centers is going to escalate. And I point that out just as an area of competitive advantage for us in our funds.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thank you for all that color.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So I was hoping we could expand the credit discussion a little broader to sort of all things private lending in prior periods of dislocation, Blackstone really used it as an opportunity to sort of build out new businesses. And direct lending has been going there in that direction for a while. CRE, as we talked about, looks interesting. But what else is out there that you think is currently performed by the banks that could fit the private model? Where do you see the biggest kind of disconnect between supply and demand? And maybe talk a little bit about your ability to raise capital around those initiatives.
Jon Gray: Great question, Alex. I would say the asset backed area is the greatest area of opportunity today beyond what we've talked about in direct lending to corporates as well as commercial real estate. The regional banks generally play a very large role in home improvement loans and auto loans, equipment, finance. Those are all areas of opportunities. I'd also say NAV lending to funds is another area in the asset backed space. We see a lot of opportunity and what's happening today is there are banks out there who have very good relationships with borrowers who want to continue to generate this flow and we can be a long term partner to them and take a share of that flow. And we're in a number of discussions. And I think what you'll see here is some potentially funds, but a lot of more targeted SMAs, particularly with insurance clients and I think also with some of our traditional pension clients. And what's happening here is the private equity and alternatives business started in the equity space taking money out of public equity allocations. I think the opportunity today is in fixed income to convince institutional investors to take a little less liquidity and to partner with somebody like us. So I think you could see this with our large institutional clients scaling up quite a bit and certainly in the insurance arena. And that's why we said we really think it's a golden moment for private credit.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thanks. We'll go next to Finian O'Shea with Wells Fargo.
Finian O'Shea: Hi, everyone. Good morning. A question on the growth opportunity in retail. Can you talk about the competition with cash and how you're positioning products for success against higher money market yields? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Well, what I'd say is in our drawdown funds that we sell, we're obviously targeting much higher returns. So there there's less of an issue. If you look again at what we produced in our private credit vehicle BCRED. If you look at what we've done in BREIT, again, meaningful premiums over cash. I would point out that BCRED in particular is a floating rate lender. And as a floating rate lender, it's benefiting. Its returns this year have been extremely strong because defaults remain low and base rates have moved up quite a bit. We're now also seeing spreads gap out on new originations, which helps. So BCRED perfectly positioned benefiting as rates move up. BREIT still has a favourable yield because if you remember, we pay out north of a 4% dividend for US investors because of the tax shield here. It's an effective current yield close to 7%. So we think these products are still very well positioned. That is increased competition for us today. But over time we think it's total return that really matters.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Perhaps one for Michael. You mentioned sort of FRPR to likely accelerate in the back half of the year. So kind of hoping you might be able to maybe give us a little bit of color. What gives you confidence or visibility there? And then I guess thinking about it just on a related basis, ex the FRPR, any sense of how we could think about incremental FRE margin expansion throughout the kind of next 12 to 18 months would also be helpful? Thank you.
Michael Chae: All right. Gerry on FRPRs we talked about this before in my remarks, but we definitely see an acceleration. And I specifically point to two things. BPC FRPRs in the second half of the year. We have a schedule. It's known what will be eligible for incentive fee events. I think we mentioned last quarter four times more AUM will be crystallizing this year than last year. There was very little in the first quarter. There'll be a modest amount in the second quarter -- in the second quarter. So it's a really second half event, the ultimate dollars. And that will obviously be a function of the embedded gains at that time, but we have decent visibility on that. I'd also note on BCRED, which is sort of a little bit below the radar as it relates to FRPRs. That is obviously a steadily expanding base of both management fees and FRPRs. And those FRPRs are based on investment income borrowers paying interest. It's a very stable and crystallizes core. So it's a very stable source of incentive fees. And I'd note that FRPRs for BCRED break it out, but those doubled year-over-year in the first quarter actually. So there's important underlying momentum, I think, from multiple areas, not just the ones we get a lot of attention. On margins, as I said in my remarks, I would just say the big picture is we -- I think stepping back, we -- I think it's fair to say we've demonstrated the ability to generate significant operating leverage over time. So and that comes from strong underlying management fee growth for long periods of time and disciplined approach to cost management and our biggest area of cost compensation. We fundamentally have a performance aligned structure over which we have considerable control. So in terms of the outlook, as always, I would focus on full year delivery, not intra year, quarter-to-quarter. I'd refer you back to my comments from last quarter regarding confidence about market stability. And so for the full year 2023 relative to 2022, I think we continue to do.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: Hi there. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about refinancing risk across the portfolio, thinking about real estate in particular. But kind of wondering, are there any areas where you have portfolio companies or real estate assets paying fixed rates under debt where there could be a potential step up over the next few years? How are you guys thinking about that risk there?
Jon Gray: Well, what I would say on that is the good news is we have very little in the way of near-term maturities, which is the most significant thing. We generally are operating funds these days at far lower leverage than we had in the past and we have ample reserves in these funds. And because we're positioned in the strong sectors, cash flow growth has been very significant, which really helps when you get to refinancing. So had we positioned heavier obviously in US office buildings, excuse me, had we done a lot in retail. I think we would be more vulnerable. It doesn't mean there aren't specific situations. And at times we have walked from assets when we don't see equity value. But when you look at our portfolios as a whole, we've used a very disciplined approach to leverage and even at higher interest expense, we feel good about our ability to refinance and extend our debt.
Michael Chae: And Ben just to add some stats around that, I mean, I would just reinforce what Jon said. I think we're -- our teams are the best in the business actually at sort of managing capital structures, laddering maturities and making that constant process, locking in, floating rates, fixing floating rates at attractive moments. And so just in terms of some metrics, across our real estate and private equity portfolios, these are portfolio companies. With the average maturity remaining life in the maturities are about four and a half years. So we're talking about the end of 2027. So really good runway there. As Jon said, minimal maturities across the portfolio this year. And in a business like private equity, even though there's typically, on the face of it, essentially a fixed high yield component, but also a floating rate senior debt component. As I mentioned, our teams worked and have worked in the past to fix those floating rates at attractive times. So approximately probably two-thirds of our private equity debt is essentially fixed rate at attractive levels. So we're very, I think, conscientious and focused about managing our capital structures.
Ben Budish: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning, everyone. PE fundraising remains pretty anemic. And you mentioned it remains tough, but there was a poll out from BlackRock this week which I think had the fairly surprising conclusion that the respondents by far most wanted to increase allocations to private equity this year. That appears to be an outlier versus other polls we've seen. So through the lens of that, do you sense in your more broad discussions with LPs that they're starting to step in more to PE allocations and thus we could see a bigger uptick sometime later this year or is that poll surprising to you as well?
Jon Gray: Yeah, it's interesting. Our clients love private equity. That's the bottom line. And why do they love private equity? It's because it's been the best performing part of their portfolio for a long period of time and virtually every one of our clients. So when you have something that does well, you generally want more of it. Their challenge, of course, is that it's grown to be above their target. So they could have 10% or 12 or 15% target. They're above that. And so they're constrained. And therefore in some cases they're doing some secondaries. In some cases they're raising the allocations. We talked last quarter about New York State raising allocations to private equity, but it's making them more cautious in the sense they only have so much budget to allocate. But it's not because of a lack of desire. And I would make the broader point which is so important to our firm overall. Our clients like alternatives, our institutional clients, insurance clients, individual investors. And so the mega trend is intact. We're in a more challenging moment, but clients desire for alternatives is very strong. But there are some structural challenges just in the near term because they may be over allocated right now. Those things tend to go away over time and their desire will be -- will become reality. And so that's what gives us a lot of confidence. But yes, near term, a more challenging private equity fundraising environment.
Steve Schwarzman: But in the same survey, credit was up 52%. What it said is that 52% of institutional investors want to increase their allocation to credit. And we're feeling that. And that's a theme that both Jon and Michael really amplified on. And the BlackRock survey indicates it's quite logical that's a place to go. And that's not something historically that has been a first choice kind of decision at a time of low interest rates, obviously, that's all changed.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Brown with KBW.
Michael Brown: Hi, Gray. I just wanted to ask on the real estate segment, how should we think about the interplay of the growth in the equity and debt funds here and how that could play out for the fee rate for the segment overall? So I know like the fee rate is generally an output here, but given the growth of BREDS and the strength of the insurance SMA business. Is it fair to assume that those the strength there could actually put a little bit of a downward mixed shift on the fee rate overall for the segment?
Michael Chae: Michael, overall, I think zooming out on the firm and on the real estate segment, as you probably know, management fee rates over long periods of time have been remarkably stable. And in fact, if anything tilting upwards, probably the one sort of dilutive factor is frankly the great growth of insurance in that sort of by a couple of basis points overall affects the firm's overall management fee rate. I think for the real estate segment and Jon can chime in on relative growth rates, long-term positive tailwinds obviously around the growth rates of both the actual management fee rates, I think on the BREDS business are not such that I think you would see the overall segments, weighted average management fee dilute by very much over time.
Michael Brown: Okay. Great. Thanks for clarifying.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Katz with Credit Suisse.
William Katz: Okay. Thanks very much for taking the question this morning. Just circling back to the retail opportunity. So I'm wondering if you could sort of think through or help us think through the evolution of the opportunity as it relates to product design, in terms of the liquidity nature of the business, any shift in the pricing? And then from here, what products do you think will drive incremental growth and any update around private equity opportunity for that? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Bill. I would say we still see this as an enormous area of opportunity. There's $85 trillion of wealth in accounts where people have more than $1 million to invest. On average, folks in the individual investor space are only allocated 1% or 2% to alternatives, as opposed to our institutional clients who are 25% or 30%. So there seems to us to be a lot of runway in this area. It does tend to lend itself a little better to yield oriented products. So real estate and credit not a surprise. We started in these areas. I think as it relates to the liquidity features. I think we've done a very good job creating these products. So we were match funded. I think BCRED for us, which has quarterly redemption features and a bit of a delay on when those redemptions come out is probably a little bit of a better structure. That being said, you've seen with BREIT, we've done a terrific job managing this, running it with appropriate liquidity and delivering great returns for our investors. And I do think as these products evolve over time, there'll be a little more focus on how potentially they can be tweaked to optimize both return and risk. Also, when you sell these products, what kind of program and setup can you use to make sure investors recognize this should be a long-term holding for them like it is for institutional investors. In terms of new products. Yes, I think private equity broadly is an area of opportunity. It's corporate private equity. For us, it could be secondaries, it could be life sciences, growth, tactical opportunities. We really have a unique platform that can source a lot of deal flow. Again, this is a less liquid area than real estate and credit. So the structure would have to align with that. And then I think infrastructure is something we haven't talked about on the call could be an area of opportunity. As you all know, we've grown that business in five or so years to 36 billion of assets, outstanding performance really delivered for institutions. Again, it's a long-term compounder with a yield component should be attractive. So and then I think there are subcategories who knows real estate debt, other areas, multi-asset credit. I think as we build relationships with individual investors and deliver for them their confidence in investing in a range of products and having a mix of both the semi-liquid vehicles and then for some drawdown vehicles. I think all of that will grow. People are focused on the near term. It's a volatile market. There's more caution today. But the long-term trends, as I said, are very much intact, I think, particularly in the retail space.
William Katz: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Rufus Hone with BMO.
Rufus Hone: Hi. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about credit and insurance, maybe focusing in on origination. Can you talk about the build out of your origination capabilities? You've mentioned a few key areas already like asset backed, but is there also maybe a longer term margin expansion opportunity, assuming you've had to invest quite a significant amount to scale that front-end origination capacity so significantly? And if you could put some numbers around the size of your origination capacity, that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Jon Gray: The numbers, the total amount of credit origination across real estate, asset backed corporates. I don't know, Michael, do you have that number?
Michael Chae: The number on -- in terms of the -- our deployment numbers are more around the private strategies and our liquid credit strategies, in some cases, there are effectively trading strategies. The origination numbers are multiples of that.
Jon Gray: Yeah. And I would say overall, these are in the tens of billions of dollars in terms of the scale of this. We have made an enormous investment in people. I don't know to the specific numbers how much margin improvement. I think this is mostly about the growth in assets and fees overall. Like all our businesses, there tends to be a margin improvement over time. I mean, really, since we've gone public over the last 15 years, you've seen steady improvement in margin. I would expect in this area, you would see margin improvement over time. But we just see a lot of white space in this area. And once you have these engines of origination, once you have a large commercial real estate origination capability, a direct lending capability, once you're doing things in all sorts of these asset backed areas we talked about, then you can attract more assets. So I would just say overall, still early days in our mind.
Michael Chae: Yeah, Rufus, I'll just add, this is Michael. I guess three things are true. One is we entered this insurance dedicated insurance space a number of years ago with the advantage of having these platforms and direct origination for both corporate and real estate credit, very well developed and built out. So they were there to be leveraged with some but not an undue amount of incremental investment. Second thing is we have been investing. So beneath the surface of the margin we've been producing, we've been investing in this area generally, both in terms of sort of depth and breadth and then also in newer asset areas like asset backed finance. And then third, I would say, as we commented before, the sort of incremental margin profile of this insurance capital is very attractive.
Rufus Hone: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Arnaud Giblat with BNP.
Arnaud Giblat: Good morning. Thanks for the question. If I could come back to you to the private wealth space, a number of your competitors are entering or looking to enter the space there. I'm just wondering if you could touch a bit more on your competitive how you see the competitive situation evolve there. What's your competitive advantage maybe in light of the fact that today the private investors might be a bit less allocated, so maybe there might be less of a brand advantage? So I'm just wondering how you're thinking about really positioning and increasing your competitive moat there? Thank you.
Jon Gray: So it's no surprise when you have a big market and people see the opportunity that others move in and we expect to have more competitors. What I would say is we have a number of advantages. First, we've really been the first mover in the space. We built out our private wealth distribution team. Joan Solotar and her team have done a terrific job. We have hundreds of people on the ground around the world and that matters. And also what matters is we've built up relationships with financial advisors around the world, particularly here in the United States. They've been investing in a range of Blackstone products for a long period of time, both drawdown and semi-liquid products. And of course, most importantly, they've had good experiences and that really matters. And then I do think the brand makes a difference. When you go and you talk to a financial advisor or their end customer, the fact that they know who Blackstone is does make the likelihood of purchase much greater. And finally, what I'd say in this space unlike the institutional space where you can have thousands of private equity firms, you can't have large numbers of firms on these platforms. They're going to have a handful in private credit, private real estate, maybe in private equity. We think we'll have a slot in almost all of these places because of our brand, our reach, the track record. I think that's a very good spot to be in. We've invested here early. We think we're going to continue to build on what we've done. And if you ask financial advisors out there about Blackstone, I generally think you'll hear very positive things about the way we've done this. We brought fees down pretty dramatically when we entered the space because we were focused on net returns. We've added a whole new level of transparency and engagement in all of this. All this investment over a decade plus is going to pay big dividends over time.
Steve Schwarzman: One other thing. We've been doing this for like ten years, roughly. And when we started, hardly anybody in that channel knew what we were doing or what the program was. And so we started a series of in-person what we call BX universities, Blackstone universities. And we have had, I don't know the number, whether it's 10,000 or FAs who've been at the firm. And they usually come for a day and we introduce them to each of our different business areas. We teach them how alternatives work. Differences between that and other types of immediately liquid types of investments as well as why the returns are higher. And I can't overestimate for you of, how important this is, because when somebody comes and spends a day and sometimes it's more than a day and learn something from the ground up. They go back and they talk to people who work with them, people who are in the same office and they say, you should really be doing this. And that's sort of viral kind of internal marketing is pretty remarkable. And since we've been doing it, when no one was doing this, I mean, we were just alone. We have a group of people who really trust what we're doing and our fulfilment organization, which is different and service for customers of that type is totally unlike institutional type of support. And we built that over a very long period of time and no one else had that who competes with us. And so there is a -- when Jon mentioned the first mover advantage, it's really about people and reputation and knowledge and performance. And that type of thing really is quite enduring. So I leave you with that one.
Weston Tucker: Thank you, Arnaud. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, look forward to connecting after the call. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Investor Call. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to advise all parties that this conference is being recorded. And with that, let me hand it over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Weston, please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Perfect. Thanks, Matt, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's fourth quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; and Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to certain non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also, please note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $743 million. Distributable earnings were $1.3 billion or $1.07 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.91 per share, which will be paid to holders of record as of February 6. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, thank you, Weston, and good morning, and thanks, everybody, for joining the call. 2022 represented the most challenging market environment since the global financial crisis. Central banks around the world embarked on one of the most aggressive tightening cycles in history. Combat the highest inflation in a generation. In the United States, we saw the highest level of inflation since 1981. Federal funds rate here rose from basically zero at the start of the year to 4.5%, the largest increase in 50 years. Equity markets fell sharply as a result with the S&P down 18% for the year, NASDAQ down 33%, public REIT index, not to be forgotten, down 25%. The intra-year movements were even more extreme, these indices down 26% to 37% at their lows. In credit, the high-yield and high-grade indices declined 11% and 13%, respectively. Overall, the 60:40 portfolio at one of the worst years on record. And against this extremely unfavorable market backdrop, Blackstone delivered earnings and dividend growth for our shareholders. Distributable earnings, for example, rose 7% to $6.6 billion in 2022, while fee-related earnings increased 9% to $4.4 billion, a record year for the firm on both metrics, despite the collapse in equity and debt markets. The fourth quarter, although we had fewer realizations due to the environment, we generated strong DE of $1.3 billion, reflective of the firm's substantial earnings power, which has grown dramatically over the past several years. Most importantly, Blackstone distinguished itself compared to almost all diversified liquid securities managers by preserving our limited partner's capital. The year in which the typical investor lost somewhere between 15% and 25% of their money, our limited partner investors had a highly differentiated outcome. Our flagship strategies in real estate, private credit and secondary's appreciated 7% to 10%, while those losses were recurring elsewhere. Our Hedge Fund Solutions business achieved a gross composite return of 5% with positive returns every quarter of the year. Our corporate private equity, tactical opportunities and liquid credit strategies were down only modestly for the year between 1% and 3%. One of Blackstone's core principles since our founding in 1985 involves the preservation of capital as a necessary component of the investments we make. We assess investment opportunities rigorously always with a focus on not losing our clients' money. In addition, of course, we seek returns that significantly exceed public market benchmarks over time. This year, we are proud that we again executed on this foundational principle. Our approach to investing has enabled us to grow from having no assets in 1985, to becoming the largest alternative asset manager in the world today. As you would expect, our investors are rewarding us, including remarkable inflows of $226 billion just in 2022, which drove 11% growth in assets under management to a record $975 billion. Our inflows this year alone qualify as a top 10 alternative manager out of the over 10,000 alternative managers globally. But Blackstone and others started in the alternatives business, institutional investors provided almost all of the capital for investment. That business remains robust today as institutions are continuing to increase allocations. The vast $85 trillion private wealth channel, a new generation of investors is starting to experience the benefits of alternatives as well, a development led by Blackstone, where we have the largest market share. 20 years ago, we started raising money in this channel by offering access to the same high-quality products we offer to institutions. Over a decade ago, we built a dedicated private wealth team, which today comprises approximately 300 people globally, where we invested significantly to establish the leading sales and service organization in our sector, interfacing with the largest wealth distribution systems. Six years ago, we launched our first large-scale customized products for individual investors. These products were designed to provide attractive returns by investing in longer term assets and therefore, capture the premium for liquidity, which is the basis of much of our business. And we structured these products to provide liquidity over time, subject to limits as it is essential to match the time horizon of investments with the duration of capital. This is a foundational principle of portfolio construction. And these products have worked exactly as intended. Blackstone's largest product in the private wealth channel, BREIT, has delivered 12. 5% net returns annually since inception six years ago, for its largest share class, earning over three times the public REIT index. Been a lot of talk about public REITs. We've out-earned them by three times. In 2022, BREIT's net return was over 8%, while equity and debt markets were melting. And its growth in net operating income, 2022 was 65% higher and public REITs through the latest available public data, thats some performance. Blackstone's second largest product in this area of BCRED, has achieved 8% net returns annually, significantly outperforming the relevant credit indices and is yielding over 10% today, exclusively in floating rate debts. The response to our performance has been extremely positive. In 2022, our sales in the private wealth channel totaled a remarkable $48 billion, not exactly what you're hearing in the media. In the fourth quarter, despite market headwinds, our sales were robust $8 billion, including $4 billion in our perpetual vehicles and $4 billion in other strategies. On a net basis, after repurchases, we saw positive net inflows in this channel of $3 billion overall in the fourth quarter with strong demand for our drawdown products. Specifically, our perpetual strategies saw moderate net outflows in the quarter of approximately $800 million. As one would expect, flows in these strategies are impacted by market cycles. We believe we're seeing a temporary decline in an otherwise very positive long-term growth trajectory. Firstly, speaking, I've been in finance for over 50 years and I'm frankly quite surprised by the intense external focus on the flows for BREIT at a time of cyclical lows in stock and bond markets. For those of us that build and create businesses, what's going on is highly predictable. It should be expected that flows from high net worth individuals would decline to nearly all types of new investments in this environment. Having navigated five major market declines in my career, I've learned that focusing just on what's happening at the bottom of cycles. This leads the public regarding likely future trends for appreciation and growth in well constructed and historically high-performing products. My experience is these market bottoms often last for relatively short periods of time are followed by a resumption of historic trends. At Blackstone, we are focused on the long term, not next month. And rather than simply counting balls and strikes, we're working to win the World Series. And as we all know, not all World Series are won four games to 0, all people remember is who won the World Series, and that is our intention, and that has been our experience with the vast bulk of our products. Our funds are built on performance and our consistent experience over nearly four decades has been that with strong returns, flows will follow. The need for very high-quality products in the private wealth channel is very substantial, and we're bringing something highly differentiated in terms of our portfolio and performance. What we've created for individual investors is so good that one of the most sophisticated institutions in the world contacted us and indicated they wanted to invest as well. Earlier this month, the University of California system invested $4 billion in BREIT and is investing an additional $500 million beyond that, which we announced yesterday with an effective six-year hold. This investment builds upon a 15-year relationship between our firms. I had the pleasure of meeting with UC's Chief Investment Officer over the holiday period, and he said they consider BREIT has one of the best positioned real estate portfolios in the United States. This investment provides BREIT with substantial additional firepower and flexibility, and represents a powerful affirmation of the portfolio and its performance. It also illustrates the significant advantages of buying products from Blackstone. Investors and our funds get access to the full capabilities of our firm, not just those of an individual portfolio manager, including our intellectual capital, relationships, creativity and the many other benefits that come from our leading market position. We use these advantages to drive the best outcomes possible for our customers. Our distribution partners understand this as well, and they've told us they plan to continue to expand their client's access to alternatives. Blackstone's commitment to the private wealth channel is stronger than ever. And we believe our performance in this cycle will ultimately provide impetus for significant growth in this area. Our returns in the face of adverse markets and adverse media are proof of concept and our disciplined approach to institutional asset management applies for the benefit of individuals as well. In closing, as we move into 2023, Blackstone is uniquely positioned to navigate the challenges of today's world on behalf of all of our investors. As a whole, our portfolio is in excellent shape with an emphasis on downside protection, as well as upside when asset values ultimately recover from this cycle. With almost $187 billion of dry powder, we have more capital than almost any other financial investor in the world to buy assets opportunistically when values are low and liquidity is scarce. We have lived through many cycles and have always emerged stronger, growing the firm to greater heights. Public market and investors who don't understand our model historically, upon the risk missing out on Blackstone's substantial long-term stock performance. Our people own 36% of Blackstone's equity. I can tell you, this is a group that is extremely bullish on our firm's prospects. And with that, I'll turn things over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. The true measure of our success is the returns we generate for clients. Despite a very tough year for markets, we've continued to deliver for them. Nearly all our flagship strategies outperformed the relevant public indices in 2022, as Steve highlighted. The result of how we've positioned investor capital along with our value creation focus. We do not own the market. It matters where you invest. There is no better example of this than in real estate, where we've achieved 16% net returns annually in our global opportunistic funds across the many economic and interest rate cycles of the past 30 years. More recently, given our concerns around rising interest rates and inflation, we concentrated over 80% of our current real estate portfolio in sectors where strong cash flow growth could help offset these headwinds, including logistics, rental housing, life science office, hotels and data centers. Logistics is the largest exposure across Blackstone, comprising approximately 40% of the entire real estate portfolio. Fundamentals globally remain extraordinarily strong. In recent months, re-leasing spreads, the increase in rents as expiring leases roll over, were 65% in our US holdings, accelerating to a record 75% in December, approximately 50% in the UK and 30% in Europe overall; 20% in Australia and 100% in Canada. At the same time, construction starts for warehouses, along with most types of real estate are now falling sharply, which is further tightening and already constrained new supply pipeline. Of course, these exceptional fundamentals do not apply everywhere. In traditional US office, for example, secular challenges have been exacerbated in a post-pandemic world. We've written down the equity value of traditional US office assets dramatically since 2018. And fortunately, such assets represent only 2% of our global real estate portfolio versus approximately 50% 15 years ago. In private equity, our concentration in the travel and leisure, energy, and energy transition areas have had a meaningful impact on our results. We largely avoided unprofitable tech and did nothing in crypto. Our thematic approach has led to 14% year-over-year revenue growth in Q4 for our corporate private equity operating companies. Margins in our portfolio have proven to be resilient, reflective of our focus on high-quality businesses with pricing power. And in our non-insurance corporate credit business, with nearly $200 billion of total AUM. Over 90% of our investments are floating rate, which has benefited returns as rates moved higher. Finally, in BAM, we emphasize macro and quant strategies yielding outstanding results for our investors in liquid securities. The strength of our returns over decades, reinforces the Blackstone brand and allows us to serve investors in more areas. While the fundraising environment remains challenging, we are in a differentiated position with LPs globally. We're seeing the greatest demand today for private credit strategies, including from insurance clients and for infrastructure. In credit, the current environment is favorable for deployment given the significant increases in base rates and wider spreads. Moreover, our investors benefit from our direct origination capabilities, which is a key differentiator for insurance clients in particular. That's leading to robust growth in this area with $8 billion of inflows in Q4 from our large insurance mandates, bringing platform AUM to $160 billion and we have line of sight to over $250 billion over time from existing clients alone. This includes our resolution platform, where we recently announced an incremental $1 billion commitment from Nippon Life, Japan's leading life insurance company to help accelerate the company's growth. In infrastructure, we raised $3 billion in the fourth quarter and $10 billion in 2022, bringing AUM to $35 billion in just five years. Performance has been outstanding with 19% net returned annually since inception. Again, it's about where we chose to invest, including inflation protected areas like digital, transportation, and energy infrastructure. Turning to our drawdown fund business, we've raised approximately $100 billion to-date for the current vintage of flagships, advancing toward our $150 billion target. In corporate private equity, we've closed on over $15 billion for the new flagship and believe we will raise roughly a similar amount as the prior fund in a difficult private equity fundraising environment. In secondaries, we completed the fundraise for SP's flagship PE strategy at over $22 billion, the industry's largest, as well as SP's GP-led continuation fund at $2.7 billion. We also raised additional capital in Q4 for our renewables and energy transition-focused strategies in credit and private equity, targeting over $10 billion in aggregate. In real estate, we commenced fundraising for our latest debt vehicle, which we believe will be comparably sized to its $8 billion predecessor. And later this quarter, we expect to start raising our seventh European opportunistic strategy, targeting a similar size to the prior fund, which was 9.5 billion of third-party capital. As with fundraising, our global scale and our reputation as a partner of choice are key advantages in deploying capital, particularly when the world becomes challenging. Our largest commitment in Q4 was for a majority stake in Emerson Electric's Climate Technologies segment. This $14 billion corporate carve-out was the result of a year-long dialogue, completed at a time when traditional financing sources were largely unavailable. Emerson remains our partner in the investment. The ability to source, structure and finance such a complex transaction at scale in a difficult investment environment highlights the very best of Blackstone. Other investments in Q4 included CoreTrust in partnership with HCA, another bilateral discussion with a high-quality corporate and the privatization of Atlantia, one of the largest transportation infrastructure companies alongside the Benetton family. We're starting to see some interesting opportunities arise from the market dislocation, including from real estate funds seeking liquidity, leading to investments in logistics portfolios in Canada, the UK and Sweden, but it will take time for a volume of large-scale opportunities to emerge. Our latest fundraising cycle has positioned us very well with $187 billion of dry powder. In closing, we continue to see global LPs increase their allocation to alternatives and Blackstone is the leader in the space. For shareholders, our firm represents exceptional value. We've grown distributable earnings 20% annually for the past 10 years, more than double the rate of the market. We've done that while paying out nearly 100% of our earnings through dividends and buybacks. Moreover, the share count has barely grown over that decade, and we continue to operate with minimal net debt and no insurance liabilities. It is an extraordinary business model, and our brand and relationships with customers have never been stronger. With that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Firm's results reflect strong performance in difficult markets. Our business continues to demonstrate remarkable resilience and fundamental strength in terms of investment returns, inflows and earnings power. I'll first review financial results and then we'll discuss investment performance and key elements of the forward outlook. Starting with results. Despite the challenging backdrop, fee-related earnings, net realizations and distributable earnings, all saw a meaningful positive growth for the full year, with FRE and DE reaching record levels, as Steve highlighted. FRE increased 9% to $4.4 billion or $3.65 per share, powered by very strong growth in management fees and healthy margin expansion, notwithstanding a decline in fee-related performance revenues. Our expansive breadth of growth engines and the activation of new drawdown funds throughout the year, lifted base management fees 25% to a record $6 billion for the year and the 52nd straight quarter of year-over-year base management fee growth at Blackstone. At the same time, FRE margin expanded 75 basis points to 57.1%, the highest level ever for a calendar year, reflective of the firm's robust margin position and ability to manage costs with discipline in a difficult environment. Fee-related performance revenues were $1.4 billion for the year, driven by strong returns across our perpetual strategies, with contribution from 12 discrete vehicles. Looking forward, the setup for this high-quality revenue stream in 2023, and beyond is quite favorable, which I'll discuss further in a moment. Distributable earnings increased 7% in 2022 to $6.6 billion or $5.17 per common share, driven by the growth in FRE, along with a 4% increase in net realizations. The shape of the year was impacted by our realization activity, which, of course, is market dependent. We saw a record first half driven by certain large realizations of note, while the pace of sales slowed in the second half, reflecting overall market activity levels. FRE remained a balance to earnings throughout the year, 2022 comprising four of the firm's five best quarters for FRE in history. In the fourth quarter, FRE was $1.1 billion or $0.88 per share. The year-over-year comparison was affected by the change in the crystallization schedule for BREIT's fee-related performance revenues in 2022. Previously, each full year's revenues crystallized in the fourth quarter, which moved to a quarterly crystallization in the first quarter of 2022. Notably, excluding these revenues, the firm's FRE growth in the fourth quarter was positive 7%, more in line with the full year. Distributable earnings in the fourth quarter of 2022 were $1.3 billion or $1.07 per common share, down from the prior year record quarter. Stepping back, despite a muted backdrop for realizations for much of the year, our distributable earnings were above or well above $1 per share every quarter for the past six consecutive quarters, which had only previously occurred three times in our history. This reflects well the elevation of our earnings power that is underway. Turning to investment performance. Against the volatile market backdrop of 2022, our funds protected investor capital. In the fourth quarter, the corporate private equity funds appreciated 3.8% with strength in our travel-related and energy holdings along with our publics broadly. Our portfolio companies are well positioned overall with continued strong revenue growth and resilient margins. In real estate, the Core+ and opportunistic funds depreciated 1.5% to 2% in the quarter. In the context of rising cost of capital, we've continued to increase cap rate assumptions across the portfolio, driving the fourth quarter decline. Notwithstanding this impact, our real estate strategy still saw significant appreciation for the full year due to robust cash flow growth across our holdings. Of note, 10-year yields have moved meaningfully lower since year-end, which, if sustained, should provide additional valuation support over time. In credit, the private credit strategy is appreciated 2.4% and the liquid strategies appreciated 3%, reflective of a resilient portfolio, generating strong current income against a stable backdrop for credit generally in the quarter. And in BAAM, the BPS gross composite return was 2.1% in the quarter, the 11th quarter in a row of positive performance. Overall, our portfolios are performing well in a challenging external operating environment. Turning to the outlook. First, as it relates to realizations, we expect sales activity to remain muted in the near-term given market conditions. And as always, when markets ultimately stabilize, we would expect realizations to reaccelerate as well. With respect to FRE, we continue to expect a material step-up over the next several years, led by the combination of first, our drawdown fundraising cycle; second, expanding contribution from perpetual strategies; and third, the substantial largely contractual growth of our dedicated insurance platform. In terms of the drawdown funds, the fee holiday for our global real estate flagship has ended, and 2023 will include a nearly full year contribution of management fees. We expect to launch the investment period for the corporate PE flagship later this year, subject to deployment which will be followed by an effective four-month fee holiday. We will launch various other funds in the coming quarters depending on deployment. In total, only $56 billion of our $150 billion target was earning management fees as of year-end. Federal strategies continue to grow in number and scale with over 50 discrete vehicles today, a combined fee AUM of our four flagship strategies BPPE, BREIT, BIP, and BCRED, grew 30% in 2022 to $184 million. This sets a substantially higher baseline for fee revenues entering the year. In addition to NAV-based management fees, over 30 of the perpetual vehicles are eligible to generate fee-related performance revenues, and the firm will continue to benefit from the layering effect of these revenues. We previously noted that the BPP platform has four times more AUM subject to crystallization in 2023 and 2022 concentrated in the second half of the year. Finally, in insurance, we ended 2022 with over $100 billion of AUM from our four large clients, generating $450 million of management fee revenue for the year. As these mandates grow over time, both organically and by contract, we anticipate fee revenues just from these mandates will more than double to approximately $1 billion in four to five years, including strong double-digit growth this year. These revenues carry attractive incremental margins given our extensive existing capabilities. So, to summarize, with multiple embedded key drivers we have strong confidence in continued FRE expansion in 2023 and beyond. In closing, despite the uncertainties in today's world, we entered the new year from a position of fundamental strength. Our earnings power is elevated dramatically for the past several years. And looking forward, we have great confidence in the future. With that, we thank you for joining the call and we'd like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And the first question is coming from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning Steve, John. Hope everyone is doing well.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning. Thanks.
Craig Siegenthaler: So Infrastructure Partners is generating sizable inflows pretty much every quarter now, AUM is around $35 billion. What's been driving the improvement in fundraising momentum at Infra? Is it partly the inflation had qualities? Is it more contribution from the private wealth channel? And also, is PIF still matching every dollar of inflow? And I think that was up to $40 billion.
Jon Gray: So, Craig, I would say the key reason it's grown, echoing what Steve was saying in his remarks, is performance drives inflows. So, this vehicle, if you look in our filing, has delivered 19% net since inception five years ago, really remarkable for a fund that had a much lower targeted return, and so that's obviously attractive. I do think you hit on a key element, which is the inflation protected nature of hard assets, particularly in this portfolio. What it owns in transportation infrastructure, an area we went very long post pandemic, investing in Atlantia in Europe, the Autostrade in Europe, Signature Aviation here in the United States. That has been very positive for this fund, are pushing digital infrastructure, data centers and towers, where there's really strong underlying demand. And then energy and energy transition, of course, given what's going on. And so, it really has a really exceptional portfolio that investors find attractive in an inflationary environment. It's delivered very good performance. And in general, I would say our customers are under allocated to infrastructure and want to hold more here. And so, I think, it's one of the things that everybody has been so caught up on one product flows. Meanwhile, here's a product that didn't exist five years ago, has $35 billion of AUM, grew 53%, is delivering phenomenal performance, and I think we'll grow to be much, much larger than it is today. Specifically, you talked about private wealth. It's not really a product so far that we've tapped into the private wealth channel on. And then, as it relates to our partners at PIF, yes, they are still matching us up to a certain size under our agreement. We also in the number have some co-investments. So there's still some additional capital. But I would just say, the response from investors broadly here has been extraordinary. And what we've built from scratch, what Sean Klimczak, who runs that business has done, is truly exceptional, and we're really proud of this business and have a lot of optimism about the future.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Glenn Schorr with Evercore. Please, go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hello. Thanks very much.
Steve Schwarzman: Hello.
Glenn Schorr: So, I think, Steve put it well earlier when talking about its essential to match the duration of assets with the capital. And there's a perception or reality in some ways that the quarterly liquidity products don't do that. Now, they work and you're protecting shareholders. So I understand, they hit the bottom line. So my question is, we've been talking about for a while now and experiencing retail, the private wealth channel contributing 30% to 50% of flows for the company. So I'm curious how you evaluate the client experience, the client being the SA, the platform, the end client that's asking for money and has to wait. And so, the bigger picture question is, do you still have confidence in that 30% to 50%, do you need some reinnovation of product wrapper? I know, I asked something like that last quarter, but we have thee months more of conversations. So I'd love to get your mark-to-market on all of that. Thanks, so much.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Glenn. I think what's fascinating is, when we talk to our clients, their experience versus the media narrative. So what we've heard from our clients is, they're quite pleased. They're quite pleased that they invested in a product that has produced 3 times the rate of return as the public REIT market. So they look at what's happened here is positive. Our clients and financial advisers understand that this was a semi-liquid product, that the basic trade-off was to trade some liquidity here for higher returns and that there were always, from day one, six plus years ago, limitations on liquidity. Now, there may be a small subset who've expressed some unhappiness. But frankly, the vast, vast majority of our customers are quite happy. And so we think about this, like a great restaurant that serves food, the weather outside is bad and the markets are tough back to Steve's comments. There are not quite as many people showing up right now, but the food is still really good. And we think as the world reverts, as we work through the backlog of redemptions, we're going to continue  we will see flows return. And by the way, we saw in 2020 a cessation of flows. You can look at products like this over time. People are just taking a snapshot of today, and they're focused on the flows. What I find fascinating was yesterday, we posted our 8-K saying that, same-store estimated NOI for BREIT was 13% for the full year, which is extraordinary for a portfolio of this size. No one covers that. What they're focused on is what the flows are next week. To us, what matters is delivering customer. So I do believe, fundamentally, as we get through this challenging period, people will come back to these products. I think as you talk about liquidity, could there be tweaks to these different products over time on the liquidity features, BCRED, for instance, does quarterly versus monthly. We're not changing anything today, but certainly, people are going to look at these. But at the end of the day, the product has delivered as designed. It's delivered strong performance. It's delivered on the liquidity promises it had, the media has created a different narrative, but the customers are fundamentally happy. That's why I believe as the world normalizes, we will again begin to see flows.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Just more of a bigger picture question around growth and innovation. I guess, if we look at your growth in recent years, many of the products that are contributing today did not exist 5 or 10 years ago. So, if we look out over the next 5 to 10 years, can you talk about some of the white space that you see for innovation for new business opportunities, opportunities for new strategies and just the overall opportunity set for Blackstone to innovate from here? And ultimately, how different might the Blackstone of 2030 look versus today?
Jon Gray: So, I think there is still enormous opportunity in the alternative space. When you look at it aggregately, it's roughly $10 trillion industry. We're about 10% of the industry. That compares to stocks and bonds over $200 trillion. If you throw in commercial real estate, residential real estate, other things, you can get up to $300 trillion. So I think there's a lot of room to grow, Mike. And I think where the most growth will happen as you've seen, if you think about sort of investments as a pyramid. At the very top are the highest returning strategies there, we've obviously done a great job in private equity, real estate, private equity growth, life sciences, but what we're seeing is a lot of growth in strategies where the return profiles are not as high longer duration strategies. We think about private credit is a huge area of opportunity, because investors, be it insurance companies or individual investors or institutions realizing now that they can lend directly to borrowers with help from somebody like Blackstone. That is a very, very big market, and we today are still a very small percentage of that. Specifically, we've talked a lot about insurance, but an industry where people are really now focused on performance and the incremental return that comes from originating private credit, we have this unique platform today that enables us to serve now four major clients. I don't see any reason why that platform cannot continue to grow. And as we have more scale, we can generate even more favorable returns. Infrastructure, which we just touched on, I think, there's a global opportunity. We started initially in the US that can certainly be a bigger global opportunity. I would say Asia, which I'm going to in a couple of weeks, in real estate, in private equity across the board, I think that's an area where there's a lot of growth. And just credit and yield products generally are attractive for us. And the secondaries market, which you've seen, which benefits from the rise of the alternative space can grow. So when we look out across our business, we still see lots of engines of growth. Even core plus real estate, we're still a tiny fraction of that market. And so, what we have, which is a great sort of special sauce of the firm, these wonderful people, but these relationships we've built up. So if you look at what's happened with Cal Regents, $4.5 billion committed in a short period of time, the transaction we did with Nippon Life that I referenced. We have a number of big investors who are looking at $1 billion plus commitments to various vehicles and funds. We've just got a lot of goodwill. And the key for us is to find the right talent to pursue some of these strategies and then scale it up. So again, our optimism remains high. And what's interesting versus the last really sharp down cycle in 2008, 2009 is clients are actually talking about increasing their allocation to alternatives, something that's very different than the sentiment back then, because investors continue to see the differentiated performance.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next one is coming from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please, go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. And thanks for taking the question. Wanted to dig into BPP and the outlook for growth in this product. So maybe first, have you gotten a reaction to the arrangement you made with UC and BREIT from customers of BPP? Maybe second, even outside of Mileway and BioMed, growth has been very strong for BPP. How's the outlook for growth over the next few years changed as it seems like growth has stalled more recently there? And then lastly, do you see other Mileway and BioMed opportunities for adjacency growth in BPP? And what might the nature of those adjacencies look like?
Jon Gray: Thank you, Ken. A few things. We haven't really heard much from our clients in the institutional world around BPP, vis--vis BREIT and the Cal Regents investment. I think there's a different dynamic, given the different liquidity profile in BPP, where investors recognize you need new inflows in order to get redemptions done. In terms of the outlook, what tends to happen in these open-ended vehicles during periods of market dislocation is, you do see a deceleration of flows. People want to sort of wait and watch. Capital allocation is more constrained. And you will see, in this area, a slowdown. By the way, it's happened in the past in the early 2000s in open-ended institutional real estate funds. It's happened in the 2008, 2009 period. And then as you come out of this, clients want to get invested in the fact that these funds can deploy the capital quickly into existing portfolios is attractive. But I would guess, in the near term here, this area won't grow as quickly as other parts of the firm, like infrastructure we were talking about. In terms of large-scale recapitalizations, creating more perpetual vehicles, I think that's an opportunity over time. We do it on a very selective basis. We're focused on maximizing returns for our customers. We have a number of these mild way, BioMed, Logicor, which is another large logistics platform. We have some smaller vehicles. Interestingly, BPP at $73 billion is made up of more than 30 different entities. So there's a lot of diversity in the customer base and the asset class here  and it's an area that we think can grow quite significantly over time. But in the near term, I think the growth will be a little more muted.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Finian OShea with WFS.
Finian OShea: Hi, everyone. Good morning. On private credit. I appreciate the color you had earlier on the US direct lending potential via your insurance relationships. Of course, the BDC can continue to grow as well that complex. But beyond these, can you talk about the broader institutional efforts? And if you have an eye on expansion into, say a fund complex or an evergreen for that asset class?
Jon Gray: We think there's a lot of opportunity in both the US and Europe on direct lending with institutional clients. You rightfully pointed out obviously BCRED has been quite successful in that space, serving the individual investors. Some of this is in the insurance clients, but institutional clients see the same thing. If you look at a transaction we did in private equity, with Emerson, their climate technology business, we borrowed there about one-third loan to value and the spreads were 60-plus over. And if you think about where base rates are and upfront fees, that is a very attractive return. And so institutional clients, large pension funds and sovereign wealth funds are seeing this, we have a number of SMAs. It is an area that we would like to and plan to grow over time. And I think that will be another feature. I think that's why this sort of direct lending capability, which has multiple ways to access capital can grow to be much larger than it is today.
Finian OShea: Thank you.
Operator: And the next one is coming from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Just back on BREIT and BCRED. Just John, if you had a crystal ball, I guess, in the sort of near-term intermediate term on when you think the redemption requests might abate. And just in thinking about that, getting through the Asian investors, which, obviously, were a redeemer  heavier redeemers last year and then getting sort of burning through the  any of the folks that are not happier want to redeem and getting to those happy investors, so to speak. Just in terms of the redemption profile, when would you think you might burn through those requests and get to sort of more of a positive net positive profile. And if you can differentiate that with BCRED and then also just are there more potential institutional investor opportunities in BREIT like you see?
Jon Gray: Okay. A bunch of questions here. I guess I'd start by saying, we endured for a number of months of really negative press, as you know. And so, rebuilding momentum takes time. I think the good news is, if you talk with our distribution partners, financial advisers, underlying customers, the tone of those conversations has improved. There were a lot of concerns, many of which we saw as unfounded that needed to be addressed and the capital coming in from Cal Regents, $4 billion originally, another $500 million yesterday. It says a lot. It's a real affirmation. There's been a lot of discussion about that capital. But when you really look at what Cal Regents did, it was a subsidy we provided, Blackstone, not BREIT on the downside of about 4% annually. And so, unless BREIT performs for them, then they don't get the 11.25% that they're hoping to achieve. And that affirmation of the quality of the portfolio and the valuation of the portfolio was very important for outside investors and for our individual private wealth customers and their financial advisers. In terms of, would we do more of this? We've had some people reach out. There's a limit to the number of units we own. And we'll just wait and see, but we have had some folks reach out. We'll see what happens on that front. But we really like this transaction because, obviously, it gave a lot of valuable capital to BREIT. It gives -- from a Blackstone perspective, we think the product can really perform as we talked about previously. We just need to achieve an 8.7% return well below the product's historical returns in order to generate incremental gain. And then above 11.25%, we get even more in terms of incentive fee sharing. So we look at this as a transaction that makes a lot of sense for us, certainly very helpful for BREIT, particularly the duration of the capital, but we'll wait and see what happens in terms of more. On BCRED, and then I should answer, I guess, specifically on your question on timing, I'd say, the other positive sign out there, besides improved tone, is the majority of the redemptions we're seeing in January, it's still early, are coming from November and December unfulfilled requests. So that, to us, is encouraging. But because those are outstanding and because some investors now are making larger requests than they actually want to achieve, because they expect to be cut back, we expect here in January, we will see an uplift in redemptions. But then, to your point, we think over time, we'll be able to work down this backlog. Predicting the timing of that is not easy. I think, continued strong performance from us is obviously important, continued confidence from the investment community and rebuilding that momentum. So at this point, I wouldn't put a time line on it, but I would say I think the investment from Cal Regents was really important in terms of psychological confidence, but we're going to have to wait and see how this plays out. But we feel, what gives us our underlying confidence is what's happening in BREIT. The fact that, in November, rents in the portfolio were up 10%, the fact that the rents in place are 20% below market. And in our major sectors, rental housing and logistics in Q4, we saw almost a 30% decline in new permits or starts and now the 10-year treasury, which has been a real headwind on cap rates has come back down. So, that makes us feel better about the outlook. And that will be key, I think, to get more investors moving in our direction. On BCRED specifically, there we have continued to have positive net flows. The dynamic is a little different. There's less negativity around real estate. There's obviously the headwind on these vehicles -- Oh, sorry, less than around credit. Thank you for the correction. There's less pressure, negative press around the credit space there's a benefit from rising rates. And there, we -- again, we've positioned the portfolio 100% floating rate, 98% senior secured and the products yielding north of 10%, which should go higher as the Fed raises rates. So, I think the dynamic there is more positive. And again, I think performance will drive flows.
Brian Bedell: Thats super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey good morning everybody. Thanks for the question. I was hoping to zone in on your secondaries business. You guys raised the potential amount of capital for the latest fund. And it feels like there could be quite a bit of activity in the secondary space, given changes LPs are making and obviously, significant macro movements. So, as you think about velocity of capital in the secondaries business, both LP and GP-led transactions. How do you expect that to shake out? What does that mean for maybe additional product innovation and fundraising within the secondary franchise for Blackstone?
Jon Gray: Well, what anchors the secondaries business is that growth in alternatives we've talked about. We just continue to see that industry grow our industry grow it has been now for 30-plus years, and we don't see that slowing down. And of course, investors at times will want liquidity. Today, about 1% of the industry trades, that's why there tend to be sizable discounts when you're investing in secondaries. What we've seen growth and, of course, is in the private equity space, but we also have funds dedicated to real estate and infrastructure. And as you pointed out, GP continuation, which is very popular now where general partners like an asset or company they own, bring in outside investors, and may invest from their new funds as well. And that scenario that we think can grow quite a bit. So, it feels to us like this is a business that's sort of coming into its own that the industry can grow to be much larger than it is because of the need for liquidity and the growth in underlying alternatives. I do think the deal side will be a bit slow here as buyers and sellers have to find equilibrium. But I'm with you, Alex, that in the back half of the year, I would expect we'll see a big pickup in activity. And our scale is a real competitive advantage because we can -- we're investing in 4,000-plus funds across all the geographies all the segments, and that gives us the ability to be a one-stop shop for the customer. So, it's another area where there should be real growth over time. This has now grown to be nearly a $70 billion business. Though by itself, it would be quite large. It just happens to be inside the Blackstone.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies. Please go ahead
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Hoping you could just clarify some comments I believe I heard with respect to where you are on the sort of 12 to 18-month fundraising time horizon towards $150 billion. And specifically, what is sort of ahead of you where you see some of the larger sort of fundraising and what vehicles? What the sort of makeup of the remaining sort of target goal looks like? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Well, thanks. I'm not sure we put sort of specific times. What we really focus on is sort of the vintage of funds we're raising. And as we said and you pointed out, we had a $150 billion target that we've been talking about now for more than a year. The good news is we're at $100 billion, so we're two-thirds of the way through this. Obviously, large fundraises and secondarys, opportunistic global real estate, Asian real estate. We've made a lot of progress on our private equity fundraising. In the balance of the $50 billion, we're talking about raising a new BREIT 5 real estate debt fifth fund, which will be a meaningful chunk. We also said, we're going to kick off this quarter, our seventh European opportunistic real estate fund 9.5 billion of third-party capital last time, and we're going to target a similar size again. And then we have more to get raised in green energy, both credit and equity. We have some smaller DSP funds that are going to work their way through the system. And then we will launch at some point in 2023, the next vintage of our Life Science business. So we've got a bunch going out there. And the good news, I think, for us is we obviously are large in the US institutional community, but we're big in Canada. We're big in Europe, the Middle East, Asia. And as you know, we've got insurance clients, individual investors and obviously, our institutional clients. Interestingly, everybody is focused on the semi liquids. But if you looked in the fourth quarter, in the drawdown funds, we raised, I think, $3 billion roughly across breadth in BXG, our growth fund in some other areas from individual investors in our drawdown funds. And so that is just another tool we have in our toolkit to help us raise this capital. So we feel good about it, but I certainly would acknowledge it is a tougher environment than when we started.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is coming from Adam Beatty from UBS. Please go ahead.
Adam Beatty: Thank you, and good morning. Just a follow-up on BPP. You talked a little bit about kind of slowing new commitments in the near or medium term. Just wondering in terms of existing clients and redemption requests, if those are elevated at all, whether that might be driven maybe by liquidity as in the retail channel or just buy some other reallocation. Also on that, to the extent that redemption requests were to be elevated either now or in the future does that impact at all your ability to collect performance fees? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Yeah. So on BPP, as we talked about, it's $73 billion. It's made up of a lot of vehicles. The majority, I believe, of which are today not open on redemptions. We have in aggregate. I think the number is about 7% outstanding redemption requests across that entire platform. But importantly, as we talked about earlier, institutional investors understand that liquidity comes from new inflows. And that's very different than the expectations in the private wealth channel. And so I think that's why it's just a different dynamic. And the short answer is, yes, I talked about it earlier in this kind of environment for a variety of reasons we expect we'll see less in the way of flows in some of these vehicles. They're not all the same. There may be more interest, for instance, in Core+ Asia real estate than maybe other geographies or other sectors. But this is an area, as I said, I expect the growth, the net growth in the near-term will be far more muted. But because if you look at it aggregately, where we position the portfolio, we feel quite good. So if you look at this in BPP, we've got something like  I think we've delivered 11% net across this platform over time. When you look at life science office buildings, logistics, residential, that's something like 70% of that portfolio. And so I think that, again, will be the key determinant. But right now, there are some near-term headwinds in that space.
Adam Beatty: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, good morning everyone. Could you update us on how -- I know it's early, obviously, but how LP, like, institutional LP commitment discussions have evolved as we restarted the process in January. More specifically, any signs that the backup and PE fundraising is starting to clear? And then more broadly, could you frame any asset classes that you're seeing any meaningful shift in demand for positively or negatively?
Jon Gray: I would say this; the desire for our alternatives remains very strong. Here in the US, New York State, the legislature actually increased the allocation for the big three pension funds here by roughly one-third. You've heard some other CIOs publicly talk about wanting to increase allocation to alternatives I was in Europe a couple of weeks ago meeting with some large insurance companies and institutional investors. They wanted more in alternatives. There are some constraints today certainly related to over allocation in the PE area, specifically with US clients. There are some currency headwinds that's made it a little harder for overseas investors. And I would say there is a little bit of a shift. I think private credit is considered more attractive today. And so we see a lot of people moving in that direction. Infrastructure that we talked about earlier is considered quite attractive, secondary. And I would say opportunistic real estate, we've had a very good response both to our global fund, of course, and I expect we'll do fine with our European product as well. So I think these things tend to ebb and flow, but the overall path of travel is towards more alternatives, and that's obviously positive for the industry and positive for us.
Weston Tucker: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: The next one is coming from Ben Budish with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Budish: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the FRE margin profile. You beat the consensus expectations up pretty nicely in the quarter. Just thinking about in fiscal 2023 and over the next few years, you've kind of indicated a sizable step-up in FRE. You indicated very high turns business to scale. Just wondering, if you could share your thoughts around FRE margin expectation for fiscal 2023 and how it should grow over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Michael Chae: Sure, Ben. I mean, I think look, the big pick -- as you know, we don't give spot guidance on every margin targets in the short-term. But our track record over time of sustained expansion, I think, is obviously evident. And I think in general, substantively, we do feel like we have a high degree of control and an appropriate level of discipline with respect to our cost structure. I would just say in terms of the near-term outlook, we remain confident in margin stability over the next year and also for the potential for continued expansion over time. In OpEx, I would kind of highlight, you did see we talked a lot sort in the course of 2022 about the resumption of T&E and sort of the difficult comparisons. And you did see a flattening of that year-over-year growth rate in other OpEx in the second half of the year. And so what I would say is in 2023, especially I think in sort of the last three quarters of the year, that year-over-year comparison will be even easier. So I would just say, in general, without giving specific targets, we feel good about margin stability and the possibility and potential for continued expansion over time without putting an exact time frame.
Ben Budish: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brian McKenna with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Brian McKenna: Thanks. Good morning everyone. So you're clearly in a great position to deploy capital into the dislocation across markets with $187 billion of dry powder. A lot of this capital sits within your traditional drawdown funds and strategies. So how should we think about deployment activity moving forward for some of your retail products?
Jon Gray : Well, for the retail products, I think this is one of the reasons why getting this large slug of institutional capital was helpful. It gives us the potential to start doing that. Obviously, the activity levels, though overall will be related to flows. There's a correlation, of course, if we get new flows, net flows into BREIT and BCRED. And we think it is a good time, because you can buy assets, in some cases, at attractive prices because of the dislocation. So I think that's how we see the world today, and that's why over time, as we think capital comes back here, that will allow us in these private wealth channels to deploy more capital, that would be a very favorable thing.
Brian McKenna: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. So let me hand it back over to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker : Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2022 Investor Call hosted by Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. My name is Ben, and I'm your Event Manager. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to advise all parties that this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to hand it over to your host. Weston, the floor is yours.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Ben, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Blackstone's third quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also, please note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $4 million. Distributable earnings were $1.4 billion or $1.06 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.90 per common share, which will be paid to holders of record as of October 31st. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you, Weston. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. The third quarter of 2022 was a continuation of one of the most difficult periods for markets in decades. Global markets extended the dramatic sell-off to characterize the first half of the year. The S&P 500 falling another 5%, bringing the year-to-date decline to 24%. The public REIT index was down 10% in just a quarter and 28% year-to-date. The NASDAQ fell 32% year-to-date. And in debt markets, high-grade and high-yield bonds declined 14% to 15% in the first nine months of the year. Our inflation, rising interest rates and a slowing economy, combined with ongoing geopolitical turmoil, have created an extremely difficult environment for investors to navigate. The traditional 60:40 portfolio is down over 20% year-to-date, its worst performance in nearly 50 years and sentiment in almost all areas is likely to remain negative, given the Fed's commitment to continue increasing interest rates to combat inflation. Against this highly challenging backdrop, Blackstone delivered excellent results for our shareholders. Fee-related earnings for the third quarter rose 51% year-over-year to $1.2 billion, representing our second best quarter on record. We generated strong distributable earnings of $1.4 billion, or $1.06 a share, as Weston noted. While most money managers focusing on liquid markets have seen declining AUM, we've continued to grow. Our assets under management increased 30% year-over-year to a record $951 billion, with strong demand for our products across the institutional private wealth and insurance channels. Just last week, we announced our fourth major partnership in the insurance space with Resolution Life, a leading life and annuity block consolidator, which we expect to comprise approximately $25 billion of AUM in the first year and over $60 billion over time as their platform grows. Key to Blackstone success with our customers is that we have protected their capital through these remarkable market declines. One of our core principles, since we founded the firm in 1985, is to avoid losing our clients' money, and we've done an excellent job of that. As the largest and most diverse alternatives firm in the world, we have unique access to data and insights on what is happening in the global economy, allowing us to anticipate trends and we believe, minimize risk. We then carefully choose sectors and which type of assets to buy and actively work to build great companies and platforms. We use this advantage as well to help determine areas of focus in the liquid securities area. This synergistic approach has led to distinctly strong positioning across our business today. For example, in real estate, approximately 80% of our portfolio is in sectors where rents are growing above the rate of inflation, including logistics, rental housing, life science office and hotels. In corporate private equity, our emphasis on faster-growing companies has resulted in a 17% year-over-year revenue growth in our operating companies in the third quarter, led by our travel leisure-related holdings. At 17% growth in revenue, as the economy is slowing all over the world. This is a stunning result, given the size of our portfolio which, in total, across our private equity business employs approximately 500,000 people. In corporate and real estate credit, we benefit from close to 100% floating rate exposure and we're experiencing negligible defaults. And our hedge fund solutions business is performing remarkably well with the BPS composite achieving positive returns in the third quarter and every quarter so far in 2022. This is a highly differentiated outcome in liquid securities compared to the year-to-date decline of 24% in the S&P. Blackstone's long history of outperformance and capital protection is, of course, critically important to our LPs and their constituents. They have found it difficult to achieve their objectives by investing in traditional asset classes alone. That's why LPs around the world are choosing to increase allocations to alternatives, in particular, to Blackstone. Recent research from Morgan Stanley estimates that private markets AUM will grow 12% annually over the next five years. We shared growth in areas such as infrastructure, real estate and private credit as investors seek yield and inflation protection. All areas of distinctive competence here at Blackstone. From a channel perspective, Morgan Stanley predicts the greatest growth among individual investors, with allocations to alternatives from high net worth investors more than doubling in five years to 8% to 10% of their portfolios. This represents a major paradigm change when we identified over a decade ago and trillions of dollars of opportunity which Jon will discuss in more detail. Blackstone is the clear leader in this channel with the largest market share among alternative managers. Blackstone occupies a special status with customers and potential customers around the world. They are facing significant uncertainties today and are looking to us to help them navigate these challenges. And we believe we are uniquely positioned to do so. We are proud of the trust that they place in us and we remain steadfast in our mission to serve them. In closing, our firm has prospered across the many cycles of the past 37 years since we started. We had no assets then. And today, we're closing in on $1 trillion of AUM. Historically, we've taken advantage of the pullbacks to deploy significant capital at attractive prices, extend our leadership position across business lines and invest in new initiatives as well as in our people. For our shareholders, this has translated into extraordinary growth, and we have no intention of slowing down. We are in the early innings of penetrating new channels and markets with enormous potential. The firm's earnings power continues to expand, concentrated in the highest quality earnings. Even though the investment climate is challenging, we have the confidence, the resources and the loyalty of our customers and our people. We continue to develop our franchise for the benefit of all of our constituencies. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Our business is all about delivering for our customers in rain or shine and the third quarter was no exception. Our investment performance again demonstrated the durability of our model along with the benefits of our thematic investing, as Steve highlighted. Meanwhile, the firm's strong results have allowed us to continue expanding who we serve and where we can invest even in the most difficult of times. I'll update you on the multiple avenues of growth we have in front of us. Starting with our drawdown fund business, with the support of our LPs, we are progressing toward our $150 billion target with more than half achieved at this point. We've largely completed the fundraise for two of our three largest flagships, global real estate and private equity secondaries and have launched their respective investment periods. Our corporate private equity flagship has raised $14 billion to-date, and we expect it to be at least as large as the prior fund. In credit, we've closed on $4 billion for a new strategy focused on renewables and the energy transition and expect to reach our target of $6 billion to $7 billion in the coming quarters. We believe the largest private credit vehicle of its kind. This is an area where we see tremendous secular tailwinds and where we reported additional inflows in the quarter in growth equity, tactical opportunities and private equity energy. While the market environment will remain a headwind for the industry overall, we are in a differentiated position given the diversity of our platform, global reach and the power of our brand. Turning to Private Wealth. One of the long-term mega trends transforming the market landscape is that individual investors are finally getting access to alternatives in a form and structure that works for them. This development has been led by Blackstone and our distribution partners and the response has been powerful. We now manage 236 billion of Private Wealth AUM up 43% in the past 12 months alone. In the third quarter, sales in this channel totaled $8 billion, including $6.6 billion for our perpetual vehicles. We do also offer limited repurchases in the perpetuals, which totaled $3.7 billion. As we discussed last quarter, stock market volatility meaningfully impacts net flows in these vehicles. That said, this is a vast and under penetrated market and our products have outstanding performance and positioning. BREIT net returns since inception six years ago is 13% per year or 4x the public REIT index. Nearly 80% of BREITs portfolio is comprised of logistics and rental housing, some of the best performing sectors with short duration leases and rents outpacing inflation. BCRED has generated an 8% annual net return since inception and with a floating rate portfolio returns benefit as interest rates move higher. Looking forward, we plan to launch more products in this channel, deep in penetration with existing partners and add new relationships around the world. Moving to our Institutional Perpetual business, which is over $100 billion across 42 vehicles, up 37% year-over-year, including our institutional real estate Core+ platform and infrastructure. Our Infrastructure business nearly doubled year-over-year to $31 billion on the back of excellent performance. Both platforms continue to benefit from their focus on hard assets in great sectors with strong fundamentals helping drive positive appreciation in the quarter and year to date. Turning to insurance. Our AUM has doubled in the past 12 months to over $150 billion. Weve now added a fourth large scale mandate with Resolution Life, as Steve noted, which is one of the leading closed block consolidators servicing the multi-trillion dollar life and annuity market on a global basis. This is another example of our strategy to serve as an investment manager for multiple insurance clients without becoming an insurance company ourselves or taking on liabilities. Over time, we expect more than $250 billion of AUM from existing clients alone, several of which have an added tailwind from greatly accelerated annuity sales. Our deep investment expertise and capabilities in private credit in particular uniquely position us to serve insurance clients. Stepping back, private credit represents another long-term mega trend in the alternative sector. We can leverage our expansive platform to directly originate yield oriented investment products for our clients, including insurance companies as well as institutional and individual investors. And we see a particularly favorable environment for deployment today as base rates have increased significantly and spreads have widened, all while traditional sources of financing have pulled back. With over $320 billion of AUM across our credit and real estate credit businesses, weve built one of the largest platforms in our industry, but still comprise a tiny fraction of these markets overall. We are quite excited about the long-term potential. Taking together our diverse range of growth engines drove total inflows of $45 billion in the third quarter and a record $183 billion year to date. A period in which markets experienced some of the worst declines on record, as Steve discussed. These results more than anything speak to the strength of our brand and the trusts our clients place in us. And with a record $182 billion of dry powder capital, we have the ability to take advantage of dislocations. In closing, despite the many challenges of todays investment environment, we are well positioned to navigate the road ahead. I could not have more confidence in our firm and our people. For our shareholders, we continue to achieve significant growth, while remaining true to our capital light model, allowing us to return 100% of earnings over the past five years through dividends and share buybacks. We are totally focused on delivering for all of our stakeholders. And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. The firms third quarter results highlighted business model designed to provide resiliency in difficult markets. At the same time, we are advancing through the largest fundraising cycle in our history, which coupled with our expanding platform, Perpetual Capital Strategies is setting the foundation for a material step up in FRE. Ill discuss each of these areas in more detail. Starting with results. One of the best illustrations of the durability of our financial model is the continued powerful trajectory of fee-related earnings. In the third quarter, FRE increased 51% year-over-year to $1.2 billion or $0.98 per share, powered by 42% growth in fee revenues, along with significant margin expansion. With respect to revenues. The firms expansive breadth of growth engines lifted management fees to a record $1.6 billion, up 22% year-over-year, and 4% sequentially from quarter two. At the same time, the continued scaling of our perpetual strategies combined with strong investment performance across those strategies led to $372 million of fee-related performance revenues. With respect to margins. FRE margin for the nine months year-to-date period, expanded nearly 100 basis points from the prior year comparable period to 56.5% and is tracking above our previous expectation. We now expect full year 2022 margin to be in this same 56% area in line with 2021. Distributable earnings were $1.4 billion in the third quarter, underpinned by the robust momentum in FRE. Net realizations declined year-over-year as the market environment unit activity levels as expected. While the backdrop for exits is likely to remain less favorable in the near term. One of the key attributes of our model is that we can focus on executing our operating plans and creating value for the long-term patiently waiting to identify the optimal opportunities for modernization. In the meantime, the firms performance revenue potential continues to build. Performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground grew 26% year-over-year to a record $494 billion. Net accrued performance revenues on the balance sheet stand at $7.1 billion or nearly $6 per share, down over the past few quarters, primarily due to record realization activity, but still double its level of two years ago. Moving to investment performance. As Steve noted against the backdrop of continued pressure in global equity and credit markets, our funds protected investor capital, Core+ real estate, credit and BAM appreciated 1% to 3% in the quarter. In corporate private equity and opportunistic real estate, values were largely stable, and tac op saw modest depreciation of approximately 2%. These returns included the negative impact of currency translation for our non-U.S. holdings related to the stronger U.S. dollar. Few additional observations on our returns. First, in private equity, our portfolio companies historically have been held at a meaningful discount to public comps in terms of valuation multiples, which continues to be true today. In alignment with that in terms of outcomes, exits have occurred at a significant premium compared to unaffected carrying values. Second, in real estate, in the context of rising interest rates, weve materially increased cap rate assumptions across the portfolio. Notwithstanding this impact, our real estate strategies has still seen strong appreciation year-to-date as cash flow growth and dividends have more than offset the impact of wider cap rates. Turning to the outlook, which is characterized by the firms continuing progression toward higher and more recurring earnings. As we highlighted last quarter, we expect the combination of our drawdown fundraising cycle along with the growing contribution for perpetual strategies, the lead to a structural step up in FRE over the next several years. In terms of the drawdown funds, we launched the investment period for the global real estate flagship in August with an effective four-month fee holiday for first closers. We will launch other funds over time depending on deployment. With respect to perpetual strategies, we previously discussed the layering effective fee-related performance revenues, and noted that BPP in particular has four times more AUM, subject to crystallization in 2023 than in 2022. At the same time, the private wealth perpetual vehicles have continued to compound in value with fee earning AUM increasing $27 billion since the start of this year and $94 billion in total, setting a higher baseline for fee revenues going forward. As Jon described, these vehicles remain exceptionally well positioned, and for BCRED specifically, its worth highlighting that the driver of fee-related performance revenues is investment income, borrowers paying interest which has a high degree of visibility. Overall, the dual catalyst of our drawdown fundraising cycle and the ongoing perpetualization of our business give us confidence in the multi-year outlook for FRE. One final item of note. Last month, our insurance client Corebridge successfully completed its IPO, despite the extremely difficult capital markets backdrop. This represented an important milestone in their evolution as a standalone public company. Blackstone was not a seller in the offering, nor was Corebridge, and we are committed to being shareholders for years to come. We have a very positive view on the value of the company, including the expected benefits from increasing base rates and widening spreads. Weve been pleased with the success of our partnership to date and look forward to continuing to deliver for them as their exclusive investment manager for key asset classes. In closing, the firm is in an excellent position saying our all-weather model for protects us in times of stress and provides a powerful foundation for future growth. We have great confidence in what the firm will achieve in the years ahead. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And with that, I would like to proceed to our first question, which is coming from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. Craig, please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, Steve, Jon, hope everyones doing well.
Steve Schwarzman: Morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: My question is on fundraising. Theres been multiple headwinds this year with the crowded private equity backdrop denominator effect, and it seems some weakness with U.S. pension plans, although probably more strength from sovereign wealth funds. But we havent seen this really impact Blackstones results yet with strong fundraising again last quarter. Can you provide us an update on the fundraising front and Blackstones overall ability to grow organically if the bear market extends into next year?
Steve Schwarzman: So, Craig, I think its worth starting with our quarter and first nine months. I mean, the fact that we raised $45 billion in the quarter, $183 billion in the first nine months, which is 60% higher than our previous best in an environment when equities were down 25% and bonds down 15% is pretty remarkable. And I think what it reflects, of course, is our long-term track record delivering for customers, the power of our brand, the breadth of what were doing today, obviously, the expansion into these new areas in insurance, in Core+ real estate, indirect lending, alternative fixed income, and then continuing to grow our traditional drawdown business as well where we move into new spaces like life sciences and growth equity continue to grow our original businesses. And so what you see is sort of a growing platform built on the backbone of successful performance and then exploiting all these new channels. And then geographically, I think unlike some other managers, weve got the benefit of raising money in the U.S., but also around the world and other regions that are not as capital constrained. And all of that has led to our strong performance. To your specific question, I would acknowledge its harder out there. Investors are more capital constrained. I think it will be tougher for many groups to raise capital and that will be until markets get better, a bit tougher. But I would say overall, when you talk to our customers, you dont hear a lot saying they want to reduce their allocation to alternatives. Theyve got a favorable view. Its been their best performing area. They may be a bit constrained by the denominator effect today, but they want to continue at this. And then for us, weve got this differentiated spot, so tougher, but we feel very good about where we sit.
Michael Chae: I just add that starting from our  Steve, from our first fund in 1987, we made a very significant component of non-U.S. investors. And I think at a time when the U.S. is less favorable, because the factors you mentioned in the pension funds, the fact that we are so global for so long those type of relationships tend to be enduring and personal because people are coming from foreign countries and foreign cultures, and when they decide that they want to trust you make significant commitments and then you deliver time after time after time. Theres a certain bond that you have. And the flows, as Jon mentioned, have been more directed outside the United States. And that gives us just a terrific balance of where we can go to raise money.
Weston Tucker: Thank you. And then, before we move on to the next question, if I could just clarify the operators instructions. We have a long queue and I would want to make sure we get to everyone. So if we could limit the first to one question, if you have a follow up question, please come back into the queue. I just want to make sure we get to everyone this morning.
Operator: Perfect, thank you. Our next question is coming from Ben Budish from Barclays. Please proceed.
Ben Budish: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask about kind of your outlook for the underlying portfolio companies. Jon, I know you gave some commentary this morning that theres a little bit more caution and you guys kind of mentioned in the prepared remarks that theres a bit of a skew towards travel and leisure which are a bit more discretionary. So can you maybe comment on, how you see performance there over the next six to 12 months?
Jon Gray: So as I said, whats remarkable is the U.S. economy in particular has been very strong. Europe has held up better than people expected. Places like India are strong. As a data point here, the fact that we saw 17% revenue growth in our private equity portfolio says something I think pretty profound that theres still a lot of strength and it also reflects that sector selection. So the fact that weve done so much in private equity, in travel, leisure bodes well for us. Our energy infrastructure, energy transition assets are all doing quite well. I think where we positioned ourselves has helped us and its similar for us in the real estate market, as Michael commented on the positioning in such a big way in logistics and then rental housing, hotels, all areas with strong growth. Overall, back to your comment, we do think well see a slowdown here. Its just inevitable. When you take the cost of capital from 0% to 4% and debt capital widens even more with spreads widening. People start to think about de-leveraging, paying down their debt. Theyre less focused on expansion. Theres more caution, and thats going to lead to a slowing that will happen over time. And thats what were anticipating and thats what were telling our companies. So I think thats something that all companies need to think about in terms of how severe it is. I think its hard to say. What I would comment on is were in a much better spot as a global economy than we were back in 2008, 2009. We dont have the same kind of over leverage we had back then in housing, in commercial real estate, in banking institutions. So that makes you feel better, but theres no question there is a slowing coming here. We should anticipate that and obviously, the stock market has been thinking about that.
Ben Budish: Okay, great. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Operator: The following question comes from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Michael, please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to ask about the UK and Europe. Weve seen some very sharp moves and currency and interest rates there. So just curious how you see the opportunities set there evolving for putting capital to work. Its now the time for buying trophy properties or companies in the UK or Europe, and also seen some funds that implement LDI strategies become for sellers of assets. So just curious what youre seeing on that front and what sort of opportunities that might offer for you? Thank you.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Michael. Obviously, the UK and Europe face some real challenges in the near term. There is the inflation challenge driven by their energy challenges, which are much more pronounced than what we have in the United States. Their central banks need to raise rates in order to maintain their currencies and not have further inflation. In addition, as they raise rates, their housing markets, many of them tend to have floating rate mortgages versus our 30-year fixed rate model, which puts additional pressure on the European economies. I would say to date, things have held up better and our companies have performed better than you would expect. Companies are adapting to the higher energy prices and their usage and efficiency, but it is going to be a challenging period. I think as investors, what you have to overlay against that is just how much the currencies have moved and how much the valuations have moved down. Youve seen currency movements here of nearly 20% in Europe and the UK and you look at the UK in particular, the stock market, theres trading it below nine times earnings. So we look at that and say, wow, these are interesting places. A bunch of the thematic trends we like could be around travel, could be around technology, infrastructure logistics. Theres still attractive assets in continental Europe and the UK and yet prices and investor enthusiasms gone down. And so to us, that makes for an attractive entry point. Sometimes it takes time for these things to manifest themselves, but we think well be busy in Europe over the next few years. I would say on the LDI question in particular there was some selling, as you know, of CLO paper. We like others participated in that. It seems to have abated at this point, but I wouldnt be surprised as rates move up that there arent other four sellers as pressure grows in the system. And then back to our model, $182 billion of dry powder, the ability to make decisions really quickly to move quickly when there are periods of dislocation. It happened back in Brexit, it happened back in 2008, 2009. We try to take the opportunity to deploy capital on behalf of our investors. So I think you have to be cognizant of the economic challenges in Europe, but open minded to the opportunities given the repricing thats underway there.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The following question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Maybe just wanted to touch on the energy transition, Jon, that you mentioned, the successful raising of the private credit green energy strategy. I guess maybe talk a little bit about that strategy in general in terms of that investment opportunity set? And then are you seeing demand come more from retail in this product or is this really more traditional? And I know you bake any ESG considerations across the investment processes across all investments, but what is the desire to expand a more dedicated impact energy transition platform across all the verticals?
Jon Gray: Thank you, Brian. What I would say this area is about for us is providing credit to this enormous energy transition that is underway. So if you think about the trillions of dollars that need to be spent to move us from 85% dependency in the U.S. a little bit lower in Europe on hydrocarbons to a lower number, its going to require a lot of equity. Its going to require a lot of debt. To us the most form of financing is not necessarily financing finished projects, which liquid investors will pay, will accept very low for in order to hit their net zero targets. We think if you back developers as weve been doing successfully of projects, if you lend to some of the service providers in the space. If you lend to consumers, weve been a very active in providing financing since in the solar market to consumers. We think this is a good way to go because there's an enormous need for capital and so we're excited about  we're also excited about our energy equity area as well for similar reasons because of the need for capital. And in our infrastructure, we've been doing a lot. We made a large investment we talked about six months ago in Invenergy, which is the largest builder of solar and wind projects in the United States. I would say, as it relates to ESG overall, the driver for us is being a fiduciary and deliver to our customers. They're focused on this area. We also see a big opportunity set because of the need for both debt and equity capital. We think we're building new platform and ecosystem. We said publicly we want to invest $100 billion in this area across our various platforms over the next decade. I think we can do that and generate favorable returns. So I'd say it's an exciting area that is still in the early days of its expansion.
Brian Bedell: And I'll get back in the queue for another question. Thanks.
Operator: Moving to our next question from Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Alexander, please proceed.
Alexander Blostein: Hi, good morning. Thanks everybody. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping we could spend a couple of minutes on real estate, lots of concern in the public market seeing where those shares are trading for public REITs. Jon, you've been very clear in terms of how Blackstone portfolio is different and differentiate yourself staying short duration and leading into areas of secular growth. I'm curious from a fundraising perspective, how are institutional real estate today in the context of kind of private markets allocation broadly, with rates, I guess, where they are today, why is real estate still an interesting place to particularly around core products. And as you think about the forward growth for Blackstone and real estate outside of the opportunistic funds, how are you envision those driving call it, 18 to 24 months?
Jon Gray: Thanks, Alex. I guess I'd step back and say the reason my hard assets are interesting in an environment like this is because the replacement cost goes up pretty significantly. In inflationary environment, the cost to build the labor cost, which is a big component has gone up and probably the largest input cost of money goes up significantly. And the yield on cost that you need to build a new project goes up. So I was talking to a major apartment developer who builds 15,000 units he has under construction today. He said next to cut his budget to 4,000 units, a 75% decline in terms of his new construction. So what you see happen in an environment like this is you start to see a reduction in new supply, which is obviously helpful in the long-term and these hard assets are beneficial because they don't have much exposure to input costs, and there's going to be a few of them, as I said, built. So that argument for investing into hard assets. The challenge, of course, is in a rising rate environment, if you own a hard asset feels like a bond, or worse an older office building, then I think you're going to see a challenge to value because the income is not growing much and rates have gone up. On the other hand, if you're in rental housing and you have pricing power or logistics, where we're still seeing in the U.S., 30% increases in rents. In Europe, nearly 20% increases in rents, the duration of [indiscernible]. Even as the cap rates go up, you can still see value appreciation, albeit at a lower rate. So as it relates to institutions, yes, they become more cautious in this environment, so they don't allocate quite as much. They pause, we've seen this before, but as you get to the other side of this, healthy real estate fundamentals. And by the way, unlike almost every other down cycle, what we have going into this, particularly logistics and rental housing is low rates of vacancy and limited new supply and a lot less leverage. So we go into this in a better way. And then as a result, we start to see this sharp decline in new supply, it should be even better coming out. So I think long-term assets real estate, which is obviously a big area of focus for us, it is a really good area to be in. And then I would just say, obviously, we have  we're  our scale is larger than anyone else in the world. We see more on the ground than anybody. We have access to capital, both debt and equity. So it's an area we continue to have a lot of confidence in even if there are some near-term headwinds.
Alexander Blostein: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: The following question comes from Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies. Gerry, please go ahead.
Gerry OHara: Great. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. Just maybe sticking with the rate environment a little bit and picking up on some questions or on a comment Steve made earlier. But can you kind of talk broadly a little bit about how the rising rate environment could potential put pressure on the LP dynamics from, I mean, from an LP and I am thinking about kind of getting more attractive rate exposure from fixed income and relative to less liquid private markets, just kind of would be curious to get some color on how that dynamic might play out going forward.
Jon Gray: Well, it does, I think, impact some investors. Fixed income starts to look more attractive. But if you think about our clients and their long-term obligations, the rates they want to produce are generally above investment grade fixed income. And so I don't think they can move their portfolios out of alternatives in a meaningful way. It has been their best performing sector. And if anything, what they may say is, you know what, I'm really interested in private credit because I get the benefit of short duration income as the Fed raises rates. So Blackstone, I'm interested in doing that. That's attractive. I'm interested potentially in infrastructure because it's got inflation hedges and income streams that are often tied to CPI or RPI in Europe. And so I'm interested in that. We haven't really seen a movement out of the complex. We still see people interested in the sector. The composition of where they allocate could change. But the other thing I'd say about our investors is they've been at this a long time, the institutional ones in particular, and they don't want to just be procyclical. So they know that to leave growth equity after the tech market sold off in a big way doesn't make a ton of sense, the same thing in private equity. And if you went back to the early 2000s, you went back to 2008, 2009, leaving these sectors and time prices go down is not the best decision. So I'd say they take a longer-term view. They're sticking with what they've done. They may reallocate a little bit. I think private credit will be a beneficiary, and that's something obviously we do in scale. But I don't see any sort of large-scale movement away from this very attractive asset class.
Gerry OHara: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Katz from Credit Suisse. Bill, please proceed.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much and good morning everyone. Thank you for taking the question. Maybe one for Michael and mix up a little bit. Just want to unpack your discussion on the FRE margin at 56.5%, which sounds like a bit of a pickup in guidance. Can we unpack that a little bit just between how you sort of see the FRE dynamics if you were to strip out the performance fee-related contribution? And maybe if you could, comment on just sort of the base payout rate, the comp payout rate. This quarter looked like it was particularly low ex performance fees and how you sort of see the two payout ratios into the new year? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Sure, Bill. Look, I think, as you know, we always encourage folks to look at margins over longer time frames, not just a single quarter, given interior movements and puts and takes in any period. And so as I said and framed on the  in my remarks, on a nine month year-to-date basis, margin is up 100 basis points. And in terms of the key drivers, which is getting at your question on the expense side, just to unpack it, with respect to compensation expense, similarly, looking at that on a year-to-date basis, our comp ratio is stable. It's right in line with the year ago, maybe within 30 basis points. And then in terms of OpEx, non-comp operating expense, it actually declined quarter-over-quarter about 6% driven by a range of factors. T&E, which we talked about in the past couple of quarters, is still higher than a year ago, but it's actually down quarter-over-quarter and other factors. So overall, I think what this reflects is few things very strong year-over-year and good quarter-over-quarter top line growth, obviously. Combined with a disciplined approach to cost management, we feel very comfortable in our ability to control and carefully manage costs in our business, all within the context of continuing to invest in our people and infrastructure to support growth. So the result of all of this, we think continues to be a very stable and healthy in the margin picture.
Bill Katz: Great, thank you.
Operator: The following question comes from Kenneth Worthington from JPMorgan. Kenneth, please go ahead.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, good morning. I was hoping you could speak to BREIT and BPP. So first on BREIT, it looks like gross sales have been slowing, gross redemptions have been picking up. I think, Jonathan, you said higher volatility impacts flows. Could BREIT go into redemption in coming months? It looks like it may be poised there. And then on BPP, I think assets fell during the quarter. I thought that was largely permanent capital and I think you highlighted that Core+ returns were higher. What drove the decline there in AUM?
Jon Gray: So on BPP, I think the specific answer on that is currency, I think was the specific answer because...
Michael Chae: The translation of our European BPP plan.
Jon Gray: And Asia.
Michael Chae: Yes.
Jon Gray: And Asia. So I think that's what you saw there, not outflows out of the complex. As it relates to BREIT, as I said in my remarks, it's not a surprise that you would see a deceleration in flows from individual investors when you've had this kind of market decline. I think the number in active equity and fixed income, something like $500 billion of outflows. And remarkably, as you know, we've had positive inflows throughout the year, which has been pretty exceptional. I would say as it relates to near-term flows, yes, it's possible that we could see negatives over some period of time. But the key, which we keep pointing out is the performance that we've delivered and the portfolio we've built. So if you look at BREIT, the fact that we've delivered 13% per year for six years versus 4x greater than the public REIT index or that BCRED has delivered 8% versus significant losses in fixed income over two years. That, of course, makes an enormous difference. There's also the positioning of these portfolios, which is if you look at what BREIT owns, we keep talking about it, rental housing, which is the biggest contributor now to inflation, and then you look at what BCRED owns, it's floating rate debt, which is benefiting, of course, every time the Fed raises rates. And just to put a point on performance again, if you look at BREIT up 9% this year, which versus the rest of the world is, of course, quite striking so we look at this not necessarily in the context of months or this quarter, we look at this over time. And we see individual investors at 1% to 2% allocated to alternatives versus institutions that are 25% to 30% allocated. And our view is with these products, what we're offering is attractive to individual investors and they will continue to find so. Does it mean we have times when things are a little difficult? Yes, in terms of flows, we saw that in March 2020. But in the fullness of time, what we think we're going to see is investors respond to our investment management performance. That's the key driver over time.
Kenneth Worthington: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Beatty from UBS. Adam, please go ahead.
Adam Beatty: Thank you and good morning. I wanted to ask about capital deployment, which seems to have pretty much moderated across the various asset classes and categories. One of the themes in the industry echoed at Blackstone is the idea that market dislocation provides a good time to kind of deploy dry powder with higher expected returns. So I guess directionally, it was a little bit unexpected. Now a couple of minutes ago, Jon said that sometimes referring to Europe that sometimes opportunities just take a while to manifest. So it is just a question of timing? Is there a reason that you've been holding back a little bit? And should we expect deployment to increase next quarter? Thank you.
Jon Gray: So Adam, it's exactly what you referenced there, which is in a moment of dislocation, it takes time. Sellers' expectations change, they pause. Obviously, lenders, in some cases, move to the sidelines and transaction activity slows. And if you went back again to the 2008, 2009 dislocation, it took a bit of time. But then ultimately, of course, we were able to plant a lot of good seeds into the right kind of environment. I would expect deployment will be muted for a bit of time. That doesn't mean we're not going to find some opportunities and that sellers won't start to get creative, providing financing, maybe taking back some equity in a transaction. I think it will build over time. But until you get I think a little more certainty out there, until people become more confident about inflation starting to head down that rates have hit their peak levels. I think you'll see a slower level of transaction activity. I think the key for us is that we don't have to be forced investors at any time, neither buyers nor sellers. So if there is a slowdown in market activity, we can afford to be a little patient. And then when opportunity emerges, we can move. And I would just say that as our platform grows, I think you'll see us be able to do more and more even in a tougher environment. Areas like insurance, we can deploy capital on an unleveraged basis at very low cost relative to others. I think that will be a busy area. But I would say an expectation of slower deployment in the near-term is reasonable, but at some point, picking up meaningfully.
Michael Chae: And Adam, it's Michael. I'd just add a couple of points. One is history, and we have 37 years of it, so that the vintages to straddle these periods of dislocation, which do take time to play out, prove to be really good vintages over time in terms of investment returns. And that second, our platform, which Jon referenced, our franchise is so strong and distinctive. And so our ability to access capital and debt capital in tougher markets and also our ability, I think, to engage in sort of dialogues with corporations, public companies, privately held companies, founders around capital solutions at a tough time, again, is I think, quite advantaged. So we'll have to be patient. It will take time to play out in terms of activity levels, but these periods of dislocation will ultimately prove to be opportunities for value creation.
Adam Beatty: Excellent, thank you guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: The following question is from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous. Patrick, please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning, everyone. My question on that same topic, more specific to private credit. Obviously, I appreciate your comments on better spreads and lack of competition helping you, and it looks like the deployment held up pretty well in 3Q. But how should we think about...
Weston Tucker: Patrick, were dropping  we're losing you.
Patrick Davitt: Can you hear me now?
Weston Tucker: Yes.
Patrick Davitt: Okay. So yes, so I appreciate the comments on better spreads and competition helping credit deployment. And that held up pretty good in 3Q. But how should we think about the pace of credit deployment through a period of continued deterioration in deal markets? Do you think it can hold up if M&A and sponsored deal volumes, in particular, are getting increasingly anemic? And if so, what do you think kind of offsets the deal volumes being a lot lower?
Jon Gray: I think what offsets the fact that deal volumes are lower is the certainty that direct lenders provide to borrowers. So in an environment like this, if you're a financial institution in the distribution business, you're going to be cautious because you don't know where the end market is. And so I think direct lenders, providers of capital who aren't distributing the paper, but just holding it will have an advantage in this kind of volatile market. And so I think we're seeing that today. There's definitely a movement towards direct lending. And it's a similar dynamic in insurance where rather than somebody distributing paper  investment-grade paper, we're doing the direct origination for our insurance clients. So I think there will be opportunities. And I will say, when you look at the private equity market, theres still a lot of equity capital out there. There's a lot of discussions. There are transactions getting done at a lower level. At some point here, inflation, as we've talked about, we'll get to a top point, rates will get there. People will begin to feel a little better and things will continue to go. And what's been amazing throughout this is we've continued to deliver good performance. We found some opportunities along the way and investors continue to allocate capital to us. So it gives us confidence and we've been through other cycles before. We sort of built as a firm for this. And we think there'll be plenty of opportunities as we get through this and get to the other side.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Finian OShea from Wells Fargo. Finian, please go ahead.
Finian OShea: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Sort of staying on the same theme. Can you talk about the financing markets for funds? And if you see any impact there on growth across the platform or in any particular strategies?
Jon Gray: When you say financing for funds, you mean transaction financing?
Finian OShea: We'll say borrowing from banks, securitization, capital markets sometimes. But yes, transaction  yes.
Jon Gray: Yes, we've definitely  as I said, we've seen a slowdown. Banks' risk appetite is lower than it was before. And spreads have gapped out. So the cost of capital if you're buying a company or buying real estate has gone up materially. We're still because of our unique spot, if anyone can get a financing done somewhere, it's us. And I think you'll see some examples of that in the not-too-distant future. But it is harder to borrow money. And as I said, what we're going to see, I think, sellers do a little bit who want to sell is potentially provide some seller financing to get things done. There's a lot of creativity in the deal market. And I think that some of that will emerge in this uncertain environment. But overall message is financing is generally tougher and it makes transactions harder. But I would point out, if you look at investors, if you said, are you better off in periods like 2000, 2007, 2021, where debt markets being sort of abundant  debt is low cost, but you have to pay a lot for assets versus an environment like today, we're definitely better off as investors in an environment like today where capital is more scarce, where we may have to over-equitize the deal and then ultimately finance it when markets calm down a bit in the future.
Finian OShea: Thank you.
Operator: The following question comes from Brian McKenna from JMP Securities. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian McKenna: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So I had a question on hedge fund solutions. Year-to-date performance has actually been pretty healthy despite the tough backdrop for public markets. So are you starting to see any increased demand for the product on the heels of this performance? And then related, how is the business tracking for year-end incentive fees in the fourth quarter?
Jon Gray: Well, I'll just comment on the fact that we brought in Joe Dowling, who previously ran the Brown endowment a couple of years ago. We actually had our LP meeting this week. And we were highlighting the team, the additional investment professional that Joe's brought on board and really this outstanding performance, the fact that here we are into the worst 60/40 environment since the early 70s and the BAM business has been positive all three quarters. That is exceptional, particularly given the scale of capital they operate. I think it's still a bit early in terms of investors who have been, I think, a little more cautious on the hedge fund sector, now recognizing in an environment like this that some of these non-directional strategies in macro quant credit-related strategies can generate attractive returns. And I think that will give us momentum over time. It takes a bit of time for investors to see what's happening here, but we feel really good about it. We could not be more proud of the investment performance the BAM team has delivered.
Brian McKenna: Thank you.
Operator: The following question comes from Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer. Chris, please go ahead.
Chris Kotowski: Yes, good morning. Thanks. I mean, I guess, the striking thing to me is that if you look at the public, apartment, logistics and lodging rates, the earnings are up, the estimates are up, the estimates for next year are higher than for this year, but the stocks are down 30%. And so, I guess, it leads me to think one, a, do you need to run BREIT with more liquidity just in case the perception there gets negative? And then b, when you use your methodology for looking at the asset values in BREIT, and if you apply that to the public companies, do those all of a sudden look a whole bunch more attractive relative to your valuations?
Jon Gray: Yes. Ill start on valuations. Whats interesting about the public real estate market, its pretty small. Its probably 7% or 8% of the U.S. commercial real estate market. It trades with a lot of volatility, as you pointed out. In fact, since 2010, its gone up or down in a 60 day period by more than 10%, 50x, which hasnt happened in the private real estate market during that period, I dont think at once. And it can of course, trade above NAV and below. And part of the decline youve seen was the public markets heading into this were actually above in many cases the private market, so some of that was giving back. And if you look at the analysts today who cover real estate, they would say youre trading below the private market. And the short answer is, does it create opportunity for us as the largest real estate investor? It does. Weve done many, many public to privates in the real estate space. And generally its because the public markets tend to go back and forth between euphoria and depression. And what weve seen here is now the idea is rates have gone up and therefore real estate values go down very, very sharply below the private market value, which can create an opportunity for us, certainly. And we do believe, if you look at the logistics space at the phenomenal performance thats happening in markets, the market  the public markets dont seem to appreciate that. But those can create opportunities over time, similarly in rental housing. As it relates to BREIT, we built this product keeping in mind that there can be volatility in markets. So we run the vehicle with ample liquidity, large amounts of cash and revolvers, large amounts of liquid debt securities. Weve met 100% of the repurchase requests since we started six years ago, including throughout COVID. And the structure means were never a for seller of assets. So we feel really good about BREIT and its ability to weather pretty much any storm. And again, back to what I talked about earlier, focusing on rental housing and logistics where the vast majority of the assets are in the southern United States, you could not have built a better portfolio for the environment were in. And we feel really good about where BREITs going over time.
Chris Kotowski: Very interesting. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rufus Hone from BMO. Rufus, please go ahead.
Rufus Hone: Great. Good morning. Thanks very much. I was hoping to get an update on how your private equity portfolio companies are performing? And also on their ability to manage higher debt service costs as the economy slows down. And related to that, I was curious to know how youve structured the debt at your portfolio companies. If you could share roughly what the mix is between fixed and floating rate debt? And to what extent you may have hedged the floating portion that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Michael Chae: Rufus, this is Michael. Ill start with the last question. Weve been at this for a while, obviously financing our private equity portfolio and feel really good about the position our companies are in. Our average debt maturity  remaining maturity in our private equity portfolio is around five years. In terms of hedging, while the baseline is  theres obviously a floating rate component, especially the senior debt. Theres a fixed component as it relates to a high yield or sub debt portion in most cases. And then we also hedge a significant portion of our portfolio to fixed over a period of time. And then Id say from an interest coverage level in very, very good position from a cushion standpoint, even anticipating higher base rates.
Steve Schwarzman: And I would say performance wise, the third quarter again remarkable 17% revenue growth. Real strength as we talked about in travel and leisure, businesses like Crown Resorts, Merlin Entertainments, we have a visa processing business. All of these companies seeing very strong revenue growth. We have large exposure to energy and energy transition. Of course, thats been one of the best areas in the global economy. And that sector positioning for us, I think has made a very big difference relative sort of the overall mix of companies out there. We also, when we did technology investing, we focused on profitable tech businesses, enterprise tech businesses, which are continuing to grow nicely. So we are as we said in the opening, were seeing slow down economically, but still really good momentum. And particularly in our companies, there is still some margin pressure out there. Labor costs mean that the bottom lines not growing as fast as the revenue line is. But I would say on the ground today, at least for our portfolio is still pretty good.
Rufus Hone: Thank you.
Operator: Up next is Arnaud Giblat from BNPP Exane.
Arnaud Giblat: Hi. Good morning. My question is on the opportunities are out there in secondary markets. Theres been a lot of news flows suggesting that pension funds have been setting some of the LP stakes in the U.S. and Europe. I was wondering if you could comment on that. Have volumes picked up markedly and is pricing attractive for your secondary funds? Thank you.
Jon Gray: We think its a really great time for what will be a $20 billion industry leader secondary fund. What happens in moments like this a little bit like my earlier comments is you see a pause from sellers. They want to wait and see where valuations come out. Sometimes they may not be enthused about potential discounts as the funds may get marked down. And they accept that the valuations are different than they were 12 months earlier. Then you see transaction activity pick up. I would say overall as alternatives have grown in a big way, the secondarys business is very well positioned because people need liquidity for a wide variety of reasons, and there just hasnt been enough growth in the secondary space. And again, it speaks to the power of Blackstone. The fact that weve got a leading industry platform in this area as well is really advantageous. We believe that well see a pickup in volumes. It may take six months for that to happen. Thats been the history, but when it happens, because of the scale of our platform and our ability to invest in all sorts of funds. Were invested in more than 4,000 funds, which gives us a real competitive advantage when somebodys looking for a holistic solution. So we like the space, we think its going to be a busy space. It may just be a little bit slower here for a couple quarters.
Arnaud Giblat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Just wanted to go back to Resolution Life for a second, you say, your confidence on that being a block aggregator. And I think you mentioned $250 billion of potential fundraising insurance. Would you be able to unpack that a little bit in terms of the different components of those drivers in a rough timeframe?
Jon Gray: Yes. On the $250 billion thats really the $150 billion today plus where we think both Corebridge is going to grow to plus Resolution, plus a little bit of organic growth as well.
Michael Chae: And the $150 billion are total insurance AUM managed. Theres about $110 billion or so subset of that from these four big partnerships that Jons referencing. Its that number that will contractually be expected to grow to $250 billion or so over time.
Jon Gray: Yes. On Resolution, whats attractive to us is that their focus on this legacy closed blocks. And so there are a lot of insurance companies out there today. And this is an area where there is a lot of deal flow who want to move out of their old call it life insurance book. Resolution is uniquely positioned. The CEO of Cadre has been doing this for a very long time. Hes built a terrific team to not only underwrite the liabilities but then to service the customers. What he hadnt done historically was focus as much on the asset side, generally buying liquid rated fixed income. And what were bringing to Resolution is new capital to help them grow and what we think is a very good time and the ability to directly originate credit. And this is this mega trend I talked about, but the ability to make real estate loans, corporate loans, infrastructure loans, asset back loans and do that at scale, we think that is a very compelling opportunity. Resolution was exciting about it. And it gives us another engine. So weve obviously got Resolution focused on these closed blocks. In the case of Corebridge and also F&G, we have firms that are growing in the fixed annuity space in a big way. So weve got multiple engines of growth for assets in this space. And the base rates have moved up and the spreads have widened. So if you think about a market where its a very attractive time to be deploying capital and repositioning out of traditional fixed income into private credit, this is that moment. Were excited about this and we really like this model as we talked about, which is asset like we dont have to take on insurance liabilities and multi-client. Were not just limited by one balance sheet, we can work with a variety of clients who all benefit from the scale and diversification we can give them.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thats very interesting. Thank you.
Operator: Allow me to now hand it back to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Thank you for joining everyone. That concludes your conference. You may now disconnect. Please enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2022 Investor Call hosted by Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. My name is Ben and I'm your event manager. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd like to advise all parties that this conference is being recorded. And now, I would like to hand it over to your host. Weston, the floor is yours.
Weston Tucker: Terrific. Thanks Ben and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements and for a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported a GAAP net loss for the quarter of $256 million, distributable earnings were $2 billion or $1.49 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $1.27 per share paid holders of record as of August 1st. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks a lot Weston. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. As you know the second quarter in the first half of 2022 represented some of the worst periods for market performance in history. Investors were anticipating extremely high levels of inflation, rising interest rates, and a slowing economy. The S&P fell 16% in the quarter and 20% in the first six months of the year, the largest first half decline for US equities in over 50 years. Debt markets experienced the largest decline on record. Taken together, the typical 60-40 portfolio produced its worst return since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Capital markets activity, of course, slowed dramatically including US IPOs down over 90% year-on-year and commodity prices soared, but now appear to be backing off from their highest levels. Despite these hostile conditions, Blackstone again delivered outstanding results for our investors. Distributable earnings in Q2 nearly doubled year-over-year to $2 billion, one of the two best quarters in our history, driven by 45% growth in fee-related earnings and record realizations. We raised a remarkable $88 billion of inflows, that's $88 billion of inflows in the quarter in the midst of the market chaos, our second highest quarter ever and equal ironically to Blackstone's total AUM at the time of our IPO in 2007. For the past 12 months, inflows reached $340 billion, driving a 38% increase in AUM to a record setting for us $941 million. We are about midway through the largest fundraising cycle in our history, with enormous support from our limited partners, providing us with an unprecedented $170 billion of dry powder capital. And over the next several years, we expect historically attractive investment opportunities to arise from this dislocation. As a result, our fundraising cycle and the deployment of our dry powder should significantly expand the firm's earnings power and fee-related earnings over time. How can Blackstone generate these extraordinary results, while most other money managers are suffering? We believe that it is the power of our brand, and our superior performance, which have enabled us to build unique relationships with our clients over decades. We've also benefited from the remarkable trends started over 30 years ago of increasing allocations to alternative managers, as investors seek higher, sustainable returns, including retail investors, which represent a vast and largely untapped market. Limited partners across customer channels rely on us, to produce differentiated outcomes, compared to what they can achieve in traditional asset classes. In the second quarter, for example, our flagship strategies again, dramatically outperformed the relevant market indices, most notably in real estate and our hedge fund solutions business. In real estate, while the public REIT index fell 17% in the quarter, our Core+ funds were up 2.3%. I'll do that again for you. The index is down 17%, we were up 2.3%. And our opportunistic funds protected capital, down only 1%, so we only performed by 16% for our customers over the index. For the first six months of the year, our real estate strategies appreciated 9% to 10% versus a 20% decline in the REIT index, equaling an outperformance of roughly 3,000 basis points. I don't know many asset classes that perform -- outperform indexes by 3,000 basis points. Meanwhile, in liquids, BAM achieved positive returns again in the second quarter, and a 1.8% growth for the first half, outperforming the S&P by 2,200 basis points for the six-month period and the hedge fund index by nearly 700 basis points. This is exactly what BAM's products are designed to do in down markets. These results frankly are stunning compared to the losses, most investors are experiencing. What drives our fund's outperformance and allows us to sustain it overtime? Our investment process is highly differentiated including a rigorous focus on choosing the best sectors and assets always with a priority of protecting capital.  And we create value in our investments with our deep portfolio operations and asset management capabilities. We had anticipated higher interest rates and more pervasive inflation for sometime, and we position the firm's portfolios to reflect that, which Jon will discuss in more detail. We're seeing the clear benefits of that foresight today and so are our customers. Looking forward, market conditions will remain challenging. We're cautious on inflation which we think could stay higher for longer than most expect and central banks will have to continue responding. It will be a difficult balancing act in combating inflation, while trying to minimize the negative impact on economies. Europe is also facing the most severe impacts of the war in Ukraine in terms of dislocations in energy markets, in the global food supply.  And in Asia the periodic reassertion of COVID remains a headwind to growth. These conditions of course create significant uncertainty for markets. And the critical question is, how much has already been incorporated in the broad-based declines that have occurred. It is impossible to know the exact outcome because it depends on future Central Bank actions, but economic softening along with corporate margin pressure will be prevalent.  Blackstone is uniquely positioned to navigate these uncertainties on behalf of our investors. We've lived through many cycles in our 36-year history. In each one we learned a lot and each one reinforced the importance of having long-term committed capital. The vast majority of our AUM today is under long-term contracts or in perpetual structures, helping us avoid the large decreases in AUM experienced by many other money managers in this environment as we've all seen.  Our model also provides us the advantage of patience to buy assets and the flexibility to sell when the time is right. Meanwhile, our portfolio is in excellent shape having been carefully designed with the current environment in mind. The firm is extremely secure financially with a market cap today of $120 billion, minimal net debt and importantly, no insurance liabilities.  Our fundraising should allow us to invest large-scale capital at lower prices providing the basis for substantial realizations in the future. We expect a significant expansion of FRE over the next several years which Michael will discuss. In conclusion, despite the difficult conditions that come with every Central Bank tightening cycle. I am extremely confident that Blackstone has always, will prosper and grow even stronger in the future. And with that I'll turn it over to Jon. 
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Despite the challenging quarter, Blackstone delivered both for our customers and shareholders. And with four powerful engines of growth and record dry powder capital to invest, we are ideally positioned for the road ahead. The foundation of our business remains investment performance.  The way we positioned investor capital over the past several years is driving differentiated returns today as Steve noted. We've been preparing for an environment of rising rates and a normalization of market multiples for sometime. And the facts on the ground across our global portfolio suggested inflation would be higher and more persistent than many believed. These views informed our investing leading us towards owning floating rate debt hard assets with shorter duration income streams and high-quality companies with limited exposure to input costs and with pricing power. We also have pursued attractive cyclical opportunities such as the travel recovery thing, and we did not lose our discipline even as we invested in faster-growing sectors always keeping a sharp focus on profitability. Nowhere are the benefits of our thematic approach more apparent in our $320 billion real estate business which just reported a record quarter. Performance remains outstanding the output of our emphasis on sectors where rent growth continues to meaningfully outpace inflation. In logistics and rental housing our two largest exposures fundamentals are the strongest we've seen. In logistics e-commerce tailwinds and corporates moving away from just-in-time inventory have driven vacancy towards all-time low levels. We estimate rental growth in our U.S. and Canadian logistics markets exceeded 40% year-over-year in the second quarter. And in our U.S. multifamily markets, rents grew 19% based on the most recent data for May. BREIT perfectly exemplifies the strength of our concentrated strategy in these two areas, with estimated year-to-date growth in same-store property net operating income of 16%. In corporate private equity revenue growth in our portfolio also remained quite strong in the quarter up 17% year-over-year for our operating companies, which helped to offset significant increases in labor and input costs. While we were not immune to the market volatility, we saw a strong appreciation in our travel, leisure and energy holdings. These areas comprise 28% of our corporate private equity business compared to a 5% weighting in the S&P 500. In our credit business, fundamentals remain healthy. Default rates are historically low. And our focus on large senior secured loans has led to an average loan-to-value ratio of just 44% in our U.S. direct lending portfolio with significant borrower equity subordinate to our positions. The value of our assets is further highlighted by our record realization activity in the second quarter. The firm's largest realizations in the quarter and among the largest in our history was a $23 billion recapitalization of last-mile logistics platform Mileway and the $5.7 billion sale of the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas in two of our favorite secular neighborhoods. Looking forward, volatile markets do mean realizations will likely be muted for sometime. However, FRE will continue to provide meaningful ballast to earnings during this period. Conversely, market dislocation creates attractive opportunities to deploy and our enormous dry powder and long-duration fund structures give us the ability to take advantage of these opportunities as they emerge. Turning to our four engines of growth. Our customers continue to respond favorably to our performance and our drawdown fund business could not be in a stronger position today. We launched fundraising for our new global real estate flagship in March, targeting $30.3 billion, which is 50% larger than its predecessor and would represent the largest private equity or real estate private equity drawdown fund ever raised. In only three months, we closed on $24.4 billion, with the remaining capacity already fully allocated. Combined with our BREP funds in Europe and Asia, we will have $50 billion of opportunistic real estate capital to deploy globally, only 12% which is invested today. This is a very advantageous position given the current environment. We've also raised $9 billion to date for our new corporate private equity flagship and expect it to be at least as large as the prior fund. Our private equity secondary flagship is on track to reach its target of approximately $20 billion, the largest secondaries vehicle ever raised. We closed on $3 billion for our new growth equity vehicle and expect to exceed the size of the prior fund here as well and the list goes on. Overall, we remain highly confident in our $150 billion aggregate target for drawdown strategies. Moving to our institutional perpetual capital platform which has grown rapidly and now exceeds $100 billion. Our institutional real estate Core+ strategy BPP is $74 billion across 25 different vehicles including $8 billion of additional perpetual capital raised in the second quarter for the Mileway recapitalization. As a reminder, we have four open-ended institutional BPP strategies focused on North America, Asia, Europe and the life sciences sector that can continuously raise capital. We also have perpetual closed-end and co-investment vehicles including Logicor and Mileway in Europe, Stuyvesant Town in New York, Canadian industrial, Japanese apartments and more. Our infrastructure strategy has grown to $30 billion, with an additional $3 billion raised in the second quarter and over $12 billion of inflows since reopening to new capital late last year. Both BPP and our infrastructure platform continue to benefit from their focus on hard assets and great sectors where inflation is further limiting new supply. Turning to retail. Sales in the channel were $15.5 billion in the quarter. For our three perpetual products BREIT BCRED and BPIF, sales totaled a robust $11 billion, with an additional $2.4 billion of monthly subscriptions on July 1. We do offer limited repurchases within these vehicles which increased in the quarter to $2.9 billion, driven by Asia-based retail investors. As we saw in 2020 retail net flows are impacted in a volatile market environment. But the key long-term is that our investment performance for our three perpetual vehicles remains very strong as does the positioning of their respective portfolios. Looking forward, we have more perpetual products in registration and we continue to add distribution partners around the world. Finally on insurance, our business has more than doubled in the past 12 months to over $150 billion and we are seeing continued organic flows from our clients, totaling $3 billion year-to-date. We are focused on delivering for them and we're also pursuing a variety of additional growth opportunities on a balance sheet-light basis. In closing, we have both the staying power and firepower, to thrive in this challenging environment as we have for 36 years. Our strategy remains the same as always. We are an asset-light, brand-heavy, investment manager focused on delivering exceptional returns for our clients, which creates both near-term dividends and long-term appreciation for our shareholders. With that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks Jon and good morning, everyone. For the past several years, we've been highlighting the continuing expansion and transformation of our AUM and earnings. At our Investor Day in 2018, we first shared the message about a meaningful step-up in earnings power, driven by the combination of first the drawdown fundraising cycle, at the time consisting of five flagships targeting $60 billion; and second, the growing contribution of our perpetual capital platform.  Over the subsequent four years, our asset and earnings base and quality have expanded dramatically powered by these factors. Firm's second quarter results, reflected another definitive step on this journey. Meanwhile, the key elements of the forward outlook favorably resemble our set up four years ago, with a new drawdown fund cycle underway and a growing array of perpetual strategies. I'll discuss each of these areas in more detail. Starting with results. The exceptional range of growth engines firing across the firm has continued to propel AUM, to new record levels. Management fees grew 28% year-over-year, to a record $1.6 billion in the second quarter and were up 6% sequentially from Q1. Combined with $347 million of fee-related performance revenues in the second quarter, generated by a variety of perpetual vehicles, total fee revenues exceeded $1.9 billion up 51% year-over-year. Fee-related earnings increased 45% year-over-year to $1 billion, reflecting the strong growth in fee revenues. With respect to FRE margin, as we've stated before, it's most informative to look over multiple quarters given intra-year movements. On a year-to-date basis, FRE margin was 55.1% in line with the prior year comparable period, despite a significant step-up in T&E expense from muted levels last year. As we noted then, the COVID-related reduction in T&E spend, was a benefit that would eventually reverse. Adjusting for this impact year-to-date 2022 margins were stable with the full year 2021 as well. For 2022, we expect full year margin to be approximately in the same 55% area, reflecting expansion of over 200 basis points in two years and 900 basis points in four years. Distributable earnings increased 86% year-over-year, to $2.0 billion in the second quarter or $1.49 per share driven by strong growth in both FRE and net realizations. Net realizations rose over 2.5 fold to a record $1.3 billion, powered by Mileway and The Cosmopolitan. While the overall effect of the current environment will be to slow realizations in the near-term, our performance revenue potential continues to build. Invested performance revenue eligible AUM grew 39% year-over-year to a record $487 billion. Net accrued performance revenues on the balance sheet stand at $7.5 billion or over $6 per share. While down from a record level in Q1, primarily due to realizations, this store of value is still up 11% year-over-year and is up nearly threefold from the same period two years ago. Turning to the outlook. Similar to the road map we provided four years ago, we believe the combination of the firm's latest drawdown fundraising cycle and the ongoing expansion and scaling of our perpetual capital platform will lead to a structural step-up in the firm's FRE over the next several years. First, our $150 billion target across 18 drawdown funds represents an increase of over 25% compared to their prior vintages. This engine alone should add approximately 20% to FRE as these funds are raised and activated over time. We expect to launch the new $30 billion real estate flagship in early fall with an effective four-month fee holiday for first closers. We will launch other funds at various points over the coming quarters depending on deployment. At the same time and alongside the drawdown funds, our perpetual capital platform has expanded dramatically since Investor Day. In the past 12 months alone, perpetual AUM more than doubled to $356 billion consisting of 21 strategies across 51 discrete vehicles with more in development. Most of these vehicles generate recurring fee-related performance revenues and momentum in this high-quality earnings stream continues to build. Indeed perpetual strategies now comprise 45% of the firm's total performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground or $219 billion, reflecting a model that is less and less dependent on asset sales. In the past, we referred to the layering effect of these revenues as crystallization events occur on different cycles across strategies. In the case of BPP in particular, we expect to see a meaningful step-up in fee related performance revenues in 2023 with four times more BPP AUM subject to crystallization than in 2022. Overall, our perpetual platform including both institutional and retail strategies has been a key driver of the firm's evolution towards higher and more recurring earnings, a progression we expect to continue. So in closing as Blackstone moves into the second half of 2022 despite the many uncertainties in the world, we are highly confident in the future. Our business model is set up to provide extraordinary resiliency in difficult times as shown throughout our history. At the same time, we have multiple engines growth, driving us forward and are putting in place the foundation for a material step-up in FRE. With that, thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thanks. And with that our first question is coming from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Michael, please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: [Technical Difficulty] which we hear is getting a bit tougher. But then when we look at your results you raised a staggering amount of capital in the quarter. So just curious your perspectives on the broader fundraising backdrop here for the industry and then how do you expect the balance of the year to play out for Blackstone? And then any additional help you can provide around how to think about the fee activations and timing around that into the -- for the rest of the year and into 2023 and what that means for the financial profile? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Thanks Mike. I would say on the fundraising front, it is getting harder out there. I think there was some frequent of vein data that was out this last week that showed private equity fundraising in the first half of the year was down 43%. It's particularly tough in North America private equity with institutions. And I think you'll probably hear about more of this from others in the industry both public and private participants. I think the key as you saw in the numbers here, and our reaffirmation of our $150 billion target is that we are in a differentiated spot. It reflects our track record over time, the relationships we've built with LPs. I mean to raise a $30 plus billion fund in 90 days is pretty staggering. It would be in a good environment, but to do it in an environment where markets are falling sharply is especially impressive. And so what we're seeing with us is, we have this very broad platform. We're in secondaries and credit, hedge funds, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences. We raised capital around the world, US, Canada, Middle East, Asia, Australia. And we do it, of course, in different channels, not only the institutional channel, but in retail and insurance now. And so I think that gives us an ability to do things that others can't. We would continue to expect we'll raise money. It is a more challenging environment, but I think it will hit some others probably in a more adverse way. We don't have as broad a platform maybe not the same track record, maybe not the same depths of relationships. So a more challenging environment and this is where a firm like Blackstone really shines. In terms of the financial, I don't know if there's anything you want to add Michael. 
Michael Chae: Mike, I referred to how the fundraising cycle and there's sort of 20 or so discrete strategies that these vehicles have launched and will continue to launch over the course of the coming quarters depending on deployment. And so I mentioned the big new BREP global fund that we expected to launch in the early fall subject to the standard fee holiday. And then I think beyond that you'll see depending on deployment more funds launching. And I would say in terms of -- you'll see a substantial impact from that in 2023. And then in terms of full fees from the broader sweep of those funds much of that in 2024, we would expect that, again, it's deployment dependent.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our second question is coming from the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. Ken, please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. There seems to be a disconnect in terms of what we're seeing and the message we're hearing from management in terms of the resiliency of the business and the perception by investors of this resiliency. So can you help us reconcile this perception divide and what might seem intuitive and logical for investors about the flow-through of macro factors through private markets investing and why that's not as bad as they think? And in particular BREIT and BCRED seem to be areas of concern. Do you see net redemptions as possible in coming months? And how are those funds positioned to manage a period of redemptions beyond redemption limits, particularly if they exhaust cash and credit lines?
Jon Gray : Okay. That is a long question, Ken. I guess, I'd start with what we think is a misperception about the business. And it may go back in time to the fact that these businesses used to have a narrower base, we're engaged in a relatively small number of activities and had a small number of customers. And as we've talked about on past calls, we really see ourselves having moved into these much more open waters. Alternatives have gone from being sort of a niche business to something that's broadly accepted that the performance has proven resilient, and that has given customers more and more confidence. That's why even different than 2008, 2009 customers recognize that this is a great vintage. We said on the call, we expect to raise a private equity fund equal in size. We expect to raise a growth fund similarly even larger than the last fund. In previous cycles investors may have shied away. Now, because of our track record and confidence in the industry, investors recognize this is a compelling time to invest in this space. I'd also point out that the way the business is built we talk about both staying power and firepower. So, on the staying power front, we have a firm Steve articulated that has virtually no net debt, no insurance liabilities. We are a very well-capitalized business for any kind of environment. And then our funds are set up in ways where we are not for sellers of assets. So when we go through periods of dislocation we're able to ride through them. If you look back at our data, over 30-plus years interestingly our funds that have been through recessions produced the same multiple of invested capital. It just takes a little longer to get there. And people have been around the business, I think understand that. The other factor here that, I would point to is we've got all this dry powder. And I think that's going to prove to be very advantageous, both in terms of FRE but taking advantage of a difficult market. And then I would talk about, where we've deployed capital. We've been really focused on what we call good neighborhoods. We've been talking to all of you now for 18 months about inflation and so when you look at our portfolios they don't necessarily reflect the market overall. So, we've got 28% in private equity in travel and energy that's different than the market. In real estate, where we have a large portion of our portfolio in residential rental housing and logistics very different than the overall market. In fixed income, our BXC our credit business and our BREDS real estate debt business are heavily oriented virtually, all to floating rate debt obviously very important. And when you look at some of the products pivoting to you specifically asked about BREIT and BCRED, the fact that they're designed for an inflationary environment gives us a lot of confidence. In the case of BCRED, you've got floating rate debt. So every time the Fed raises rates returns go higher. In the case of BREIT, you own short duration hard assets in that case 80% residential housing and logistics, where the fundamentals are phenomenally strong. I guess, I should just comment specifically the question was about redemption in those two vehicles. I'd say a number of things. First of all, if you look at the data in the quarter overall in retail we had $15.5 billion of inflows very remarkable. In the three products primarily, BREIT and BCRED, but also our European product BPIF, we had $11 billion of inflows in the quarter. We did have $3 billion of redemptions  the $2.9 billion of redemptions. I would also point out on July 1, which doesn't show up in the quarterly data, we had another $2.4 billion of inflows. So these are products that have a lot of momentum. I would point out that, we operate them with low leverage. In the case of BCRED it's around one to one. In the case of BREIT I think as of the latest quarter its right at or slightly below 40% leverage. We also run them with significant amount of liquidity, excess liquidity, to meet our clients' needs over time. And I think, it's super, super important to focus on the fact that, these portfolios have delivered extraordinary performance. Steve articulated this, but in markets that are down sharply the fact that BCRED has managed to produce slightly positive performance, BREIT I think is up over 7% net this year. That's really exceptional. And again it goes back to what we own in these portfolios. And so being positioned in the right place for a good environment and then having a terrific product to address it we think is really important. I would also say as a final point in these vehicles of course beyond the enormous amounts of liquidity we run them with, we also have structures here again that make sure we never have to be a force seller. So, we've been really thoughtful in designing them. But the thing that gives us the greatest confidence is individual investors are continuing to allocate capital and the performance and the positioning is so strong. 
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, Jon maybe building on the retail theme a little bit more here. So, you guys have provided a lot of data and evidence that support how large that addressable market is for Blackstone. And as you think about the more turbulent market conditions, what do you hear from some of the larger distribution partners, individual financial advisers, et cetera as they're thinking about both the gross sales and potential for larger redemptions from some of these vehicles? So, -- because to your point performance has been extraordinary relative to fixed income markets being down double-digits year-to-date. So, if there are redemptions, what are the main reasons? And B, as you're thinking about launching a lot of new products, you guys have a couple of things in Europe, there are some headlines in Asia. How are you thinking about scaling those products in the more challenging macro backdrop?
Jon Gray: So, I would say Alex near-term when you have this kind of market volatility, you would expect to see net flows to slow. We saw this by the way back in 2020. It was a short period, but we saw back then a pretty dramatic decline in net flows we continue to execute, and of course, that turned over time the other direction. And of course, if you look at IPO markets or other areas, we've seen much sharper declines relative to what we've experienced here. When we talk to our distribution partners, I think what they would say and what we see in our data and I mentioned most of the repurchases as we call them are coming from a smaller subset of our investors in Asia. And the majority of investors here in the United States have been fairly stable. I would say investors the feedback are they like these products, they like the performance of these products, and that's the reason we're continuing to sell them. If the markets continue to be challenging, then you can expect that it's a more difficult period for net flows. But then again I go back to we've got products that are well-designed with ample liquidity. And then again you look at the numbers on the ground. And I think this is where it's worthwhile to talk about what's happening. So, in BREIT, we mentioned that same-store net operating income was up 16% in the quarter. That's well above I think almost any public real estate company today and it speaks to the positioning and the geographic positioning as well. Rental growth is even higher in these portfolios. And what that allows us to do or has allowed to happen here is between the dividends we pay and the growth, the multiples have come down in terms of the valuation metrics and yet we've still managed to deliver positive performance. And that's what we're seeing out there, which is incredible performance on the ground. And in BCRED, again, as I said, floating rate will help a lot. So, the short answer is in a choppy environment, you could see a tougher retail net flows environment. But you're continuing to see meaningful positive flows. You saw it again at the beginning of July, and we're continuing to see strong performance. And that's what we think will continue to make a big difference.
Alexander Blostein: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. Glenn, please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Appreciate it, thanks. I guess I just want to drill down on the concept that we talked in the past about higher rates. And you mentioned the clear obvious it's great to be a lender with lots of floating rate debt when rates are rising. And so you benefit from that. I guess the flip side is you invest in companies that are levered. And so, I'm curious if you can address the positioning of the portfolio and what types of companies while rates were zero and spreads were so low for so long low with floating rate debt instead of locking in fixed rate. And if I could just on the same topic of high rates, do you think that slows demand for private credit products in general as a competitive thing? Thanks.
Jon Gray: When transaction activity slows that can impact deal volumes in terms of originating private credit. Although in this environment, the banks have grown more cautious and that's creating an opportunity for private lenders. In terms of our portfolio, it really varies. We've been talking a bunch about BREIT. In that case virtually all of the debt we fix long-term. We do that similarly in our perpetual vehicles like BPP. We have a lot of fixed rate debt in our infrastructure business as well, because these are long-term hold assets. BCP has also been pretty disciplined in fixing out a trade. That's our private equity business, maybe not quite as much as we do in some of our long-duration real estate or infrastructure products. And then I would say, in our opportunistic real estate business, we have more floating rate debt. But again, we're much more lowly leveraged than we were in the past. And so, when I look at sort of where our portfolio sits, our leverage, our coverage versus 15 years ago and the stability of the type of assets we own, we feel so much better. And by the way, it's not just us. If you look at the default rates across the credit world, it's still pretty low. So, yes, higher rates will impact the net cash flow you have to distribute, and also, of course, has an impact on multiples and we're seeing that in the marketplace. But overall, we don't see that as being a major issue for our portfolio.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you.
Operator: Our following question is coming from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. My question is on the underlying leverage for BREIT BPP and BCRED. And I appreciate the comments for 1:1 for BCRED and 40% for BREIT, but what type of flexibility do you have in each of these three vehicles to move leverage up or down, especially considering the M&A pipeline at both BREIT and BPP?
Jon Gray: So, we have meaningful additional capacity in both of these vehicles in order to, obviously, meet our investment requirements, but also if there are liquidity requirements, sizable excess liquidity, I don't know what's disclosed in the documents for these vehicles. But I would just characterize it as quite significant. We've created these products recognizing you could go through a more challenging period of time. And so, that is definitely not something we view as an issue. 
Steve Schwarzman: All right. Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Robert Lee from KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering it would be possible to maybe get a little bit more meat on the bone, so to speak, for your FRE expectations. I know you called out the fundraising cycle adding maybe, I think, it was 20% alone to FRE from -- I'm assuming that's current run rates, but could you maybe break that down like, if you had -- how we should think of it from base fees versus fee-related performance revenues. And then, it's been, I guess, a long while, maybe 2018 since you updated some kind of growth targets. So any willingness to kind of update what you think is possible over the next, say, three, five years?
Michael Chae: Thanks, Rob, its Michael. I think, you heard it right, a 20% increase from basically run rate FRE levels, which includes management fees and also fee-related performance revenues. So -- but that 20% is coming from just the management fee effect and contribution to FRE overall. So the numerators, the management fee uplift to FRE from this cycle of flagship drawdown fundraising, relative to the current run rate FRE base. And that's obviously an estimate, but we feel pretty good about it over the coming years. And then, I would just -- without putting more numbers to it, go back to what I said in my remarks, which is, I think certainly qualitatively as we look at it and in terms of sort of the mix of it, there are parallels to the position we're in, which is very favorable as it relates to uplift from the cycle of fundraising and also perpetual capital, both in terms of growth and the base. And then, also, we've talked about over time sort of this -- the layering and seasoning effect, if you will, of platforms, including institutional perpetual platforms in BPP and BIP. And for programs like in BPP's case, which are now six, seven years old, where those fee-related performance revenues mostly have a three-year anniversary, you're starting to see those sort of cycle through for a second and third time. So you'll see the benefit of that in the coming years.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on to our next question from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please, go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Maybe, I'll just focus on that last point on the performance -- fee-related performance on BREIT and the BPP platform. Just on BREIT, BCRED. So I think the net return was a little over 2% in the second quarter, but you're making your fees on the gross return, I believe. So maybe, Jon, if you can just talk about the yield component of that and the return profile of that and your optimism on that yield increasing, obviously, as something that would be attractive for retail investors. And then, Michael, just if you could talk a little bit more about the BPP platform, the crystallization timing, what assets are related to that for that three-year anniversary. I assume that's excluding BREIT.
Jon Gray: Yes. So on the BREIT outlook, what I would say is it goes back to these really remarkable fundamentals, the best we've seen in logistics and rental housing in our history. That should power strong performance even as multiples come down as cap rates move up something we've already done materially at this point. And there could be more of that over time, but we have such strong fundamental growth combined with the dividend yield today which is 4.5% and that's what's produced the strong performance. That's what gives us confidence about the future.
Michael Chae: Yeah. And just to reinforce that Brian. So just stepping on BREIT, basically high single-digit gross appreciation total return and that's comprised of that 4.5% mid single-digit cash yield and then appreciation. I think in terms of the BPP incentive fees, both currently and then next year, they're spread across different vehicles and strategies. So whether it's BPP US, BPP Europe strategies co-invest strategies, BPP Asia you saw contributions from each of those this quarter. That will continue in the coming quarters. And then next year, you have more of that and you also have the life sciences BPP vehicle that we created a couple of years ago that will have an anniversary in terms of its fee next year which will be meaningful. 
Brian Bedell: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research. Patrick, please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. This press report out suggesting that you and some of the other big private credit managers are dialing back on deal financing risk and direct lending. Could you speak to that dynamic and should -- and through that lens, should we expect a meaningful pullback in credit deployment? And on the other hand, is there a potential offset from maybe pivoting to more rescue financing the deal financing to offset that?
Jon Gray: Okay. I think in terms of private credit, I would just point out that in the second quarter we committed to seven transactions with $1 billion or more. Biggest one was I believe the Zendesk public to private in the software space. So we had an extremely active quarter. That being said, obviously, there has been a change in the market. It allows you to be more selective on which types of credits. It allows you to diversify a little bit more. And so, I think it speaks to there being significant opportunity. But obviously, we're going to pick our spots. But in general I think as a lender in this kind of environment, it not only applies to our private credit business on kind of direct lending positions, but also in insurance you can lend at lower loan to values and higher spreads. So it's a good time to be a lender. We fortunately between our DXC business, our BREDS business, our insurance business, we have a lot of scale in this area. So we're enthused about the opportunity to lend money to provide credit to borrowers. But yes, you can be selective in who you choose, where you choose to deploy capital and also get both favorable economic and contract terms in this kind of environment. 
Patrick Davitt: Thanks.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Patrick. Next question please.
Operator: Moving to our next question is from Finian O'Shea from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Finian O'Shea: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Can you talk about the market volatilities expected impact on private deal activity? What sort of a magnitude of a drop-off we might see? And in terms of how long it might last, is there starting to  is the buyer/seller disconnect perhaps on valuations starting to thaw out?
Jon Gray: We have seen a decline, no surprise. Whenever you have moments of dislocation as I keep saying of equity markets, debt markets trading off, you have banks who at these moments sometimes have inventory that they will take them time to move. You see this slow down and you see buyers and sellers sort of resetting their expectations. We saw it in 2020, when it was very short, lasted six weeks. In the most extreme example in 2008 2009, it was 15 months or something. We're not I don't think in either of those conditions. And we're still seeing deals getting done. We did a number of things in private equity. We bought a business at Vara [ph], which is in the life science space doing compliance testing. We bought a business Geosyntec which is an environmental consulting firm. And so there still is activity. But the way it happens is things slow down, people find sort of a floor and then business builds back up. I think in this environment, until there's a little more confidence around the trajectory on inflation I think we'll see slower volumes. Once people get a sense that inflation is turning down more, they'll have a clearer path. And so I would expect the back half of the year will be slower because I think it will take a little time and then things will pick back up. Going back to our model, the good news is we don't have to deploy the capital. We can be patient. We can wait for the right moment. The best opportunities today are clearly in the public markets on the screen and that's where we're spending a lot of time. Then there'll be people who need capital or want to sell a division and then sort of private-to-private transactions will probably pick up over that time. So we've seen these cycles over time. Deal volume will pick back up but I would expect it probably to be slow in the back half of the year. 
Finian O'Shea: Thank you.
Operator: Moving on to our next question from Brian Mckenna from JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Brian Mckenna: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. It's great to see the strong fundraising to date for BREP 10 and then to hear the $30 billion target. And when I look at the last few vintages of this product, the fund sizes have stepped up quite meaningfully. So can you talk about how you think about expanding the size of these funds over time? And then also how you think about capping these funds relative to the market opportunity? 
Jon Gray: Yes. We've been very disciplined over time. I mean if you really look across the BREP franchise as you mentioned, $30 billion is a step-up. But it's grown from I guess low double-digits just before the crisis, the financial crisis. And we see the marketplace  if you look at asset value growth in commercial real estate I don't think we've grown faster than that on a relative basis. As you know, where we've seen big growth of course has been in our perpetual products in Core+ both institutionally and retail, which is an even larger market. But what excites us of course, and I think excited our investors is what's going to happen potentially. You see it in the public markets, there could be people who face financial challenges and having a large-scale fund that doesn't require financing commitments allows us to do big things. And we recently committed to buy last-mile logistics business actually closed this week, PS Business Parks, that's in some of the best geographies in the US with incredibly strong fundamentals. And because of our scale we were able to step up. So I guess, what I would say is we're very thoughtful on the size of the capital. We've been asked this question now for 30-plus years. If you look at the BREP global track record at 17 net since inception investors have a lot of confidence in us. And it's a similar story across our firm. We scale the capital in these drawdown funds relative to the opportunity and performance is what matters. We're continuing to deliver that and investors continue to respond.
Brian Mckenna: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Beatty from UBS. Please go ahead.
Adam Beatty: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Question on expenses and margins so probably for Michael. Just how we should think about the non-comp expense growth going forward? How far along do you think we are in terms of, kind of, post-pandemic uplift on that line and getting back to a more normal run rate? And then quickly if I could, just on the FRE uplift from the fundraising are you assuming like a higher incremental margin there or just run rate margins such that some margin expansion might be upside? Thanks a lot.
Michael Chae: Sure, Adam. I think on the second question we're not -- that approximately 20% doesn't rely on margin expansion although over the long-term we'd obviously continue to expect operating leverage and margin expansion and larger funds have that effect. In terms of your first question on operating expense, yes for sure, this was in T&E and we sort of made this call a year ago. I think, we said a year ago it explained about 100 basis points or so of margin impact. And that's exactly what happened. And even though we felt like we were pretty much back to work a year ago if you look at the T&E spend across the firm as our teams really mobilized and investors gathered again and so forth, it was a significant uplift even relative to pre-COVID levels versus pretty minimal spend a year ago. So I would expect that to sort of cycle through over the next couple of quarters and then normalize in the year after that. And I think overall if you look at the full year the second half of the year I think the rate of increase in OpEx will decline as we roll over some lumpier first half comparisons. 
Adam Beatty: Thanks for the details. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next up we have Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Perhaps maybe we could just touch on the secondaries market briefly clearly strong performance in the quarter up over 5.5%. But if you might be able to just comment a little bit on some of the drivers and outlook for this business. And then I guess this is maybe a bit of a longer-term question, but do the dynamics and the sort of construct of the secondaries fund lend itself to any sort of retail opportunity in the future just given the liquidity or closer liquidity that it could potentially afford? Thank you.
Jon Gray: All right. Good question. So on the performance front there is a little bit of a lag there. So because you're reporting from underlying managers as opposed to reporting directly from Blackstone, you've got a quarter or so lag. So those were very good results, but obviously we'll expect next quarter they'll reflect what's happening in the private equity market today. In terms of drivers in the business they're really outstanding. If you think about how dramatically the alternative space has grown and yet how little capital is in the secondary space to provide liquidity there is a serious mismatch there. And then when you add to that the number of firms who can buy across the several thousand different managers out there that's even more limited. So we think about this as a special business that will continue to scale over time that there's a structural inefficiency in the business because there's this need for liquidity. I would say, on the deal flow front again what's going to happen now is, investors will probably pause LPs in terms of selling and there'll probably be a period where some markdowns will come through, then we'll see sales pick up again. And many investors one of the flip side positives and this is why the firm having sort of the diversity we have is so important. One of the positives here is the overallocation to private equity that makes fundraising more challenging for many firms.  It means that those same institutions are now thinking more and more about selling in secondary. So, we think having a $20 billion fund in that space is going to be very compelling. We have smaller funds in infrastructure and real estate, but that is really a long-term growth engine for our firm.  And on retail, I do think there's opportunity. I think the diversity of it, the liquidity, the shorter duration that is a product potentially part of something broader that could be a meaningful addition. And again, it's another one of the factors that's the strength of our firm. And I guess I would just say there was -- we've talked generally about the environment and everybody's focused on this month quarter, I just cannot emphasize enough the strength of our brand and what it allows us to do to create new retail products to do things in insurance on a capital-light basis. Our ability to still fundraise institutionally, despite the challenging environment. You see it in that number $88 billion, I think you'll continue to see it over time in our results. 
Gerry O'Hara: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Arnaud Giblat from BNPP Exane. Please go ahead.
Arnaud Giblat: Good morning. So, my question is on BREIT. If I understand well the biggest component of performance over the past six months 12 months has been rental growth. I'm just wondering what the outlook there is? I've heard you that you're in good neighborhoods etcetera. But I'm just wondering how much more scope you have to put our brands in the context of rising rates and inflation and a squeezed consumer? Thank you.
Jon Gray: It's a good question. Obviously at some point the very high rates of rental growth will come down, but the backdrop is incredibly constructive. You start with in our two main asset classes here residential and logistics record low vacancies which is different typically than when you're going into a down cycle. In addition to that, what you're seeing is particularly on the residential side, a pretty rapid slowing of new construction. New home starts were down 20% here in the last couple of months because obviously the for sale market, the cost of construction goes up and also financing costs, mortgage costs have gone up really materially. And so, people still have to live somewhere. And so, what's happening of course is you're seeing less new supply. We already have a very big structural shortage and that's pushing more people into the rental market.  So that provides a lot of support. I would also point out as history if you went back to the 1978 to 1982 period, the last period of really high inflation in the US, CPI averaged 9% back then. Rental housing apartment rents grew at 9% and new construction declined by 50%. So, I think investors haven't fully appreciated the value of hard assets in this kind of climate. And then on the logistics side what I would say there is, we're still seeing the shift to e-commerce the importance of owning last-mile logistics keeps going up. And then this redundancy desire of companies, who are concerned about supply chain and the need to hold more inventory closer to home, that's creating real demand there too. And so, we see strength there as well. So, surprisingly, despite a lot of the headwinds, these are probably two of the best sectors in the entire economy around the world.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Arnaud. Next question please, Ben.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Rufus Hone from BMO. Rufus, please proceed.
Rufus Hone: Great. Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about the potential you're seeing for insurance deals in the current environment and how has your deal pipeline evolved? And I was wondering, whether the rise in interest rates and higher volatility has had any impact on the appetite you're seeing for transactions? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Well, we are seeing insurance companies I think increasingly recognizing that having the capability to originate private credit is very important. And particularly in this environment, when the banks get more full on inventory and slow their originations, that makes it more challenging for folks who buy just liquid widely distributed products. And if you have the capability in this environment to make corporate loans, real estate loans, infrastructure loans, asset-backed loans, that is a real competitive advantage. I think insurers are also seeing the strong performance of our insurance clients. We have three meaningful insurance clients, but also other insurers tied to alternative asset managers. That private credit allows them to earn incremental yield without taking on incremental risk. So we're seeing an industry that is beginning to recognize that this is a powerful tool to generate better returns for policyholders. We are in discussions with multiple parties. As we've talked about over time, we don't know when these things hit or not. But what we do have is this very powerful origination engine and a model, where we can serve multiple insurance clients and that gives us the ability to grow in this area. So my expectation is over time, I don't know when we'll come back and find other sizable clients and continue to grow this area. There's really a natural partnership between us and major insurance companies looking for incremental yield.
Operator: Next question comes from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research. Patrick, please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hey thanks for the follow-up. BAM had great performance as you highlighted, but the flows remain pretty anemic. Are you starting to see a shift, maybe in a pipeline of demand building there, as it seems like we're entering a longer-term period where that strategy should be more attractive?
Jon Gray: I think it takes time. We've been through a period where equity markets and fixed income markets were so good, that the idea that you would invest in a product where your downside was protected and you could produce solid returns, sort of regardless of market movements that wasn't really valued. And what I would say is, after these two quarters, I think clients are going to begin to recognize this, but it does take a bit of time. We're also working on some new products in that area, that we're not going to talk about today, but we think could help give some growth. But really flows follow performance. That's how it works. And so in the BAM business showing just how powerfully we can protect capital in an adverse environment I think that will resonate. I think, we will grow but it doesn't necessarily happen overnight.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Maybe just on the growth angle on the retail side. I think you mentioned you're continuing to focus on expanding those distribution partners. Can you talk about, which areas in particular? I know you're already very well-penetrated in the wire-houses. And I believe the private banks maybe there's a lot more to go there. But maybe talk about that and also the very large RIA market in the US? And also outside of the US, I believe there's an effort in Asia in particular and whether this can all be done with existing products, or does it rely outside the US on creating new retail products?
Jon Gray: So I think we're at a very early stage. When you look at -- even within the wire-houses when you say the largest firms were well-penetrated, we're still only minority, a small minority of the overall financial advisers in these systems. In the RIA channel, our penetration is very low. In the smaller IBD channel that's also low. In Europe and Asia Europe there are all regulatory and filing requirements, which we are steadily working our way through. Japan is a market that could have real scale. I would say, we are much closer to the beginning of this journey not only with these initial products, but also with the future products. And the customers are just experiencing these for the first time. If you went back in time 30 years ago to the alternative space and you were talking to an institution about private equity, it seems sort of new and exotic. Steve could comment on this. But we're now in a very different place today. And today institutions have 30% of their capital in private markets. I think individual investors, I don't know if it will go that far but from the low single digits there in, I think it can move meaningfully. Again this is where our brand and performance makes a huge difference. And so we're investing a lot in building out our capabilities. And I think over time we'll have more distribution partners and many more financial advisers and clients within these systems.
Brian Bedell: Thats great color. Thank you.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Allow me to hand it back to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks Ben. And Steve I think you had some remarks you wanted to make? 
Steve Schwarzman: Yeah, I've been quiet today because it's always fun to watch Jon and Michael answer questions. But there was an unanswered piece, I think from JPMorgan question about -- which is very well phrased. What's the, disconnect between what you as management think and sort of what we're seeing on the screen which is not such a happy day here. And I'll just tell you a story just to start out. I was in some place on Sunday and somebody walked up to me and he said, I'm a BREIT investor. In fact it's the biggest thing in my portfolio. And I love you people. This is so amazing. All of my friends are losing a fortune in the market. And I've been making money. This is a simple story. I've been listening to the BREIT discussion and Jon's laid out our wares pretty well, I think. But the reason we have optimism where apparently that's not broadly shared is that we're providing enormous value to people who are investors who remember it. And they appreciate the firm that builds our brand that helps us raise money. It helps us do our function which is to underwrite risk and put really good products out unlike other people where that isn't the case. And we're doing it throughout our asset classes. It's really exciting to be able to outperform markets by thousands of percent. And if you don't think that's a reason for optimism then I find that odd. And I think that's a base that we will be building upon. I would say one retail thing where we talked about if everybody put 100% of their portfolio in BREIT, they'd be the best performing broker in that large system. And so we take a lot of pride in what we do. And we do it carefully. And we've had really good results. In terms of other reasons for disconnect we sit with distributors who say to us I want you to be hugely bigger in my system. And they say -- when they say that they have the ability to do it. It's not a hope. These things are going to happen. And, so I think we have a sense of the future that obviously isn't shared by the market today, but I've been through this a lot of times. And at the end of the day, we prevail. And I don't think there's a reason to be particularly concerned about the long term, because in the long term we also have an amazing group of people at the firm. Truly astonishing group of people and that's how you build a business. And so when I ended my remarks, and said I thought we really do well over time, I didn't just do that as a throwaway line. And I think we have a terrific positioning. I think it's unique in the financial world and we're going to build on it and it's going to work out fine for everybody. So I just wanted to end on that, because I realize, there's a lot of individual questions. But when you step back and look at what's happening here $88 billion in the quarter, I mean, they are giant mutual fund complexes that are hemorrhaging. We're not hemorrhaging. I mean, there's a reason to have some balance here. We're going up in terms of our AUM, not like other famous companies that seem to go down. So I think if you unbundle, what you're thinking and step back and look at what's going to happen in our business over time I think there is an enormous reason for optimism as to what we will be building at end and providing for all of our customers. I apologize for that little speech. But I honestly believe it. And I wish you would.
End of Q&A:
Weston Tucker: Thank you, Steve. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning, and look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Thank you for joining everyone. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect. Please enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome everyone to the Blackstone First Quarter 2022 Investor Call hosted by Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. My name is Christophe and I am the event manager for today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to advise all parties that this conference is being recorded. And with that, I will hand it over to Weston. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you and good morning and welcome to Blackstones first quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. And for a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures and you will find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $2.5 billion. Distributable earnings were $1.9 billion or $1.55 per common share and we declared a dividend of $1.32 per share to be paid to holders of record as of May 2. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks a lot, Weston and good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported an exceptional start to the year, with the first quarter representing one of the two best in our 36-year history. This was despite increasing interest rates and ever higher inflation, driving major declines in equity and debt markets. Distributable earnings, as Weston mentioned, in the first quarter rose 63% this year over last year to $1.9 billion, while fee-related earnings increased 55% to $1.1 billion. Inflows, capital deployed and realizations all set new records for the firm for any 12-month period. Most importantly, our investment performance was outstanding, dramatically outperforming public indices. Another example of why alternative assets continue to grow rapidly in a risk-off world. These results are highly atypical in money management. But greater than the single quarter, they represent further proof-of-concept, Blackstones position in the financial sector, which I believe we are uniquely placed. So, what differentiates us? There are certain attributes that characterize a great financial firm, including strong investment performance over long periods of time, significant growth in assets while maintaining debt performance, the ability to continuously innovate, a trusted brand, loyalty from customers who themselves are healthy and growing, wide geographic and product reach, a distinctive high-performance culture, the ability to attract and keep great talent, and the capacity to identify and act upon paradigm shifts before others. It is rare even for a great firm to possess several of these pillars of success. At Blackstone, I believe we have demonstrated we have all of them. As the largest alternative manager in the world, we have built leading businesses across all of the major asset classes with uniformly outstanding returns. Our flagship strategies have significantly outperformed the comparable public indices, including 16% to 17% net returns annually, corporate private equity and global opportunistic real estate for three decades, leading the indices by approximately 5% to 9% per year. As we have grown larger, we have not sacrificed returns, quite the opposite, in fact. In the first quarter, while nearly every major asset class, outside commodities declined, our funds delivered strong performance. This is best highlighted on the one hand by our real estate business, our largest business, for superior sector and asset selection led to our flagship strategies, appreciating 8% to 10% just in the quarter compared to a 4% decline in the REIT index. On the other hand  sorry, on the other hand, in liquid markets, our hedge fund solutions delivered a positive composite return in the quarter compared to a 5% to 9% decline in the major global equity indices. Strong performance over decades has given us the confidence and ability to innovate. While most companies struggle to build a great business outside of their original success, innovation itself is a core competency at our firm. Today, we have approximately 60 strategies and we are constantly developing more, increasingly in the form of perpetual capital vehicles. As we deliver for our clients across more and more strategies, it deepens our relationships with them and creates a powerful network effect, leading to a greater share of wallet. Thats why our inflows reached $50 billion in the first quarter alone and $289 billion for the last 12 months. Over the past 3 years, our limited partners have entrusted us with $500 billion of inflows, which is greater than the total AUM, any other alternative firm. Above all else, people and reputation are the absolute necessities for finance success. At Blackstone, these are our most important assets and the foundation of everything we have been able to achieve. We have more talented people at the firm today than ever before, operating at the highest level of excellence. And we are reinvesting significantly in our capabilities and people in order to expand our leadership position in every area and further widen our competitive moat. As the gold standard in financial services, Blackstone is the magnet to the industrys best talent as evidenced by 35,000 unique applications for fewer and only 200 positions in our most recent analyst recruiting class. And we have also been named consistently as one of the Best Places to Work in finance. Taken together, these pillars of success are why Blackstone has continued to post strong results and why we have extraordinary forward momentum despite the current backdrop of rising rates and higher inflation. While no investment manager can be totally immune from these headwinds, we believe the unique balance of our firm and positioning of our portfolio will enable us to mitigate the adverse consequences of these factors. As we have highlighted previously, in our $200 billion corporate credit business, virtually all of our investments are in floating rate debt, which provides a better return for our customers as interest rates move higher. In our nearly $300 billion real estate business, approximately 80% of the equity portfolio in sectors, where rents in the U.S. are growing significantly in excess of the rate of inflation, owning hard assets has historically provided a strong hedge for inflation which favors our $27 billion infrastructure business as well. For our $125 billion corporate private equity platform, our operating companies grew a remarkable 20%  22% year-over-year in the first quarter partially benefiting from reopening tailwinds. While we are seeing the impact of inflation on some of our companies, which we expect to continue, we believe investing in companies with strong revenue growth is the best protection to generate outperformance in the future. And in our $83 billion hedge fund solutions platform, we expect volatile liquid markets to advantage our downside protected strategies, which we saw in the first quarter. Overall, the transformation of our firm continues, which we first outlined at our Investor Day in 2018, with our AUM rapidly shifting to its perpetual strategies and our earnings towards more recurring FRE. Over this 3.5-year period, perpetual AUM is up over 5x and annual FRE has more than tripled. This transformation makes us more resilient to market cycles and provides additional opportunities to create value for our limited partners. In closing, I have never been more pleased with the positioning of our firm or more optimistic about its prospects. Now, turn it over to our television star, Jon Gray.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve and good morning everyone. Its one thing for an investment firm to achieve strong results when markets are all going up. Its quite another to do so in a challenging environment like Q1. Over the past several years, we have been fortifying our business model to deliver for investors in good times and bad. This applies to the way we have deployed capital as well as the businesses we have entered. The power of that model was on full display in the first quarter. Starting with the portfolio and investment performance, we have been mindful of the prospect of rising interest rates and a normalization of market multiples for several years. This informed our investing, as Steve noted and we concentrated our deployment towards hard assets in the businesses where revenue could grow faster than inflationary pressures. These include global logistics, life sciences, rental housing, enterprise software, and digital and energy infrastructure. Today, we are benefiting from extraordinarily positive fundamentals in these areas and they remain significant drivers of appreciation in our funds. After the start of the pandemic, we also ramped up deployment in the travel sector, including investments in Born Leisure, Signature Aviation and Extended Stay Hotels, along with pending commitments for Crown Resorts, toll road operator, ASPI and Visa services firm, VFS. We are now seeing a robust recovery in global travel. The tremendous value of what we own today is further highlighted by our realization activity. Nowhere is that more apparent than in logistics, our largest investment team comprising 40% of the global real estate portfolio. We first started investing in this sector at scale in 2010 given the expected explosion in e-commerce. And today, we own approximately $170 billion of warehouses. We are also now seeing a surge in corporations increasing inventory holdings to mitigate supply chain issues. We have harvested gains along the way, including Encore in 2015 and Logicor in 2017, two of the firms most successful investments. And the largest realization in Q1 was the refinancing of a portion of our U.S. logistics portfolio. Moreover, in our European portfolio, we expect to complete the 21 billion recapitalization of Mileway, the largest last mile logistics platform on the continent in the next few weeks. We built this platform through 220 separate acquisitions over 5 years. After a fulsome market check process, the portfolio is being acquired by a new perpetual capital vehicle managed by Blackstone along with existing Core+ vehicles with an aggregate 10 billion of equity commitments. Turning to our business expansion, we have been talking about moving into more open waters in terms of broadening the clients we serve and the investments we can make. This expansion with an emphasis on perpetual strategies has made our business more durable in difficult markets. Last quarter, we highlighted four key engines of growth and I will briefly give you an update on each. In retail, investor demand for our products remained strong despite market headwinds. We have continued to raise a total of $4 billion to $5 billion per month of equity capital for our three retail perpetual vehicles: BREIT, BCRED and BEPIF, including the most recent monthly subscription on April 1. Investors recognize our products are well positioned for the inflationary environment ahead given BREITs focus on hard assets with short-duration leases, while BCRED is a floating rate vehicle with an average loan-to-value of 43%. BREIT more than doubled in size year-over-year to $63 billion, generating 5.8% appreciation in the first quarter. We have the most powerful brand in the retail channel and an enormous first-mover advantage, selling our products today through a broad network of distribution partners. We are in the early innings of our build-out in this vast and underpenetrated market. Our institutional perpetual capital platform also continues to grow rapidly, approaching the $100 billion milestone. In infrastructure, we raised $2.5 billion in the quarter and over $9 billion since reopening the vehicle in Q4, bringing the strategy to $27 billion. We have been actively deploying this capital and given the opportunity set and our performance, we expect this business to grow significantly over time. In real estate, our institutional BPP strategy grew 30% year-over-year to $66 billion with an additional step up coming this quarter from Mileway. Turning to insurance, AUM on this platform has more than doubled year-over-year to $155 billion. We believe we are uniquely positioned in our sector as an asset-light investment manager serving multiple insurance clients. We are focused on delivering for them and expect to find additional growth opportunities over time on a balance sheet-light basis. Moving to our drawdown funds, where we spent the last 36 years building what we believe is the best platform in the world. Last quarter, we highlighted moving into a new flagship fundraising cycle, targeting approximately $150 billion in aggregate. Despite the more crowded fundraising environment in the private equity area today, our confidence in this target remains extremely high. This is reflective of the strength of our brand, track record, the breadth of our platform and the geographic reach of our capital raising. In fact, we expect significant closings for our two largest flagships global real estate and corporate private equity in the next few months. Our third largest private equity secondaries has closed on $14 billion to-date and is on track to reach approximately $20 billion later this year, which would be the largest secondaries vehicle ever raised. Fundraising momentum has never been stronger at Blackstone. The firms breadth also positions us well to deploy capital as illustrated by the new  the nearly $150 billion invested over the past 12 months. Major new commitments in the first quarter were in some of our favorite neighborhoods: rental housing, logistics, life sciences and software. Looking forward, we have an active pipeline and the market volatility is creating opportunities, including several public company situations. Earlier this week, we announced a $13 billion total enterprise value take private of the largest student housing platform in the United States. And last week, in partnership with the Benetton family, we launched a tender offer to privatize Atlantia, one of the largest transportation infrastructure companies. In closing, we expect to move into a higher inflation, higher rate environment will create challenges, but the fundamentals at our firm remain exceptionally strong. Investors continue to look to alternatives and Blackstone in particular to deliver the investment solutions they need and we are building simple, repeatable, scalable businesses to serve them. For our shareholders, we continued to grow earnings rapidly while remaining true to our capital-light model. This has allowed us to return 100% of earnings over the past 4 years through dividends and share buybacks while keeping the share count flat and incurring virtually no net debt and no insurance liabilities. This highly attractive model gives us great confidence in the future. And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. Two key dynamics have underpinned the evolution of our business over the past several years. First, the development of an entire platform of perpetual capital strategies and the scaling of those strategies has fundamentally transformed the firms FRE trajectory. Second, the growing breadth of our business and ways to win overall is fueling an expansion of the firms store value and performance revenue potential. The net result is higher earnings, higher quality earnings and greater resiliency through market cycles. The firms outstanding first quarter results perfectly illustrate these dynamics. First, with respect to perpetual capital and FRE. Perpetual AUM more than doubled year-over-year to $338 billion across 18 vehicles. These strategies now comprise 43% of the firms fee-earning AUM and their impact on the repeatability of our capital metrics and earnings cant be overstated. In terms of capital metrics, over half of the firms record LTM inflows and record deployment was from perpetual strategies. It was only 4 years ago that we first surpassed $100 billion of inflows in a single year. The firm is now raising that or more from our perpetual strategies alone. Moreover, nearly all of these vehicles continuously fundraise, creating much more consistency of inflows from quarter-to-quarter. In terms of earnings, the perpetualization of our business is similarly driving a meaningful step-up in the magnitude and resiliency of earnings. As weve outlined before, these strategies generate management fees that compound with both inflows and NAV appreciation, which set a higher and higher baseline for fee revenues as we go. The combined fee earning AUM of four flagship perpetual capital strategies, BREIT, BPP, BCRED and our infrastructure platform, BIP, nearly doubled in the last 12 months to over $160 billion including a $27 billion increase from appreciation. In addition to NAV-based management fees, 10 of the firm perpetual vehicles generate fee-related performance revenues, which, by definition, crystallize on a recurring basis without asset sales. Importantly, in the first quarter, BREIT moved from its prior annual crystallization schedule occurring in the fourth quarter of each year to a quarterly crystallization similar to BCRED. The combination of these factors and the exceptional range of growth engines firing across the firm overall is powering continued robust increases in total fee revenues and FRE. Management fees rose 25% year-over-year to a record $1.5 billion. Fee-related performance revenues more than tripled year-over-year to $558 million. And even if you were to adjust the prior period for the BREIT change, they more than doubled. FRE rose 55% year-over-year to $1.1 billion in the quarter or $0.95 per share. We are now approaching a quarterly run rate of $1 per share in this high-quality earnings stream, which is in the area of full year FRE at the time of our Investor Day. Moving to performance revenues and the growing store of value, in the first quarter, net realizations increased 73% year-over-year to nearly $1 billion. Fund realizations reached a record $23 billion and included the refinancing of our U.S. logistics portfolio, the partial sale of fin-tech company, IntraFi, and the monetization of stakes in various private and public holdings across the firm. The dramatic expansion in the number and scale of the firm strategies and commensurate increase in aggregate deployment has led to a record $481 billion of performance revenue eligible value in the ground, up 50% year-over-year. At the same time, sustained investment outperformance across the platform on this growing base of invested capital, has driven a continued expansion of the firms store value. In the first quarter, $1.9 billion of net performance revenues lifted the balance sheet receivable 9% sequentially to $9.5 billion or nearly $8 per share, the highest level in our history. On a year-over-year basis, the receivable increased to 84%, notwithstanding $4.3 billion of net realized distributions. Taken together, remarkable growth in both FRE and net realizations drove a 63% year-over-year increase in distributable earnings in the first quarter to $1.9 billion or $1.55 per share. For the LTM period, DE reached $5.36 per share, a record for any 12 months in our history. Looking forward, strong FRE momentum, coupled with a robust near-term realization pipeline, give us great confidence in the outlook. In closing, Ill go back to where I started with the ongoing transformation of the firm. We are on a path characterized by rising AUM milestones, a path to $1 trillion this year and ultimately well beyond with commensurate significant elevation in earnings power and earnings quality each step of the way. We have four robust growth engines driving us forward. And in all of them, we continue to deliver outstanding results and have the full support of our LPs. Despite the uncertainties of todays world, we feel great about Blackstones future. With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Michael. [Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. Glenn, please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, thank you. My gut is you have about 50 billion answers to this, but there is been plenty of conversation for the industry that LPs have some cash flow constraints as recent vintages, money was put to work at like a record pace. And now there is less exit so cash flow coming back to them. So that  logic would say that would either elongate capital raises, reduce capital raise, make LPs choose. Clearly, it didnt affect you, but I wonder if you could talk to that issue in the market. Thanks.
Jon Gray: So Glenn, thats a really good question. By the way, I would point out another factor in the private equity challenge is just how well the sector has done. And so the appreciation has meant also that they are above their targets. But I guess Id start with the comments from the remarks. As you heard, our fundraising momentum has never been stronger. And I guess I would point to a couple of things as to why this is the case. First off, in general, there is this continued movement into alternatives. It has not stopped. And these challenges you described are more focused, I would say, in the private equity market and amongst U.S. pension funds. I think for us, what weve got is this really great reservoir of goodwill from our clients because weve delivered performance over a long period of time. Were also raising capital very broadly at Blackstone in real estate, in secondaries, in credit, in infrastructure, in life sciences growth, and that platform helped. We also raised capital all over the world. So not just in the U.S., in Europe, in Asia, in the Middle East, and we also raised capital not just from institutional clients but also from retail clients, insurance clients, and we have both drawdown funds and perpetual funds. And then the other point Id make is lots of our products are really well positioned for the environment were going into, which would be, if you think about owning hard assets like infrastructure, real estate, owning floating rate debt, like we do in our direct lending platform, thats really attractive. What I would really say, and this applies even in the most challenged sectors like corporate private equity and growth, the goodwill that we have from our customers is very strong. And thats why we believe the vintages of our  both our next private equity fund and our next growth fund will be larger than the previous despite this challenging environment.
Glenn Schorr: Alright. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Steve, Jon, Michael. Hope you all doing well.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: We have a big picture question on FRE. The macro backdrop has changed a lot since 4Q. We have higher inflation, less economic growth and an emerging denominator effect with institutional allocations, which Jon, you just referenced in the last response. How has all of this impacted your fee-related earnings growth trajectory, if at all?
Michael Chae: Thanks, Craig, and nice to hear from you in your new spot. I think the headline here, Craig, is notwithstanding the backdrop, which is dynamic, the structural and fundamental upward trajectory were on as it relates to FRE just continues to be robust. And Id sort of step back and say looking forward, this year and the years beyond, were really looking at sort of a one-two punch in a good way. And that is the continued scaling of perpetual capital strategies; and second, the cycle of flagship fundraising, the $150 billion across 18 strategies that Jon referenced. So if you take those sort of one at a time. In perpetual capital which is really in 2022, kind of the main event on FRE growth. In the first quarter, and we mentioned this in different ways, we had almost $300 billion of fee-earning AUM in perpetual capital. Thats up 124% year-over-year. And in that, BREIT, BPP, infrastructure, BCRED area, those four sort of flagship funds almost double year-over-year. And we will also have the full year effect of the insurance partnerships that we entered into in Q4 for the full year. So what you have right now, lets call it a doubling of that base of fee-earning AUM in perpetual, we expect that to continue to scale as we add platforms as we obviously fund raise continuously in many of these areas and with appreciation and income. And so that is a really significant story for this year and beyond. Second, on the drawdown side, as Jon mentioned, as we mentioned, that flagship fundraising cycle over the next 12 to 18 months, which in aggregate, that $150 billion, which weve expressed great confidence in achieving. That will be, as we said, I think, last quarter, about 25% larger than the predecessor funds before them. So that, from a timing standpoint, between fee holidays, the pace of fundraising and when we actually like the funds and start investing them, as you know, thats not so much a 2022 event as a 2023 and 24 event, but that is coming. That is structural. So those two things are really powerful, really powerful one-two punch, I would call it, but the punches sort of repeat themselves. They are not one-time events. And even though in any given quarter, some subsection of FRE, as we all know, is mathematically affected by NAV, in some cases, and fundraising in a given quarter. The underlying trajectory and the fundamentals are very, very positive.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: The next question is coming from Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein: Good morning. Thanks everybody. sI was hoping we could talk for a couple of minutes about opportunities you guys might see to recycle assets from some of the opportunistic strategies into core and perpetual strategies like you potentially could do with Mileway in Europe. I think, Jon, I think you mentioned its about a 10 billion commitment in equities from other LPs in a separate account kind of format. So, its a compelling transaction, obviously, to crystallize the gains, but more importantly, create additional perpetual of our stream. How are you thinking about that across both real estate and private equity? Are there other opportunities like that on the supply side? And I guess on the demand side from a structure, how is the demand from LPs for these type of vehicles, kind of a single asset SMAs? Thanks.
Jon Gray: So Alex, what I would say about this is the first order of business for us is to deliver maximum returns for our investors in those strategies in private equity and real estate private equity. And whats nice about these outcomes for them is if we do it, they are able to get all cash as opposed to doing a listing and waiting a number of years to get out and the overhang issues. Thats, I think, really important. We also have done, on all of these, some level of market check. Weve done just a handful of these because we do think that its really only for special long-term assets, but the process has to be handled in the right way, thats something really important to us. What I would say is I think the interest from investors is high if its in the right segment. So its got to be something like life science offices, last-mile European logistics. So in those cases, its very big platforms that are hard to exit other than through the public markets. And then on the buy side, there are investments where our clients want to be invested long-term. The other positive for the existing investors is they roll over. And in these, weve done, the existing investors has ended up being the majority investor. So I would say its an opportunity but its selective. Its for very large platforms that are harder to exit from and also are long-term attractive for new investors who want to deploy capital or the existing investors.
Alexander Blostein: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to come back to a point that Steve made about paradigm shifts and a point that Jon made about moving into higher inflation environment creating challenges. So I guess the question is just curious what paradigm shifts youre seeing take hold today in the midst of rising rates, inflation, supply chain challenges, geopolitics and the return of great power complex. What are the implications that you see for investing from all of that? What new risks and challenges does that create? And if you could talk a little bit about how you are evolving and positioning Blackstone to capitalize on all of that, but also manage through what appears to be a higher risk environment.
Jon Gray: Thats a big question, Mike. But let me take a shot at it. I think, as you know, weve been talking about inflation for a long time. We were actually talking about rising rates, even pre-COVID period. Certainly, weve been talking about it more for the last 15 months with concerns about inflation. And so this is something were really mindful of. If you think about overall investing, there are only two things that drive asset prices higher, its either rising cash flows or rising multiples. And in an inflationary rising rate environment, multiples tend not to go up. And so the importance of owning things where cash flow will grow is super important. And so if you look at our portfolio in the quarter, it was not a coincidence, as Steve laid out why we performed well and better than the market. In credit, weve really focused on floating rate debt. In real estate, 80% of our portfolio is in sectors with really good fundamentals and short-duration leases. In private equity, weve made big focus in areas like travel, technology, energy infrastructure that have done quite well. And in infrastructure itself, its been energy, transportation and digital infrastructure, hard assets with pricing power. And so to us, you have to think about how you deploy capital in this changing environment. And particularly, if you think about the retail channel, what were doing there, its very reflective of that. The two main products are really positioned to be inflation-protection products. In BREIT, what you have is logistics and rental housing representing more than 80% of the portfolio. And in BCRED, youre 99% floating rate debt. So as the Fed raises rates, you get to reprice. So I think you have to assume that we are in a higher inflationary environment, that rates will be moving higher. But in that environment, if you can own businesses where cash flows can reset higher and outrun that inflation, you can still deliver positive performance. Thats what weve been doing. Thats what we will continue to do. And if you look at the big deals that weve done since the beginning of the year, be it the casino deal in Australia, last-mile logistics in Europe, transportation infrastructure in Europe, student housing this week in the U.S., they all fall into that bucket. We are mindful of cost, focused on good fundamentals and not owning fixed income-oriented assets or businesses without pricing power and a lot of exposure to input costs. So this is clearly, as an investment firm, top of mind for us. It has been for a while. I think thats why we performed so well. And back to the earlier question about fundraising, when you perform well in this business, it leads to flows, which is why we always talk about performance first.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Gerald OHara from Jefferies. Gerald, please go ahead.
Gerald OHara: Great. Thank you. So perhaps a question on retail investment in hiring in this kind of this sector has clearly been a theme across the peer set, and Blackstone has clearly been out ahead on this opportunity. But perhaps you can give us a little bit of an update on how youre thinking about this strategically and sort of what investments might still be out there on a go-forward basis. Thank you.
Jon Gray: Sure. So what I would say on retail is we really entered this space, as you know, much earlier than others. And having a first-mover advantage is really important. I also would say the brand, which I think is sometimes hard financially to analyze the value and power of the brand, but in a channel like this, the Blackstone brand means a lot. So what we did was design products. Weve been selling drawdown funds into this channel for a long time. But in the last 5 years plus, we moved to these perpetual products that provided 1099s on the tax front, greater yield, greater liquidity, and we brought the cost down pretty significantly. People havent really focused much on that. But retail customers, generally, when they were exposed to alternatives were charged much, much higher than institutional clients. And it generally ended up with the investors taking too much risk to get over what they were charging and the outcome was poor for investors. And we really changed that, bring Blackstone quality and institutional sort of pricing to individual customers and create products that work. And what thats led to is really great performance. In the case of the individual products we have and weve gotten on the shelf. And I would point out, unlike the institutional market where there can be thousands of private equity managers its more challenging for our distribution partners. They really want to work with two or three different products in this segment, and we expect to be on the shelf for each of these. And that is all why I think today, were running at about 10x our nearest competitor in terms of monthly sales. So were obviously operating in a different space today. We acknowledge we compete with some amazing firms. Were sure they are going to come up with products. But if we continue to deliver given the strength of what weve invested in, our push globally, by the end of the year, we will have 300 dedicated people in private wealth. And the products that we can create, given the scale of our platform, I think there is more to do. We have just started with our European real estate platform. I think there are other spaces we could move into, but it all starts and ends with performance. We have to create products that work. If we do that, we can deliver for these customers. And I would just say, overall, this is an $80 trillion market that I think is 1% penetrated in alts today. It feels to us like a very large market, and we are in a unique position today to capitalize on that.
Steve Schwarzman: The other thing I would add to that, we have been doing this for 10 years. It sort of leaves us alone. And the reason why thats important, its more than just having a product, its how you deliver it to these large sales forces and how you have an organization thats coherent, that can service individual comments and questions that owners have, which is really important in that channel. And we have done a huge amount of what we call the X universities teaching individual FAs at all of the major institutions, how these products work and why they should have confidence in it. And we are the source of that kind of information, its turned out to be a fantastic asset allocation for them and so sort of 10 years of good works basically alone in the whole alternative business now enabling us to adequately expand what we are doing with the current product site. So, I think as you think through where people are positioned, in this, there is a reason of supplementing what Jon said in terms of the great performance by why people turn to us, its not like foreign exchange trader bidding for rate that it just sort of moves and happens, long time to develop this type of trust with customers. Thank you.
Gerald OHara: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Hi, great. Thanks. Good morning folks. Maybe just to stay on the retail theme, a two-part question. The first, Michael, I think you were talking about the re-crystallization of BREIT to a quarterly level. If I heard you right, I think there were 10 vehicles within that perpetual capital base overall, and correct me if I am wrong, at $160 billion of AUM. And the question is, are they all on a quarterly crystallization or are there still some more vehicles to change? And then the second part of the question on that retail theme broadly is can this become a much larger asset class of funds in this quarterly performance fee style? And I believe you are working on a retail private equity product as well that will have some liquidity features. So, I just wanted to get an update on that, if thats coming soon.
Michael Chae: Brian, on the first part, the $160 billion actually referred only to those four sort of flagship products, BREIT, BPP, BIP and BCRED, perpetual capital overall, as we mentioned, $330 billion of AUM. BREIT and BCRED and some other direct lending products are sort of the main ones with a quarterly crystallization now. And thats obviously where the biggest growth trajectory has been. Funds like BPP and BIP maintain sort of those every 3-year to 5-year anniversaries around the crystallization.
Jon Gray: The only thing I would add to that is as we raise more of those, they almost  its like a layering of a cake. So, you will see more and more of those institutional ones coming along in each quarter. Its probably going to be a little trickier to model as we build more and more of these products over time. So, in the retail area, I think this is a pretty substantive change we have made that allow for BREIT to be paid quarterly.
Michael Chae: Yes. And I would say this move is just stepping back, a big positive, and I think will make us less tricky to model around this important area.
Brian Bedell: Right, yes. And then on the private equity side on retail?
Jon Gray: On the private equity side, what I would say is we are not ready to comment on that publicly. Its obviously an area where investors would like more exposure, individual investors. I think the idea, if you did something would be to create something broad-based that included the whole range of sort of private equity P, E, including secondaries, more structured equity growth and having a really broad platform, I think would be helpful. But at this point, we dont have anything to say. Hopefully, in the future over this year, we will have something to talk about.
Brian Bedell: Got it. Great. Thanks very much.
Jon Gray: Thanks Brian.
Operator: The next question is coming from Robert Lee from KBW. Robert, please go ahead.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for your patience for taking my question. So, I guess this is really mainly for Michael, but maybe its getting a little bit in the weeds, but on the BREIT recast of the crystallization of quarterly, is there like high watermarks or anything that we should be kind of thinking about as we model it going forward that such extraordinary performance in Q1 is up almost 8%, next quarters more subdued? Just trying to think that through. And then second part, maybe if there is any color you could maybe provide if we think about the MileWay impact, Atlantia, how we should think about that maybe from a financial or FRE impact?
Michael Chae: Yes. Rob, first on the BREIT change and really asking about mechanics, I mean overall, its the same terms as we have started with from inception, the same annual hurdle rate. Its just now just calculated still annually, but crystallized quarterly. So  and from a mechanical standpoint, in the sort of unlikely or uncommon event that on an intra-year basis, performance fees that are crystallized quarterly, but not ultimately earned against the annual calculations. Then the  that initial crystallation map will be recouped by investors through an offset to future performance fees with a long period of time to do that. So  but the bottom line is from a sort of economic standpoint and a preferred return standpoint, same terms as before on an annual basis.
Robert Lee: Great. And then maybe just second part was if there is any way to kind of think of quantifying the MileWay, Atlantia kind of net impact going forward?
Michael Chae: Yes. I think on individual deals, Rob, we stay away from that. Obviously, should both deals happen, the  on day one, the NAV will reflect the equity invested by our LPs and our funds in both those deals and as perpetual capital will add to the fee-earning AUM.
Robert Lee: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is coming from Adam Beatty from UBS. Adam, please go ahead.
Adam Beatty: Thank you and good morning. I wanted to ask about the secondaries business. Obviously, strong overall momentum and you just did some more fundraising. An earlier question, you talked about potential liquidity constraints among LPs. And I was just wondering if maybe thats even had the effect of accelerating some activity around secondaries or if you would expect it to do so in the future? And then maybe overall on the mix of GP versus LP-led secondaries and whether thats changing at all? Thank you.
Jon Gray: You are right. In your question, Adam, what we are seeing is LPs who want to stick with managers, but maybe over their allocation targets because of strong performance in private equity saying, I am going to sell some of my older vintage private equity funds, and we have seen an acceleration of deal flow in the secondaries market, which is why having a large fund for Vern Perry and our team in secondaries is very important. We like the space because as alternatives grow, the need for liquidity grows. And its a difficult business to invest in. You need a lot of knowledge, particularly once you move beyond the 10 or 20 largest funds. And so we think the dynamic for investors is quite favorable. In terms of the mix of GP/LP-led, clearly, now there are more GP-led deals than there were in the past. We expect that to continue. We have raised and are in the process of raising a small GP-led fund that will co-invest with our main secondaries private equity fund. And we think thats an interesting area as well. And so I think its, again, one of the great strengths of our firm that in an environment where there may be some headwinds around private equity fundraising, it benefits another part of our firm, our secondaries business which has, again, delivered really great performance over time because of the structural inefficiencies in the market. So, this is a business unit that I think has a lot of growth potential for us.
Adam Beatty: Excellent. Thank you. Much appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous. Patrick, your line is now open.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Insurance regulators are increasingly focused on the relationship between alternative managers and insurance companies, potential conflicts of interest, and I think making sure the assets are getting the proper capital treatment. Some observers have suggested that an outcome of these reviews could be a requirement of more skin in the game for the managers, particularly those that arent consolidated with their insurance counterparties. So first, what is your position on this focus? Do you think there is a risk that regulators will require more skin in the game? And last, would you be willing to reevaluate the balance sheet-light approach if that is the outcome?
Jon Gray: What I would say on this is we are an investment manager. And when I look at the regulatory framework, being a third-party investment manager, there is a long history of that in the insurance business. If you look at large firms like BlackRock, PIMCO, Goldman Sachs, they manage enormous amounts of capital for insurance companies. And I dont foresee regulators requiring that they essentially make investments in order to be investment managers. So, from our standpoint, as a third-party investment manager, we think the relationship is sound. In some cases, we do have minority investments here. But we think the framework that has worked over a long time for insurance company, third-party managers, should work going forward. And so I dont really see  and by the way, I would not envision a world, just a short answer, on us becoming balance sheet-heavy and taking on hundreds of billions of insurance liabilities. Thats not something we would be willing to do.
Michael Chae: And I would just add  its Michael, I would add on to that further and stepping back. We feel even better about our third-party asset-light approach to the insurance opportunity than ever. And I would say, including in the context of appropriate regulatory focus on this area. And we have arms length arrangements, contracts with very large sophisticated great partners in this area. And in the industry overall, what you are seeing increasingly in life and annuities is a recognition that the asset management capability part of the equation is essential to having  to being competitive in the marketplace day-to-day. So, in that context, in that environment, we feel like we are a terrific competitor, a great solution provider for these clients.
Patrick Davitt: It makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is coming from Brian McKenna from JMP Securities. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian McKenna: Thanks. Good morning everyone. And just a follow-up on the secondaries business, I am curious how much of the business is tied to private equity specifically? And then whats the opportunity longer term to further expand into additional asset classes?
Jon Gray: Today, I would say its about 80% of our business. We have got a real estate secondaries business. We have an infrastructure secondaries business. I think both of those areas have the opportunity to grow over time. There are sectors that are tougher credit because you dont end up having longer duration vintages. But you could see in areas like growth, more of this continuation activity grow over time. But the main event today is primarily in private equity, and I dont really envision that changing. But these other areas will grow, I think as well as those markets grow.
Brian McKenna: Got it. Thanks Jon.
Operator: The next question is coming from Bill Katz from Citigroup. Bill, please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the questions this morning. Most have been asked and answered. But just circling back to maybe retail, just two-part question one tactical, one structural. In terms of BREIT, the move to the quarterly crystallization, how should we think about any kind of shift in the comp payout or FRE margin? And the bigger picture is, I certainly appreciate you have a dominant and early-mover advantage here. Are you seeing any pricing pressure at the product level given a ramp of competition? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Yes, Bill, the short answer on your first question, we dont see any shift in that in relation to this quarterly change.
Jon Gray: And the second question was on pricing pressure. I would say the short answer is, particularly on our established products, no, we dont. Where we have gotten to, how we are delivering for financial advisors and their clients is greatly valued. Its possible over time in newer products, there will be a little more competition. But I think this again is the power of the Blackstone brand, something that I think I would just emphasize is underestimated. And it allows us to do things to be a capital-light manager and insurance to access the retail channel in a very cost-efficient way. The fact that the world wants to invest with Blackstone products is very helpful for us. And I think its a powerful reason why you see us growing at this very rapid rate.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Finian OShea from Wells Fargo Securities. Finian, please go ahead.
Finian OShea: Hi. Good morning. A question on platform reinvestment and the growth of BCRED. Can you talk about how you are expanding your direct lending origination opportunity set? And if you see yourself going beyond middle market sponsor finance.
Jon Gray: So, we have grown our direct lending capabilities quite a bit in the last couple of years as BCRED has grown. We also have BXSL, a public BDC that has  is a source of capital. We have certainly moved beyond middle market. I think in the quarter, we committed as part of groups to seven deals that were $1 billion or more direct lending. The greatest area for strength for us is in some of the good neighborhoods, we really like some of the faster-growing technology companies who have a lot of enterprise value, but maybe not as much trailing EBITDA. And so we can use our capabilities of underwriting companies and get comfortable lending given the strength of an enterprise software business. I also think the current market plays well to direct lending platforms. When markets become more volatile, financial institutions who are really important, but because they are in the moving business, they need to give the borrowers off and say, Hey, look, I need a lot of flex pricing because I dont know where the market is today. As a direct lender, you can offer certainty to a borrower. And in an environment like that, it becomes really important. So, I do think you will see us continue to write larger and larger checks. And I think BCRED offer something very valuable to the borrowers and something very compelling to the investors, which is why we think this momentum will continue.
Finian OShea: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our final question is coming from Rufus Hone from BMO. Rufus, please go ahead.
Rufus Hone: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the private wealth business and the FRE margin. Clearly, you have invested a lot in the product and distribution over the last decade and continue to do so. I was curious about the margin profile of this business now that its grown to around $200 billion of AUM. Is it now accretive to your FRE margin, or is retail still a drag on your margins? And as retail becomes a larger piece of the business, is this going to provide long-term upside to your FRE margin? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Yes. Rufus, I think you really have to think about it holistically. And the margins we show in our businesses are reflected and burdened by the investment, the substantial investment we have made over the years in our PWS distribution capabilities. And so it is overall a very much profitable, healthy margin endeavor. And I think the overall  I think when you look holistically at the trajectory of the margin to the firm, which are up 1,000 basis points over the last 6 years or 7 years, a big driver of that is this effort.
Rufus Hone: Great.
Michael Chae: Thanks Rufus.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, I would like to hand it back to Weston Tucker for some closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2021 Investor Call hosted by Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. My name is Leslie, and Im the event manager. [Operator Instructions] Id like to advise all parties that the conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And now Id like to hand you over to your host for today, Weston. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker : Terrific. Thanks, Leslie. And good morning and welcome to Blackstones Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, and youll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also please note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. On results, we reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $2.9 billion. Distributable earnings were $2.3 billion or $1.71 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $1.45 to be paid to holders of record as of February 7. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you, Weston. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Today, Blackstone reported the most remarkable results in our history on virtually every metric. Distributable earnings rose 55% to $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter and increased 85% to $6.2 billion for the year. Investment performance was exceptional, including over 40% appreciation in our opportunistic real estate and corporate private equity funds for 2021. And we raised $270 billion of inflows, over $0.25 trillion in one year, lifting assets under management by 42% to $881 billion. No other alternative firm in the world has approached this level of absolute growth in a single year. We told you in the second quarter that it was the most consequential in our history. That assertion was not based on short-term results. It was reflective of the sea change underway in asset management and our positioning within it, which is now playing out even more powerfully than we had previously anticipated. Capital flows continue to shift towards two ends of a barbell: on one side to low-cost passive funds; on the other side, flows are accelerating towards alternatives, a trend benefiting numerous firms in our industry, but none more profoundly than Blackstone. In the world of alternatives, Blackstone is clear choice for Global Limited Partners looking to invest in the asset class, whether its a retail distributor or an institutional investor that needs to deploy billions of dollars across the capital structure. Today, we offer nearly 60 investment strategies, up from 35 five years ago. We have the deepest menu of available products with compelling performance across our platform and the largest flow of investment activity in the world. The result is a powerful network effect. Our customers are constantly in our store and our shelves are full, which results in Blackstone gaining a huge percentage of repeat business and a high likelihood it will choose our new products as well. This network effect extends to new platforms that we launch. Our LPs know that when we launch a new product, its with the intention of building the highest-quality business and that our scale and reach can have an extraordinarily positive effect for them. For example, the clean energy transition has been a major investment theme across the firm for several years, and we are already one of the largest providers of private credit in this area. Last week, we launched a sustainable resources platform to pull together the full breadth of the firms resources. We see an opportunity to invest $100 billion in support of energy transition and climate change solutions over the next decade. Blackstone intends to be a global leader in investing and a force for good in this critically important area. Across the firm, we are exceptionally well positioned to continue growing in a way that is unprecedented in the alternative asset class, and I couldnt be more confident in our momentum despite the significant correction underway in the global markets. The average stock in the S&P has declined 17% from its recent peak, while the average NASDAQ stock is down 44%. The alternative manager stocks have not been immune to these pressures. And weve noted investor concerns around the impact of inflation, the prospect of rising interest rates and the ability to continue raising capital. I believe the tremendous balance of our firm and the careful design of our portfolio will once again allow us to not only navigate this environment, but to thrive in it as we have for 36 years. In our $280 billion real estate business, which generated nearly half of our earnings last year, over 70% of the equity portfolio is in the best areas: logistics, rental housing and life sciences office. Leases in this portfolio are shorter duration with the ability to reprice as we move through the inflationary period. Importantly, in the United States, were now seeing rents in these sectors grow at two to three times the rate of inflation. And as the cost of new construction rises with inflation, it greatly benefits the value of our existing holdings. In corporate private equity, our portfolio is also well positioned for inflation. Our holdings are concentrated in areas with strong secular growth that are more resilient to rising input costs. Our operating companies reported 23% year-over-year growth in revenues in the fourth quarter. Thats really stunning, 23% revenues. And two-thirds saw margin expansion in the year in our nearly $200 billion corporate credit business. As interest rates move higher in response to inflation, we expect our returns to benefit. The vast majority of our investments in corporate credit are in floating rate debt, which helps protect capital and provides a better and better return as base rates increase. And while higher rates can be a headwind for liquid markets, with $136 billion of dry capital  dry powder capital across the firm, we can move quickly to invest when pricing becomes more favorable. From a fundraising perspective, I expect our strong momentum to continue in the current environment. In the institutional channel, LPs are increasing their allocations to alternatives. In fact, 80% of LPs according to a recent survey by Preqin. In most cases, they are concentrating capital with fewer managers, which favors Blackstone. In the retail channel, individuals in the U.S. have accumulated $2.8 trillion of excess savings since the start of the pandemic. Our perpetual products in real estate and credit are uniquely designed with inflation in mind to protect capital and generate substantial current income. In total, we raised $50 billion of equity capital in this channel last year. And despite the uncertainty in the markets, financial advisers have very high confidence in the attractiveness of our products. I have personally lived through many cycles here at Blackstone in the past 36 years. And each time, our firm has come out stronger than before. Markets often overcorrect in a way that is disconnected from fundamentals. When you look at our firms progression, including todays exceptional results, it should be clear that the fundamentals of Blackstone are dramatically accelerating. Weve been telling you for years about these powerful trends, and what weve told you has come true. At our Investor Day a little over three years ago, we shared our vision of reaching $1 trillion of AUM in eight years. We now believe we will reach $1 trillion of AUM this year, in half the time we predicted. Weve nearly tripled annual FRE and doubled DE over this period. Our profit margins have continued to expand and today are three times higher than the median of the largest 100 U.S. public companies. Blackstone has an unrivaled position in our industry. Our prospects are extraordinary. We have the most recognized brand, which has been continually reinforced through market cycles. Our firm is regularly acknowledged by third parties for the strength of our franchise, including by Morgan Stanley who has repeatedly selected us as one of the 30 best companies in any industry. And our unique culture continues to set us apart, characterized by the highest standards of excellence and integrity, unwavering dedication to our clients, new product innovation and a commitment to preserve capital. In closing, as we move into 2022, market landscape will undoubtedly present challenges, but it will also provide opportunities that we are very well positioned to capitalize upon. The firm has never been in a stronger position. Every part of our business has ambitious plans, remarkable momentum and an unquestionable will to win. I have never had deeper confidence in our future and pride in our people. Thank you for your support. With that, Ill turn it over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. It was another tremendous quarter for Blackstone and our investors, highlighted by extraordinary growth. AUM increased $150 billion in three months, the equivalent of a top 10 global alternatives firm, as we continue to expand the platform with a significant focus on perpetual capital strategies. This is driving a meaningful step-up in the growth and quality of our earnings, with both distributable earnings and FRE reaching record levels for the quarter and year. Weve achieved these results while sticking to our model managing third-party capital, relying on our brand and track record to grow. With minimal net debt, no insurance liabilities, we have no need to retain capital and have been able to return 100% of earnings to shareholders. Of course, the foundation of our business remains investment performance, and our funds posted outstanding returns in 2021. We continue to benefit from our thematic approach to deployment, emphasizing faster-growing areas of the economy, which were again the largest drivers of appreciation in our funds. Nowhere is that more apparent than in real estate, which led the firms returns in the fourth quarter. In my 30-year career, Ive never seen real estate fundamentals in the sectors where we are focused as strong as they are today. The strength of our returns powers the Blackstone innovation machine, allowing us to expand who we serve and where we can invest. 10 years ago, our business primarily consisted of episodic drawdown funds, pursuing opportunistic returns. While this remains a terrific and vital business to us, weve added three more engines, all growing rapidly. Ill briefly touch on all four. Starting with retail. Investor demand for institutional-quality income solutions, coupled with the Blackstone brand, is a potent combination. We raised over $13 billion of equity capital in the fourth quarter across three products: BREIT, BCRED and BPIF, the equivalent of a large drawdown fund every quarter. BREIT more than doubled last year to $54 billion of NAV on the back of exceptional performance, generating a 30% net return and was the largest contributor to earnings in the quarter. Moving to our institutional perpetual funds. This evergreen platform is approaching and should surpass the $100 billion milestone this year. There is significant investor demand for long-dated strategies that compound in value. In infrastructure, we reopened new capital in the fourth quarter, raising nearly $7 billion and bringing the strategy to $23 billion of perpetual capital after only four years. A few weeks ago, we announced a $3 billion investment in Invenergy, the largest private renewables company in North America. In real estate, we talk a lot about BREIT, but dont forget the power of our institutional Core+ strategy, BPP, which grew over 30% last year to $61 billion. Turning to our drawdown funds. Given the strong pace of deployment across the firm, were now moving into a new flagship fundraising cycle. Over the next 18 months, we expect to have launched and substantially complete fundraising for nearly all of the firms major drawdown strategies, 17 funds targeting approximately $150 billion in aggregate, reflecting a 25% increase over the prior cycle. We expect to start raising our two largest flagships, global real estate and corporate private equity, this quarter. Our third-largest private equity secondaries launched in the fourth quarter, raising $13 billion in Q4 and is on track to reach approximately $20 billion, which would be the largest secondaries vehicle ever raised. Other vehicles in this pipeline include real estate Asia, real estate Europe, real estate credit, private equity energy, growth equity, tactical opportunities, real estate and infrastructure secondaries, SPs GP continuation strategy, European credit, clean energy credit, BAAM ceding and stake strategies, and life sciences. The breadth of the firm today is truly remarkable. Finally, in insurance, our business more than doubled last year to approximately $160 billion with the closing of the AIG and Everlake mandates. AIG has committed an additional $42 billion, and we expect to find additional growth opportunities in this area over time on a capital-light basis. Together, these four engines helped drive total inflows of $155 billion in the fourth quarter and $270 billion for the year. This expansion has also opened up many new avenues to invest. And the fourth quarter was our busiest ever, with $66 billion deployed and an additional $19 billion committed to pending transactions. The largest new commitments were in some of our favorite secular neighborhoods, including renewables, rental housing, logistics and content creation. In closing, when we look at whats in front of us and our momentum in four distinct verticals. We could not be more excited about the future. We believe it is a mistake to underestimate the power of this brand and the potential of this business. And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Over the past several years, weve been highlighting transformation of the firms capital base and earnings power with a focus on three important dynamics. First, that sustained robust AUM growth and the scaling of perpetual strategies would accelerate fee-related earnings. Second, that our growing breadth of funds and investment firepower, combined with strong returns on greater deployed capital, would expand the firms store value and performance revenue potential. And third, that we would grow in a capital-light way with a definitive focus on delivering value to shareholders. The firms record results are a perfect reflection of these dynamics at work. First, with respect to FRE, which reached $1.8 billion in the fourth quarter and rose a remarkable 71% for the year to $4.1 billion or $3.37 per share. It was only a year ago that we effectively hit our Investor Day target of $2 per share. And since then, AUM is up 42%, fee-earning AUM is up 38%, and perpetual capital AUM more than doubled to $313 billion across 18 separate vehicles. Perpetual strategies now comprise 42% of the firms fee-earning AUM, and their growth in number and scale is contributing to FRE in two important ways: management fees that compound with accelerating inflows and appreciation in NAV, and fee-related performance revenues that crystallize on a recurring basis without asset sales. In total, management fees rose 26% for the year to $5.2 billion. Fee-related performance revenues increased more than fivefold to $2 billion driven by BREIT, which crystallizes these revenues annually in 4Q, along with a significant contribution for the BPP funds; the direct lending platform in credit; and in the fourth quarter, infrastructure. The combination of 60% year-over-year growth in total fee revenues and the firms robust margin position drove FRE margins to 56.3% for the year, the highest level ever. Looking forward, the outlook for FRE is strong. In the context of the forward growth verticals that Jon discussed, across three of them, the majority of capital is perpetual with a significant and compounding financial contribution that I described. Combined NAV of BREIT and BCRED alone tripled in 2021, setting a higher baseline for fee revenue entering the year. Alongside that, we expect to see a material future benefit from the upcoming flagship fundraising cycle, with $150 billion targeted to be raised and respective investment periods activated over time. Moving to performance revenues and the growing store value. Net realizations more than doubled in 2021 to $2.9 billion, powered by record fund realizations of $77 billion. For the fourth quarter, fund realizations were $21 billion, including the sale of consumer finance platform, Exeter; several holdings in Tac Opps, including specialty retailer, Diamonds Direct; an upstream energy platform in credit; and certain U.S. logistics and multifamily assets. We also monetized stakes in various public holdings and refinanced a number of portfolio companies. The Blackstone innovation machine is creating a level of activity that is unprecedented for both the firm and our industry at large, driving a meaningful elevation of our performance revenue potential. The dramatic expansion of the firms strategies has driven a more than threefold increase in aggregate deployment from $45 billion in 2018 and to $144 billion in 2021. This, in turn, has led to a more than doubling of performance revenue-eligible value in the ground over this period to approximately $450 billion despite almost $200 billion of realizations. Importantly, as the firm has grown, theres been no diminution of investment performance, the measure of the ongoing value creation in the capital weve cumulatively deployed. On the contrary, the firms returns in 2021 were some of our best. The BREP opportunistic funds appreciated 44%; corporate private equity, 42%; secondaries, 50%; Tac Opps, 35%; infrastructure, 30%; growth equity, 28%; real estate Core+, 25%; and private credit, 22%. The BAAM Composite rose 8% gross for the year, outperforming the HFRX Global Index by over 400 basis points with significantly lower volatility than the broader market, consistent with BAAMs mandate. In BREP and corporate private equity, we reported the best annual returns in over a decade in secondaries, Core+ and Tac Opps since inception of the strategies and in private credit since 2013. Strong investment performance powered $2.2 billion of net performance revenues in the fourth quarter and lifted the balance sheet receivable to $8.7 billion or $7.28 per share, the highest level in our history. This balance more than doubled year-over-year, notwithstanding $3.5 billion of realized distributions. Together, outstanding growth in both FRE and net realizations drove distributable earnings for the year up 85% to a record $6.2 billion or $4.77 per share. Finally, on delivering value to shareholders. Our strong financial position and limited use of capital have allowed us to fully distribute our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. These totaled $6.5 billion with respect to 2021, a record year for the firm and we believe by far the largest capital return by any public asset manager in a single year. In closing, the firm is truly firing on all cylinders. Our momentum has never been stronger with enormous structural tailwinds and multiple engines of growth. We are very optimistic about the future of Blackstone. With that, we thank you for joining the call and I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you everyone. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. You are live in the call Craig. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, Steve, Jon, Michael. Hope youre all doing well and congrats on the $155 billion [rate] (ph) this quarter.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Craig.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: So my question is on capital deployment. $66 billion is an impressive number over a 90-day period. But can you talk about some of Blackstones scale advantages with investing and how you can deploy so much capital across so many businesses, and mostly private assets at scale?
Jon Gray: Its a really important question. I think the key thing, Craig, is the expansion of the platform we keep talking about. Whats interesting, if you look in the fourth quarter, half the money we deployed was in strategies that didnt exist five years ago. So it was BREIT, BCRED and our infrastructure business; two retail, one institutional, all perpetual. And those platforms, as you know, tend to have, Id describe as maybe simpler products that are repeatable and scalable, which is different than what we do opportunistically. Fortunately, our returns, as you know, in private equity  real estate, private equity in those areas have been extraordinary. But these platforms allow us to deploy significant amounts of capital. And we own assets for long periods of time, particularly in the equity-oriented funds. And so when we buy, for instance, a ports business or a data center business or an apartment platform, we can deploy capital through the existing portfolio companies, which is different than in typical drawdown buy it, fix it, sell it model. So scale here and the nature of the capital is allowing us to deploy more capital. Theres also just the breadth of the private markets, what were seeing. Secondaries had a record deployment quarter, and thats not a surprise because we talked about it last quarter. Many institutions have seen extraordinary performance from their private equity pools and some are looking to make new allocations, but theyre selling older funds, and thats led to huge deal volume there. And then I would say, at our scale, there is this really interesting network effect that we talked about the last couple of weeks in our management committee. And were now  because we have so many different types of capital, so many different parts of the capital structure, geography, were a full-service solution provider to anybody who needs capital. It could be controlled private equity, it could be a minority stake, it could be structured equity in Tac Opps, it could be credit. Obviously, it runs across the gamut. And so that, again, is giving us more power. So its the whole combination. Its sort of this flywheel thats been created here. Its the intellectual capital weve built up where we have great expertise in markets. Its the fact for so many counterparties, we become a one-stop solution. Using real estate as an example. We may engage with somebody on something that starts as equity, and then they decide to actually want to borrow money. We have our real estate debt business. So theres something really powerful thats happening here at our scale, and the way we work together is helping that. So our optimism of deploying capital is high. And obviously, if markets dislocate in that regard, its helpful also.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Youre live in the call. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hi, good morning everybody. So, I appreciate [upbeat](ph) target on reaching $1 trillion in AUM this year. And obviously, $150 billion in flagship is great. But I was hoping we could dig in a little more into the fundraising backdrop in the current environment. I guess understanding that the secular underpinnings remain quite strong, but how sensitive do you think the momentum weve seen, particularly in retail, for Blackstone over the last 12 months and some of the other products will sustain in the more turbulent market backdrop that weve seen so far in January? So really I was hoping to get a little more of what you hearing in real time from your institutional LPs as well as your retail distribution partners.
Jon Gray: Well, right now, were not hearing any change. We talk to our institutional and retail customers every day. In fact, I try to talk to a CEO at least one or two every day because its important to stay close to your customers. And to put things in context, of course, the S&P despite the trade-off, total return is up nearly 40% in two years. And also, I would say whats interesting is, remember, our clients, institutional and retail clients, have large exposure to fixed income. So many of them are thinking about, how can I change that? Think about our private credit business, which is so well positioned with direct lending. Were the leading player in leveraged loans and CLOs. So clients are thinking about those things. I think, I would also just point to the fact that alternatives have consistently delivered for customers, and thats built up a lot of loyalty over time. This year  2021, of course, was no exception. It was our best year for appreciation. And so I would say our clients tend to take a longer-term view. Obviously, if markets trade off a lot, that can have an impact. But if you remember back in 2020, despite not being able to visit with our clients, despite all the turmoil, we still had a very good year raising capital. And so I just think weve gotten to a place, as you hear from us. You listen to that list of 17 drawdown funds, you think about all the different perpetual vehicles, think about all the different channels, this has really changed fundamentally as a business. Were just raising capital from many different sources. And I think for individual investors, as context, thats an $80 trillion market that today is probably, I dont know, 1% to 2% allocated to retail. And when you look at our products in those particular areas, focus on the larger ones now, BREIT and BCRED, those products are actually quite well targeted for a higher-growth, higher-inflationary environment. Steve talked about ownership in BREIT of the kind of assets. BREITs more than 80% logistics and rental housing, the kind of assets  the hard assets you want to own in a rising rate environment. BCRED is all floating rate debt. So as the Fed raises rates, it benefits from that. And of course, the performance of those products has been remarkable. And so yes, is it possible as markets trade off a lot, youll see some slowdown. But I would say overall, on the ground today, were continuing to see very positive momentum, and our outlook is quite good given where we sit.
Alex Blostein: Great, very helpful. Thanks Jon.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks and good morning. I wanted to pick up a little bit on the fundraising. Specific to the secondaries fund, I think if I heard you correct, roughly a $20 billion target, which looks to be roughly double, I think, the prior vintage. So hoping you might be able to just kind of unpack the dynamics of that market a little bit and why you feel such a large fund is, I guess, appropriately positioned or sized for the opportunity? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Yes. We talk a lot about megatrends in good neighborhoods, and people often associate it just with maybe technology or life sciences, clean energy. But one of the great neighborhoods is alternatives. Alternatives today are a $10 trillion industry, which sounds big, except theyre basically equal in size to five technology companies on the West Coast of the United States, and they compare to $250 trillion of stocks and bonds that are out there. And so the industry, as you know, has been growing at double-digit rates for a long time. It feels like, certainly based on our results, thats accelerating. And yet at the same time, liquidity for those who want to exit early from funds is pretty limited. And so theres a very small percentage of outstanding NAV that trades every year. Today, its between 1% and 2%. And so whats happening is you have an asset class thats growing very large and liquidity that was already too small for the existing asset class, and thats creating a huge tailwind. So whats interesting in our secondaries fund, not only did we realize the most, we also deployed the most capital because investors are trying to free up capacity. So, we see this as a market that is going to continue to scale. Were not surprised investors are responding. What theyve responded to  Vern Perry and the team have delivered outstanding returns to customers, 16 net for a very long time, even higher in the most recent vintages. So its a market we like a lot. There seems to be some structural inefficiency because of the lack of liquidity, and its growing fast. So this is another area of Blackstone that I think has a lot of potential relative to where it sits today.
Gerry O'Hara: Great, thanks for the context.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning folks and also congrats on a great quarter again in a year. Maybe just circling back on some of the inflationary comments that you made earlier. Just in thinking about the potential positive correlation of inflation and real estate performance and maybe in the context of BREIT, in particular, given the performance fees that were generated, how should we think about that return profile for BREIT as we go into 2022 and potentially have an inflationary backdrop that persists for the year? And I guess the punchline is, should we think of inflation as being positively correlated with performance fees for BREIT? And then maybe if you just want to talk about just capacity of BREIT as well in terms of where you  if there are any capacity constraints on that fund in the next one to two years given the fundraising profile of it.
Jon Gray: Great. So what I would say on BREIT, back to the earlier comments, is the fund has been really well positioned by our real estate team. The leadership of our real estate group, Ken Caplan, Kathleen McCarthy, Nadeem Meghji who runs our U.S. business, theyve set up this product now with more than 80% in rental housing and logistics. And yes, those asset classes are performing extraordinarily well. We said it  Steve said it in his remarks, the rents are growing two times to three times the rate of inflation. And not only are the market rents growing, in many cases, the rents, of course, in place are well below the market rents. And because were in this inflationary environment and there are supply chain challenges, its hard for new supply to respond as quickly as one would expect. In fact, in logistics, we think in some markets between landing cost  replacement cost has gone up close to double. Id say aggregately in the asset classes we like, its probably up more than 30% in the last couple of years. So owning these kind of short-duration, hard assets with pricing power is very positive. That being said, I wouldnt want to say were going to produce the same kind of extraordinary performance that happened in 2021 because that was really special. And there will be some headwinds from rising rates on values. But overall, we feel very confident about the BREIT portfolio and continuing to deliver for shareholders in the kind of environment we face today.
Brian Bedell: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee from KBW. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Jon Gray: Good morning Rob, can you hear us?
Robert Lee: Sorry about that. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on another good quarter. Just kind of curious, I guess, the SEC recently came out with some proposals on new disclosure for private equity or private investments maybe is the way to describe it. And since, I guess, my experience, no good financial services business seems to go unpunished over time. What is it that kind of keeps you up at night, if anything, if you look at the kind of regulatory environment out there, both here and outside the U.S.? Is there anything that kind of youre particularly focused on?
Jon Gray: So, what Id say on that is that the technical, I think, change they announced yesterday that theyre seeking comment on is mostly around systemic risk and reporting systemic risk. So, I applied to a range of industries, private equity, hedge funds and others. I think for us, what we focus on is the fact that weve done such a good job for customers for such a long period of time, that weve delivered solid returns. You obviously see that in our public financials. Our investors get even more detail. And that to us is really important. And the second factor that I think is very important is, were always striving. Its been something very important to Steve since the day I joined this firm 30 years ago, and even going back longer for him, operating at the highest levels of integrity, transparency and disclosures that, that is a core value of this firm. And thus, whatever comes out from a regulatory environment what we will adapt, and we will, of course, comply and thats just the way we run our business. So, we understand that were in an environment of heightened scrutiny, and we will obviously respond to it in the right way.
Robert Lee: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about retail, more broadly, maybe just taking a step back, looking at retail client portfolios. They seemed to face the challenge around providing income for an aging demographic for some time now. I guess, to what extent do you see rising interest rates as alleviating those challenges and improving the relative attractiveness of more traditional fixed income products and a higher rate backdrop? And then bigger picture, what unmet needs do you see from the retail client space and white space more broadly for Blackstone to provide other solutions to retail customers over time?
Jon Gray: Thanks, Mike. I think the response from investors to this kind of environment as it relates to their fixed income portfolio is theyre going to be looking for ways to maintain yield, but not take duration risk. And so the problem is if they go into long-term corporate or government fixed income, they may get some yield. Today, its still small. Maybe it goes up. But if rates continue to move, if inflation stays high, they have risk of capital impairment. And so the idea of trading some liquidity for a yield-oriented product, where yield actually grows with rising interest rates, I think, becomes increasingly attractive. And that bodes, I think, very well for our credit products. And we have obviously  we have our non-traded BDC, BCRED. We also have a public BDC, Blackstone Secured Lending Trust. So, I think both of these are well positioned in this kind of environment. More broadly in retail, what I would say is, youre not going to be surprised that this place is focused on innovation and growth. We have gotten to a place in the retail market that is very differentiated. The fact that weve been at this for more than a decade, that weve got several hundred people already dedicated to private wealth under Joan Solotar. We should be the 300 people by the end of the year, that weve created products, not just our traditional drawdown, but these perpetual vehicles that meet customer needs that have taken, I think, a much more investor-friendly approach on fees and also have delivered Blackstone best-in-class focus on returns has really made a difference. And weve started  Steve talked about shelf space. Weve got really unique shelf space in these platforms, relationships with the distributors, the financial institutions, with the financial advisors and with the underlying customers. And so because of the confidence weve built, that enables us to offer other products like a really great consumer brand company. And so were working on a number of things. Some are geographic in nature. Use BPIF as an example. That is the European version of BREIT. Its just started. Nobodys talking much about it. Its now at $700 million. Its on a couple of platforms. It will grow over time. And were looking at different areas. Were not ready to talk about those, but I could just say that dont be surprised if you see other introductions into this area as we try to meet client needs and try to create products that often offer yield, and they offer an element of liquidity that you cant see in traditional alternative drawdown products. And customers are responding in a positive way. So, we see this area as having very significant potential.
Steve Schwarzman: Mike, this is Steve. If you look at it from the perspective of the distributors, they want to have products that are oriented to protecting capital but going up continually along with increases from the Fed. And weve had some very unusual conversations because the retail channel is dramatically under allocated to alternatives. And the kinds of increases that some of the distributors are hopeful of achieving is at three times, four times increase. And this is a massive pool of capital. And its essential they come up with good products. And thats what we do. And so I think the way this is less about us and more about them and what the world thinks its going to need, particularly if you look forward to more volatility. And its sort of where do you put your money, where you think its safe and where youre playing with the trends. And thats what were doing, and were doing it all over the world. So, I think this is an enduring kind of trend. And as Jon said, weve taken the approach of bringing our institutional-quality products to the retail market. And after 10 years of investment, plus the other thing weve been doing over that time period is running in effect here, we call it Blackstone University, where we have the FAs from different firms at our firm, spending a day or two, learning about selling these types of products, which for some of them was new, and the fact theyve been rewarded with performance. So it makes them want to sell more of our products. And so its a virtuous circle. And were really extremely engaged with new product development that will meet the needs of these types of customers. So, when Jons really excited about this, hes got a reason to be.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Brian Mckenna: Hi, thanks. This is Brian Mckenna for Devin. So looking at the broader private equity portfolio, I know youve been allocating more capital to growth investments. But Im curious as to how the mix of the portfolio has evolved over time on this front. And then has there been any pickup in deployment opportunities into growth recently, just given the dislocation in the public markets? Thanks.
Jon Gray: Well, weve been really thematic, Brian, in where we deploy capital. And so yes, technology has grown as a greater percentage of the mix. But it hasnt just been a technology story, and that area has served us really well. Its one of the reasons when you look at our returns in our private equity flagship  corporate private equity area, weve seen such great returns, but its also other thematic areas. Weve been doing a bunch around sustainability in terms of investing in software and other businesses that provide support to the green energy transition thats underway. Weve been deploying capital in the housing supply and construction chain in a very meaningful way. We have a large company in Europe thats done quite well. Weve been focused on leisure and all forms of travel. And weve done this in real estate, but also in private equity. We closed on a sizable transaction with a company called VFS, that processes Visas for people from developing markets to visit developed markets. And what were anticipating, of course, there thematically is a big recovery of travel as we come out of COVID. And so the good news is we havent been really big into industrials and areas where exposure to rising input costs, labor and materials, can really squeeze margin. Weve tried to focus on businesses with secular tailwinds where we have pricing power. And thats why we feel quite good about the positioning of our private equity portfolio even as we move into this bit of a different environment.
Brian Mckenna: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Finian O'Shea from Wells Fargo. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Finian O'Shea: Hi, good morning everyone. On the market environment again, can you talk about the impact so far on market activity or deal flow? Are you seeing any changes in pricing or transaction volumes at this point?
Jon Gray: So, I think its a little early. As I commented earlier, the real estate market, certainly not. I think in private equity, there was just such a surge at the end of last year. Some of that people thought in anticipation of tax changes, there were probably more sellers. I think if the economy stays healthy, well still see decent transaction volume. I do think in the technology and growth areas, as the public markets had a more dramatic reset that there, it may take a little bit more time to adjust the private market to the public market pricing. I think that bodes very well for our growth equity business thats positioned well. I would say the good news is from our teams on the ground, seeing stocks off materially has definitely engaged more conversations with us and companies out there. So sometimes, this seed planning takes a little bit of time. But my expectation is there should be a decent year for deal volume. We may see a little bit of a slowdown on the corporate side here as people readjust, but then I would expect at some point, it would probably pick back up.
Finian O'Shea: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr: Hello there. Maybe I could just ask one quick follow-up on rates and growth stocks because you just touched on it. But  so you mentioned in higher rates, you have a lot of inflation-protected assets that do well, rents going up two time and three times inflation and how BCRED is a lot of floating rates. So all thats great. I think one, not all, but one of the reasons where lots of growth stocks have cracked, as you noticed, was just a higher discount rate and its impact on multiples. So Blackstone partially pivoted more towards growth investing as another avenue for growth. So just kind of curious on how you weigh whats happened in the market and impact of rates on all kinds of levered investments versus the specific opportunities that you see ahead of you? Sorry if some of that is repetitive.
Jon Gray: Yes. Look, I think the question on tech is really important in some of these faster-growing industries. And Id make a couple of comments. We tend to focus on companies that have positive cash flow and make money, particularly in private equity when we invest in tech, and its often tech services businesses. Even in our growth equity business, we focus on companies that either make money or have high gross margins. And the companies that are facing the greatest pressure today are those that are more speculative in nature that have to keep raising capital over time and where the increase in discount rate impacts value. So where we focus, I think, is really important. I would also point out that even in some of our tech companies weve taken public as theyve traded off, we still have very significant embedded gains given where we bought these businesses. And when you look at the performance of our more tech-oriented investments, in the fourth quarter, revenues in our tech companies in private equity were up 20% and in growth up 40%. And thats not a surprise because even though theres been a pullback in markets, there are big secular trends that are still underway. All of us are getting more Amazon boxes to our home. E-commerce is growing 15%, 20%. Cloud migration continues to accelerate. I was talking to our Head of Technology, John Stecher, yesterday, who estimates our portfolio companies are spending 15% to 20% more on technology this year. That is an awful big number. Consumers  educations moving online. When you talk about schools, whats happening, weve made a big push into edtech. Theyve gone from spending 5% to 7% more on software and digital today to 15%-plus. Digital infrastructure, of course, benefiting because you need data centers and towers. And so there is secular growth in these areas. Yes, some of these stocks certainly got to levels that didnt make sense. Weve now seen a pullback. But I wouldnt now say, therefore, technology, technology services, content creation, this stuff doesnt make sense to invest in. We think it could lead to more opportunities and more rational pricing. And we really like the portfolio of businesses were invested in.
Michael Chae: And Glenn, Id just  this is Michael. Id just add to that, that particularly in private equity, yes, these are businesses with great secular tailwinds that grew in the fourth quarter in the order of 20% top line, but theyre highly profitable. Theyre at scale. And we  importantly, we bought them at reasonable prices. Were still value investors since we bought them at reasonable prices and multiples of things like EBIT that you rarely  the metric you really hear about in this space and cash flows. And as always, with all investments for 35 years, we underwrote them to long-term exit multiples that assume normalization of rates and multiples and so forth. So  and as a result, we feel we have significant embedded gain in the portfolio overall, notwithstanding fluctuations in markets.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you for all of that. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Arnaud Giblat from BNP. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Arnaud Giblat: Yes. Good morning. Could I ask, please, on the wealth and mass affluent channels in Europe? They seem to be developing very well. Could you give us a bit more color on how  on what youre doing in Europe? You mentioned earlier BPIF hitting $700 million. How far could this go? What other products are you launching? Are you getting closer to entering partnerships with some of the key European wealth managers? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Yes. Europe is, I think, an area of real opportunity for us over time, but I do want to acknowledge that its more challenging in the sense almost every EU country has its own regulations about private wealth. They are not all synchronized. Obviously, there are different languages as well. And you have much less consolidation generally amongst distributors, wealth managers. And so the amount of boots on the ground you need to distribute this, and the legal work you need to do is significant. The good news is weve got some terrifically talented people leading that effort for us in Europe, and we have been committing significant resources to this. And we will continue to move. And I think this is another market where we could have a meaningful first-mover advantage where the strength of the brand really matters, the products really matter. We have distributed with some of the global firms, our BREIT product, our BCRED products, but now having more targeted products in Europe, in Euros will make a difference. But I wouldnt expect it to move as quickly just because it requires a lot of effort country by country. But we are, as Steve likes to say, a persistent bunch. So this is something were really focused on.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from Adam Beatty from UBS. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Adam Beatty: Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. You gave some context earlier about how the firm has grown and evolved in the past few years since the Investor Day. It would be great to get your thoughts on how the organization has grown and evolved at the same time to be able to support the much larger AUM, the doubling of number of products, et cetera, and maybe in particular, the role of technology in that. Thanks very much.
Jon Gray: So that is something you might imagine we spend a lot of time talking about. Because the most important thing as we grow is to maintain our culture, attracting great talent, making sure they have a wonderful experience here, the best people want to come, that we continue to be a meritocracy, and also making sure we maintain our investment discipline. We never want to be a franchise business. We still have centralized investment control. Weve got to make sure we maintain process and discipline as we grow because thats the way investment managers get into trouble. So what are we doing in this regard? I would say theres a multitude of things. Obviously, its a bottom-up  weve been expanding our analyst class meaningfully, but also our training and onboarding, something Steve has been really focused on, we put a lot of effort on to make sure we have people as integrated as possible. Weve been doing more in the way of lateral hiring. Weve hired a number of senior leaders to lead new initiatives or to move into existing businesses, something in the past we hadnt done as much of, but given our rate of growth, we need to do that. And then we stay highly integrated, management committee, operating committee. Every Monday morning, we do our BX TV. You might have seen our holiday video that made fun of us about it. We are focused on keeping this firm connected. And then the investment committees are still run out of New York, centralized, different investment committees for different groups but a number of people who are similar, including folks on this call, on a multiple of these investment committees. And so were thinking about our process, how to streamline it in certain ways, but maintain the same investment discipline that weve always had over time. And the great news is weve had a lot of continuity with people here, and were also attracting all this wonderful talent. So the number we talk about, 29,000 young people last year applying for 120 jobs. Thats an incredible number. And Im happy when I applied way back when that wasnt the number. But its really important to maintain, control and discipline as we have these really tremendous levels of growth.
Adam Beatty: Thats perfect. Great and thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And your final question comes from Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
Chris Kotowski: Yes, good morning and thank you. I guess its a question for Michael, probably. But I wanted to understand the fee-related performance fees a bit better. Because I recognize, obviously, it was a great quarter and a great year. But the first nine months were pretty darn good. And as of end of the third quarter, the  I think the accrued performance fees in BREIT was something like $500 million. And then it ended up  the year-end performance fee ended up being $1.5 billion. And Im  was that just because you had kind of accrued too conservatively in the first part of the year? Or was there a jump in the fourth quarter? Or what drove that?
Michael Chae: No. I think  well, first of all, you have to look, obviously, the difference between gross and net. And so when you see the NAPR receivable that we disclose every quarter, thats obviously on a net basis. And what you see on consolidated and by segment basis in our 8-K, when that becomes realized revenues, is gross revenues, and so with the cost and comp against that in the overall fee-related compensation line. So you can see it coming on a net basis in the prior quarter. There was also an incentive fee in the fourth quarter from infrastructure that you would have also seen on the receivable in the prior quarter. But then add to that, of course, in the fourth quarter, you also get the benefit of the further appreciation and inflows and growth in asset base. So its there. Were cognizant that over time and confident that over time, for a number of different factors, the visibility and sort of predictability of this, I think, will only be enhanced over time even as it scales and grows.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. Great. And on the private equity side, the $212 million, is that  which category drove that? And whats our tracking mechanism towards that? And should that be a once-a-year thing? Or is that a quarter-by-quarter thing from here?
Michael Chae: Right, Chris. So as I mentioned in my remarks and then just now to your  the first part of your question, that was the incentive fee from infrastructure  from our infrastructure fund. And that is in that category along with the BPP funds that has periodic but recurring incentive fee events, typically three years from the  three year anniversary of the investor inflows or in some cases five years, but principally three years. In the case of infrastructure, three years. And Id just say, overall, in terms of this area, as I mentioned, you saw NAV growth ingest BREIT and BCRED of triple in the year. So $21 billion between those two strategies went to $67 billion entering this year. We had inflows on January 1 between the two strategies of $4 billion. And obviously, as weve talked about, we feel great about the positioning of the portfolios and the further appreciation. So you combine those three factors, and notwithstanding that we have a tougher compare relative to that terrific BREIT return, we feel really good about the growing fee base and the outlook ahead.
Chris Kotowski: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now Id like to hand back to Weston for closing comments.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us and look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Thank you, Weston, and thank you to all your speakers. And thank you, everyone. That concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2021 Investor Call. My name is Faye  (ph) manager. Joining the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only.  These will be addressed towards the end of the presentation. I'd like to advise all parties the conference is being recorded. Now I'd like to hand over to your host, Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations, please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Perfect. Thanks to you, and good morning. And welcome to Blackstone 's Third Quarter Conference Call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO. Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release in a slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factor section of our 10-K.  We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you will find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholder's page of our website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. A quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $3.2 billion. Distributable earnings were 1.6 billion or a $1.28 per common share, and we declared a dividend of a $1.09 to be paid to holders of record as of November 1st. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman : Thanks, Weston. And good morning and thank you for joining our call. Today, Blackstone reported the best results in our 36-year history. Distributable earnings more than doubled year-over-year to $1.6 billion, while fee-related earnings increased nearly 30% with both metrics reaching records for the quarter and the 12-month period. Investment performance was extraordinary, and represented one of the best quarters for fund appreciation in our history. And assets under management rose 25% year-over-year to an industry record $731 billion. On our last earnings call, I shared my view that it was the most consequential quarter in our history.  It represented a defining moment in terms of our expansion into the vast retail and insurance markets and a step change in the Firm's earning power and capacity to generate FRE. Today's results are proof-of-concept. And I believe we are only at the beginning of a long-term acceleration of growth. Our unique market position today is the outcome of the substantial investments we've made over decades to expand our capabilities and build out leading distribution platforms across customer channels. We're now experiencing record demand for products in the alternatives area. And while our profitability continues to expand, we are reinvesting significantly to support current and future growth in terms of major personnel increases as well as our operational infrastructure.  We are creating the foundation for a dramatically more profitable firm, further widening the competitive MOAT around our business. As the referenced institution in the alternative sector, we're now reinventing the asset class. Both in terms of who can invest and what they can invest in. We continue to expand our traditional business lines meaningfully and are adding an entire platform of fast-growing perpetual capital strategies. We now offer 16 perpetual vehicles, which generated nearly half of total Inflows over the last 12 months. At the same time, our active pace of deployment is leading to an acceleration of the fundraising cycle for some of our largest flagship funds. The overall outlook for fundraising is incredibly strong.  We have unrivaled breadth and depth of product offerings with over 50 discrete investment strategies. Our flagship strategies have consistently outperformed the relevant benchmarks across market cycles, including the most recent one. In an environment that continues to be deeply impacted by the pandemic over the last 12 months, our corporate private equity funds have appreciated 49%, while our opportunistic real estate funds appreciated 36%. This remarkable performance is the result of the way we've positioned investor capital towards areas of the economy with superior secular growth. coupled with our world-class portfolio management capabilities.  Real estate, for example, we released 70% of our portfolio is concentrated in the fast-growing logistics, rental housing, and life sciences office sectors compared to less than 10% a decade ago. We believe our portfolio overall is well-positioned for future cycles, including a likely scenario of rising interest rates. In our credit business, the vast majority of our investments are in floating rate debt, which should benefit in this scenario. In both real estate and private equity, we focused on high-quality companies and assets in the best secular neighborhoods. We believe the fundamental superior R&D of these investments leading to faster cash flow growth should help offset pressure on market multiples that might occur in response to rising rates.  Moreover, our experience when exiting investments throughout our history has been at a significant premium to our carry in values given the strategic value we create. Across all of our businesses, we remain laser-focused on generating outstanding returns for our investors in any market environment. Everyone at Blackstone is dedicated to this mission. To work at our firm, you must believe in our mission and embrace our distinctive culture characterized by meritocracy, entrepreneurialism, excellence, cooperation, protection of capital, and the highest standards of integrity. As we grow, we strive to protect this culture.  To that end, I've been spending substantial personal time with each of our groups and our new hires to ensure that every one at The Firm internalized our core values. And I couldn't be more impressed by the exceptional quality of the people coming to work at our firm. This year, we had 29,000 unique applicants resulting in 103 first-year analyst hires, an acceptance rate of a stunning 0.41%. We are assembling the next generation of outstanding talent that will continue to drive The Firm's outperformance for decades to come. In closing, I've never been more excited about The Firm's prospects, and I thank you for joining you in -- for joining us on this remarkable adventure. And with that, I'm going to throw the ball over to Jon.
Jon Gray: I will catch it. Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. This was as Steve noted, an extraordinary quarter for Blackstone and our investors. And we are extremely confident in the outlook from here. I say that because all the pillars for our success are in place, we continue to deliver for clients and they are entrusting us with more capital, increasingly perpetual. As Steve noted, this allows us to broaden who we serve and where we can invest. We've compared this to a ship moving from a narrow channel into open waters, and we believe this process has just begun. Most importantly, the last 12 months were the best for fund appreciation on record. We continue to benefit from our large-scale thematic approach to deploying capital. Our customers are responding favorably to this performance. Total inflows were $47 billion in the third quarter, and 148 billion over the last 12 months, nearly half of which was perpetual, as Steve highlighted. Perpetual AUM rose over 70% year-over-year to nearly $200 billion and is up 3-fold since our 2018 Investor Day. Our real estate Core Plus business remains the largest driver of perpetual capital, as well as fee-related earnings at the firm. In less than 8 years, AUM has grown to nearly $100 billion across 6 vehicles, roughly the size of our opportunistic real estate business.  We raised $10 billion for this platform in the third quarter alone, with strong demand from both institutional and retail investors, including $7.5 billion for BREIT. We launched BEPIF, our new vehicle focused on European real estate earlier this month with inflows to start in Q4. In addition, our credit segment's non-traded BDC BCRED raised 3.5 billion of equity capital in the third quarter. We expect demand to grow over time for these and other products we plan to introduce. Turning to infrastructure, our $14 billion perpetual vehicle is now over 80% committed and we've reopened fundraising.  Given the vast opportunity set in the strength of our team, we expect this business to grow significantly over time. In the secondaries area, SP's latest flagship vehicle is on track to reach approximately $20 billion, nearly double the size of the prior 2019 fund. We completed an initial close of $8 billion a few weeks ago, and we expect to begin the investment period this quarter. In credit, we saw 65 billion of inflows in the last 12 months with continued robust demand for direct lending and floating-rate liquid strategies. Our actively managed loan ETF, SRLN, is now the largest of its kind in the world in nearly $8 billion.  Moving to Asia, where our business will see meaningful growth this year with our 3rd real estate and 2nd private equity vintages in the region raising capital. In real estate Asia, we closed on $4 billion and expect to raise approximately $9 billion, 30% larger than the prior fund. And in private equity Asia, we've raised $6 billion and will soon hit the $6.4 billion cap, nearly 3 times the previous fund. Lastly, in BAAM, we expect to finish fund raising our second GP stakes vehicle, another perpetual strategy, in the fourth quarter, reaching approximately $5.5 billion in size. We've been actively investing in this area, including inquiring stakes in 2 high-quality alternative managers recently, with a third in-process totaling more than a $1.5 billion.  Looking forward, several of our drawdown funds are deploying capital faster than our original expectations and are now over 50% committed, including: global private equity, Global and European real estate, Growth equity, Private equity energy, European credit and energy credit, and our secondaries real estate fund. The timing of successor funds will be a function of investment pace. Together with our growing menu of perpetual strategies, the outlook is positive. Turning to deployment, the firm's expansion has opened up many new areas where we didn't have pools of capital previously.  The third quarter was our busiest ever with $37 billion invested and an additional $30 billion committed to pending deals. The largest were in rental housing, transportation, infrastructure, logistics, and sustainability linked businesses. Finally, on the realization front, we remain very active, which Michael will discuss. One transaction to highlight, a few weeks ago, we announced the sale by our breadth funds of the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas at a gain of nearly 10 times original cost; the largest profit on a single asset investment in the history of our real estate business.  This investment is a classic example of our buy it, fix it, sell it model at work, in which we transform the asset and improved operations. Our long-term capital combined with our focus on value creation led to a tremendous outcome for our investors. In closing, it is impossible to not feel energized about the firm's prospects. Blackstone is a branded, fast-growing, capital light asset manager with an enormous addressable market. And the future is bright. With that, I will turn things over to Mike.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon. And good morning, everyone. I'll first review the firm's record results, and then we'll discuss investment performance and the balance sheet. Starting with results, distributable earnings in the quarter more than doubled year-over-year, as Steve highlighted. And for the LTM period, nearly doubled to $5.4 billion or $4.19 per share. This step-up in the firm's earnings power is being driven by two important underlying dynamics in our business. First, the continued acceleration of fee-related earnings. And second, the significant expansion of the firm's performance revenue potential. First, with respect to FRE, which increased 28% year-over-year to $779 million in the third quarter.  For the last 12 months, FRE rose 37% to $3 billion or $2.47 per share, driven by the combination of 30% growth in fee revenues and significant margin expansion. FRE margin for this period expanded to 54.8%, the highest level ever. And we expect full-year 2021 margin to be approximately in this 55% area. As a reminder, our FRE is 100% driven by fee revenues from third-party contracts, and includes all cash, operating expenses, and corporate overhead. At nearly $2.50 per share, FRE has more than doubled since 2018, and the outlook is very strong. The scaling of perpetual strategies in particular, is transforming the firm's earnings profile with their compounding effect.  These strategies primarily involve management fees that benefit from both accelerating inflows and depreciation in NAV along with fee related performance revenues that crystallize on a recurring schedule without asset sales. The combination of drivers that you've heard about today give us confidence in the trajectory of FRE. With respect to performance revenues, net realizations increased nearly 5-fold in the third quarter to almost $1 billion and increased sharply to $3 billion for the last 12 months. Fund realizations in the quarter reached a record $22 billion reflective of the scale of our global platform and included the recapitalization of India-based digital services provider Mphasis, the sale of software Company Blue Yonder, and certain logistics, multi-family, and office assets in the U.S. and Europe.  We also monetized stakes in various public holdings and refinanced a number of portfolio companies. The firm's significant multi-year expansion in the breadth and scale of strategies coupled with the excellent investment performance of that scale deployment across our businesses has driven a step function change in the firm's store of value. Invested performance revenue eligible AUM reached $393 billion in the quarter, up nearly 50% year-over-year, and nearly double its level of 3 years ago. At the same time, the net accrued performance revenue receivable on the balance sheet has grown to $8.3 billion.  The highest level in our history. Up 23% sequentially, and importantly, more than double its pre -COVID level of Q4 2019. This is a dramatic upward reset in this forward indicator of performance revenues over time. Turning to invest performance, which as you've heard today, was simply outstanding across the firm. The breadth opportunistic funds appreciated 16.2% in the quarter while the Core Plus funds appreciated 7.6%, together leading to the best fund depreciation in the history of our real estate business. For the last 12 months, the breadth funds appreciated 36% and Core Plus appreciated 23%. Returns continue to be driven by gains in logistics, U.S. suburban multi-family and life sciences office.  In private equity, the corporate P-funds had another excellent quarter depreciating 9.9% and 49% over the last 12 months. Appreciation in the quarter was strong across both the private and public portfolio, particularly in our technology-related holdings. Overall, our companies are seeing robust double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth. Our secondaries business reported a standout quarter with 17% appreciation and 53% over the last 12 months. And the Tactical Opportunities Funds appreciated 2.3% in the quarter and 35% over the LTM period. In credit, the private credit strategies reported a gross return of 4.5% in the quarter and 25% LTM with the quarter's performance driven by improving fundamentals, tightening, spreads, and strength in energy positions.  Finally, in BAAM, the BPS composite return was 1.3% gross in the quarter and 13% for the last 12 months, outperforming the HFRX Global Index by over 400 basis points for the LTM period. When market volatility spiked in September and the S&P declined 5% in the month, BAAM produced a positive return in BPS, protecting capital in a down-market. Overall, strong returns across the firm equated to $28 billion of total fund appreciation in the quarter and a record $110 billion over the last 12 months, reflecting exceptional value creation for our investors. Finally, a note on the firm's financial position.  In early August, we opportunistically issued $2 billion of 7, 10, and 30-year notes at a weighted average, pretax costs of 2.2%. Our average debt maturity now stands at 14 years with a 2.7% overall pre -tax cost on fixed rate long-dated debt. We maintain our A plus credit rating, 1 of the 2 best ratings in the asset management industry. So, to recap, firm reported record or near record results across all of our key metrics this quarter and our forward momentum has never been stronger. We believe that these records reflect reality. Reality of the continuing transformation of our business and its earnings power. With that, we thank you for joining the call and we'd like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  We ask that you limit your questions to one only. If you would like to ask a follow-up, please redial back into the question queue. Thank you. And your first question is from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Glenn Schorr : Hi. Thank you very much. So, if I could, I wanted to ask a question on and high net worth space. So pretty amazing to see, I think 11.5 billion across BREIT and BCRED. So, you mentioned BEPIF. A question I have is that market, how can we think about it relative to what we've seen in the Europe versus U.S., size-wise and expectations. And then taken a bigger step back. Retail obviously has lower allocations, so the capacity to handle more is a lot. So curious how you're thinking about what other types of products and as the flood of competition comes in, how big of a deal is the 10-year head-start that you have?
Jon Gray : Good question. I'll start with the BEPIF question, Glenn. I would say in Europe, the market -- overall market is not as large, of course, as the U.S., and its very early days for this type of product. And we're going to do it deliberately, we'll start with 1 distributor as we did go back on BREIT and then overtime, add others. But I think it could be meaningful. I think it's early days, there's a lot of savings in Europe as low yield. But alternatives are something that are a little different. The way real estate products historically have been distributed there have been different.  And we're a bit of a trailblazer, a bit like we were with VEREIT when we revolutionized the non-traded BREIT market. Here it's a little bit of virgin territory. We're starting out. I would say our expectations are we can't get likely not to get to the scale of BREIT. But we think it could be meaningful. It will take a number of years. What I would say in terms of other products is we think there is a potential to do more products. I don't think you're going to be surprised about that. That given the scale of our platform here at Blackstone, that there are other things we can do in multiple geographies and multiple asset classes.  I think the key consideration for us is that we deliver returns, that we're focused on our brand long-term and delivering for individual investors just as we do for institutions. We will do it in a deliberate and thoughtful way when we have the right program and the right set up. But the short answer is, yes, there is more to do. As it relates to the head-start, we think it's very helpful. I think it's helpful to get to scale earlier. It's helpful to have several hundred people in our private wealth area and we build relationships over a decade. It's helpful to have the plumbing, the legal, compliance, disclosure, all of those matters, and it really helps to have the platform to deploy the capital.  And so, others will come into the space. Like everything, there's competition. But we do have a big head-start and we have a brand that is very powerful. And then there's one thing to emphasize about Blackstone. And the reason why we've been so successful being a capital-light firm, it's the power of the brand. And you see that nowhere more than in the retail channel, and that is a real durable advantage, we believe, and we're going to continue to build on.
Glenn Schorr : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Jon Gray : Good morning, Alex. Alex, I'm not sure if you're on mute there. , why don't we go move to the next caller and Alex can dial back into the queue.
Operator: Thank you. So, your next question is from the line of Robert Lee, KBW, please go ahead.
Robert Lee : Great. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I mean, the first one maybe Jon, you kind of hit on it. Kind of your fundraising is so strong; you have this kind of scale of capital coming in. Can you talk about on the deployment side how you are kind of able to deploy that to keep returns going without affecting the market just from a pricing perspective. Just given the wall of capital. And then maybe a follow-up question for Steve. I mean, you hit youre a 100 billion core target ahead of schedule. So, what's next?
Jon Gray : I'll start on the deployment side. I think what we've been doing consistently as a firm over a long period of time is answering this question, which is how do you deploy as you grow larger and larger. It's existed as long as I've been at the firm and even longer for Steve. And one of the advantages we have is scale. year-to-date we've been involved in 13 public to privates, which are transactions that are often harder for other firms because of their size and complexity. The second thing I'd say is, we've really broadened our platform and we're redeploying capital.  If you looked in the quarter, the 10 largest transactions we did in terms of investments and commitments, all of them were done in vehicles that did not exist five years ago. So, if you think about it, they were in BREIT, they were in infrastructure, they were in BCRED, they were in Core Private Equity. Deploying capital for us at scale has gotten easier because we have more . And that has really helped us as the capital comes in. And we do it geographically across the globe. We do it across risk and return as well. And then the last thing I'd say, and we talk a lot about this is this somatic approach.  Focusing on good neighborhoods that what we've tried to do as a firm is identify where there are real secular tailwinds in the migration of everything online, sustainability, life sciences, global travel coming out of COVID, the rise in places of the middle class in India, alternatives. Look at these different asset classes and try to deploy capital directly on scene. And then sometimes 1 derivative off. We bought a Company this quarter called Chamberlain, which is the parent of LiftMaster Garage Door Openers. It's a great example of thematic investing.  One is it's a play on the big housing build that we think is coming. And secondarily, it's a play on e-commerce because the best way to deliver goods to your home when you're not there, it's through your garage door and there's all sorts of connected technology in that area. So, I'd say unique advantages at scale, unique advantages given the breadth of products. And then there's high level, high conviction investing that we're expressing across the firm, and we're leaning in and flooding the zone in those areas. And that combination has allowed us to deploy a lot of capital. With that, I will let see Steve set a new very high target for some.
Steve Schwarzman : Well, I think you asked, Robert. It was -- I didn't hear exactly how do I feel about what we accomplished in the Core Plus area. And whenever we go into a new area or introduce a new product, actually it's fun for me to have a vision of how big we can be consistent with great performance for our investors. We certainly got this one right. And we've got a lot of momentum, of course, behind that. And every one of our areas set a similar expectation internally. I don't know that we've disappointed internally on our goals. But part of the way of managing a great firm is having amazing people and great prospects and discipline when we go into something and set targets for success, both investment-wise and scale-wise. And we're all used to that system here.
Robert Lee : Thank you so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Gerry Ohara from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Gerry Ohara : Great. Thanks for taking my question this morning, perhaps one for Michael. But clearly, a lot of performance fees in the pipeline. Hoping you might be able to give us a little sense of what's to come into 4Q. And I guess I don't know if there's anything you can say. I know you've done in the past with respect to Hilton, but the Cosmopolitan sale obviously is material, and anything you might be able to help us think about that would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Michael Chae : Sure, Jerry. Well, as you know, we don't give sort of near-term guidance, but the big picture, as I mentioned, my remarks is this net accrued performance revenue receivable. That's double what it was pre-Covid. Much of it is relatively liquid, about a third of the private equity portfolio at FMV is publicly traded. We'll take advantage of that based on market conditions. Obviously, the invested performance revenue AUM has grown considerably. We entered this quarter with sort of some locked in realizations that are under contract and we'll expect those to crystallize in this quarter and in the several quarters to come. And Paulson transaction, we expect to close in the first half of next year, not in the fourth quarter. And obviously there are other things in the pipeline, things that we've mentioned and things that we haven't. So, quarter-to-quarter, it's not a fruitful to guide to that or to predict that. But big picture, we're in remarkably good position overtime.
Gerry Ohara : Fair enough. Thanks for the call.
Michael Chae : Thanks, Jerry (ph).
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just hoping you could update us on some of the technology investments that you're making across the firm. As you think it about digitizing, automating parts of your business, how do you think about the opportunity set there? Where can sort of digitization of Blackstone be most helpful? And what challenges would you face as you think about building the tech stack architecture of the future for Blackstone?
Michael Chae : Hey Mike, it's Michael. Thanks for the question. I'd step back and say, we've been in the technology and innovation area. We talked about innovation in terms of product development, new strategies where we think we're pretty good. We also have been investing for years in innovation around how we run our own business from an internal standpoint and from, how do we transform the basic daily work of the business middle and back-office and also from an investing standpoint. And I think we'd say in our industry, even though it's -- the industry itself is somewhat in development on that front, that we're second to -- we put ourselves a second to nobody in that effort.  Stepping back in the technology area, we've been investing in people and in hardware and software for a bunch of years now. We actually have nearly 400 employees in technology and data science. It's -- we have to say it's the fastest-growing part of the firm. I'd say it's now one of 2 or 3 fastest-growing areas of the firm. That includes, among other groups, our data science team that has around 20 people that will be 30, I think pretty soon. They're doing wonderful work and it's really a process in discipline that's getting embedded more and more in our business overall, particularly in the work we do on looking at new investments and also our portfolio of helping our portfolio companies.  And as you know, our Global Head of Portfolio Operations, Gen Morgan, was the co-CEO in the technology area historically. We've internally developed on the technology side, a real -- and this is getting to your question, I think specifically. A suite of internally developed products in the fund accounting area, in the investor reporting area, both institution, traditional institutions, and the retail area, which A, I think reflects that when we started really lean into this sort of 15 years ago, the industry -- the alternative industry then was very nascent in terms of having these solutions developed both for GP s and for LP s. We turned to in part, making a significant effort internally. And we think we've developed a stack that it's still a work in progress in some ways. But we think are actually as good or better than third-party solutions that are available.  If you look at a business-like E-access that another firm bought a couple of years ago at a pretty high value. And you look at sort of -- we have equivalent internally Dell products that both LPs and others tell us rate pretty well against those outside solutions. We also -- and then I'll pause. We have a program, we announced to hire in this area a couple of years -- a couple of months ago, which we call the Innovations Program. We don't talk a lot about it, it's a small program, but we do use internal capital to purchase small stakes in early-stage companies in the Fintech area, the Prop tech area, the enterprise tech area.  The cyber area. We've made almost 30 investments or so over a bunch of years. All -- mostly quite successful. But moreover because of the dollars aren't so big from a financial point of view, it really -- these companies, and we mutually benefit from a deeper relationship in this whole ecosystem, in terms of cutting-edge products and also just being in the mix in this area. And I think it has real tangible benefits to how we think about innovating in our firm overall. That's a little bit of a multipart answer, Mike. But it's not something we talk about or we've named for external purposes holistically. But we've been at this for a long time. We're scale -- we have scaled in terms of people, organization, process. And we're going to keep at it. It's still early days and there's a long way to go.
Michael Cyprys : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell : Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a two - parter on fundraising. Just in looking at this year, I think your initial target, of course, was to approach 200 billion of inflows, including the insurance partnerships. Looks like you will be easily exceeding that, and just wanted to sanity check that. And then also for next year, is there a possibility of raising the next vintages of the flagships and private equity in real estate given that faster draw-down pace into next year? And then is that, given your attraction overall and the retail attraction, a possibility to get to 200 billion even without insurance partnerships next year? And if you want to just also just talk about the potential for any ESG impact offerings and maybe just comment on the simple investments you've been making within the funds as well.
Jon Gray : So maybe Michael will talk about this year. But what I would say overall is we've got a lot of momentum. The perpetuals, obviously, have great momentum. Not just in the retail channel and not just with some of these insurance things, but institutionally. I'd talked about infrastructure; I'd also mentioned our BPP Core Plus business. Institutional real estate Core Plus still bigger than what we're doing on the individual investor side. As it relates to the drawdowns, the good news is if you look across the board, the fund performance is very strong, and that is the best forward indicator of investors desire to invest in future Blackstone funds.  The fundraising for those will be a function of how quickly we deploy capital. We have a number of these funds. As you noted, that are now over 50%. It's a question when we get, and most cases, so do North of 70%, that's when we start thinking about fundraising. So, it's hard to predict, but we expect a good reception when we go back out. That's certainly been our history. I'd say the one headwind on fundraising that exists out there is that private equity has been such a strong sector that investors are in some cases over allocated. I think that will be very bullish for our secondaries business. And I think we will see our investment community raise their allocations to private equity and alternatives in general.  And that's more limited to PE, not as much of an impact at all on real estate or infrastructure private credit. But overall, it is a picture of strength as it relates to fundraising. It's one where really strong performance of broad array of products, successful deployment we think will lead to large-scale fundraising. I'm not giving you a specific answer as to timing. But I think it's fair to say that if you look back, there's probably a step function increase in the amount we'll raise versus where we thought of, say, 3 years ago. And that's the combination of larger and more draw down funds and this big step-up in perpetual funds, and then add to that, now the expansion into insurance. So, this is happening in a lot of different directions. It's hard to quantify exactly how it will all land and what the timing is, but I think the path of travel is very clear.
Brian Bedell : And then just on ESG?
Jon Gray : On ESG. So, what I'd say on that is I think the most relevant areas for us, three areas. We actually talked about this at our Board meeting this week. In the energy credit and energy debt areas, if you went back in time, there was much more orientation towards hydrocarbons and E&P. That -- a lot of those activities we've deemphasized in a significant way over the last 3 or 4 years. And we've been doing much more around the energy transition and have great success. We announced a big transmission lines of hydro-power from Quebec to Queens a few weeks ago. We put an investment into a public Company called the Ray Technologies, which moves solar panels. We did a preferred with warrants. So, we've had a lot of success in that state.  And I would expect the next vintages of our energy equity and energy debt funds will be heavily oriented towards the transition, towards sustainability. I think investors will react well, and I think similarly, we'll do more in infrastructure. Another way investors can play it with us at Blackstone. So, there is a lot of investment demand. And then I would say in some of our more liquid structures and areas, some of the things we do in insurance on asset backs, I think you'll see more there. So, I think overall as an asset class, the demands for capital are enormous, and I think a lot of it will come from private capital. So, I think that bodes well, but it'll be expressed at our firm in multiple areas.
Brian Bedell : Great. Thank you for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. You're next question is from Patrick Davitt, Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt : Hi. Good morning, everyone. One of the big takeaways from the Competitor Investor Day this week was a focus on building out investment-grade direct origination capacity to address this idea of fixed income replacement for particularly insurance money desperate for higher yields. And obviously that opens you up to more -- to a bigger piece of the client AUM pie. Could you discuss to what extent Blackstone is focused on this idea of building similar fixed income replacement strategies, particularly as you bring in so many large insurance partnerships this year?
Jon Gray : We agree that this is a huge theme. If you think about fixed income investors, individual investors, institutions, and certainly insurance companies, who do almost exclusively fixed income investing. Buying a liquid CUSIP bond today, in many cases, can't meet their long-term needs. And so, what you see happening is asset managers who have these origination capabilities being awarded more and more assets over time. And that's certainly been the story with us. And one of the keys to this, of course, is having those origination capabilities.  I would say in real estate origination and in corporate credit origination, we're a leader in the field or at the very top, I think in structured and asset back, there are certain areas like renewables we've been very active, aircraft, but there are many more verticals and I would say there's room for us to grow and expand. We are going to build our capabilities because I think this is very important. And that I think you will see this movement of pools of capital who want to own credit assets, get much closer to the borrowers, and that's really what's going to be facilitated. And then I would just add, of course, as we do this, we're not going to rely on taking on large-scale liabilities and doing spread investing against those. What we're going to be focused on is being a third-party manager of capital in this area, just as we've done historically as a firm.
Weston Tucker : We are ready for the next question, Steve.
Operator: Thank You. That question is from the line of Arnaud Giblat, BNP. Please go ahead.
Arnaud Giblat : Hi. Good morning. One question please. On -- we've seen a lot of U.S. insurance yields like your AIG deal. I'm wondering if you could discuss whether you see opportunities to do ensured -- these insurance type deals in Europe. Is the regulatory -- regulation around capital conducive for this and whether there's availability of books in general? Thank you.
Jon Gray : So, there could be some opportunity in Europe. The structure of insurance, there's this concept of with profits that makes it in many of the countries more challenging to do, and in some countries, the regulatory framework. It's possible that in some ways some of the Asian countries may be easier to adopt the model. Our hope though is that we will find a way to do more in Europe over time. But I would say there are more challenges. The reason why this should happen back to the earlier question is if you're a European insurance Company and you're buying corporate or government fixed income, today, you're earning virtually no return. And so, I think it's going to be important for these insurers to have more origination capabilities. So, I think it will head that way over time, but I would say it's behind the U.S. at this point.
Arnaud Giblat : All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Ken Washington of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Washington : Hi. Good morning. Senator Warren (ph) put out some legislation aimed at Private Equity investing but Blackstone invests all over the world with investment dollars raised from clients all over the world in various asset classes. So maybe 1. how much of Blackstone could be impacted by the Wall Street looting act and what parts might not be. Then maybe 2, are you seeing political and regulatory involvement in private markets investing in Europe and Asia and is scrutiny there sort of rising as well?
Jon Gray : I'd start with the fact that what we do as a firm and I think others in the industry were remarkably proud of. And unfortunately, I think there is this outdated view stuck in the 1980s of private equity and alternative firms harming companies in communities. And nothing could be further from the truth if you look at what we do to accelerate growth, I mean, we announced yesterday an investment in Sara Blakely's Spanx business. Terrific Company, terrific founder, lots of potential. We're going to help that business grow faster. Same story with Reese Witherspoon at Hello Sunshine.  We did this with Whitney Wolfe Herd at Bumble. What we're doing around green energy, where we've invested $11 billion in the last two years, we're really proud of that. What we're doing in life sciences as a leader, accelerating development of powerful technologies to make human beings live longer and safer lives. And then it's just in traditional private equity, what we do with businesses to make them grow is so important. And I haven't figured out yet how you destroy companies and somehow generate the kinds of returns private equity has, amongst our clients, private equity is the highest returning asset class, and that's happening because we're growing businesses and investing in businesses.  I give you that as background because as we walk policymakers around the world and in the US through the facts, they increasingly understand that I don't expect that there will be a specific legislation that will pass. I don't see that is near-term likely. We are, as I said, very proud of what we do. And I think we're going to continue to do it in a good way, have a positive impact. And at the end of the day, of course, so many of the benefits flow to pension funds and the police officers, firefighters, teachers, city workers around the world and particularly here in the United States. So, a lot of pride in what we do and we feel really good about it. And when we get a chance to articulate that, generally the facts went out, and we would expect that will happen in the future.
Ken Washington : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Christoph Kotowski, Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christoph Kotowski : Yeah. Good morning. I forget the exact words that you used in your opening comments, but it was something like that you were poised for an even greater breakout in earnings. And I was wondering just with a 56% FRE margin, were you implying that there's significant upside to that as you launch the next-generation of flagship funds and so on, or should we not get greedy and just kind of expect earnings growth to follow an AUM growth over the next couple of years?
Michael Chae : Well, Chris, I think the comment was a broad one, a really positive one, not necessarily in any aspect of earnings growth, but about the overall picture and the overall picture on FRE and also on performance revenues where I think with both cylinders, we are firing and have earn a tremendous position. I think over time, we've exhibited strength on both the top line in terms of our ability to exhibit operating leverage, and expand margins overtime. We would expect that to continue generally, but no need to overread into the comments.
Christoph Kotowski : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Devin Ryan, JMP Securities, please go ahead.
Devin Ryan : Hi. Great. Good morning. Question on infrastructure business at $14 billion. I think you said 80% is committed and reopening for fund raising. Just love to get an update on what LP appetite looks like in that area right now, how relevant something happening in Washington is to either influencing the opportunity or sentiment around the opportunity. And then if you can, just a broader update about how you guys were thinking about the addressable market there. It still seems like a big area of white space, obviously relatively small AUM relative to the firm and I think opportunities. So just an update there would be appreciated.
Jon Gray : So, we feel terrific about this infrastructure business primarily because we've done a great job out of the box, returns wise, for our customers, that's always the most important thing we've delivered for our customers. What I would say is there's a lot of interest generally in the infrastructure, particularly as people think about owning hard assets with long duration and some yield in a rising inflationary environment. So, I would suspect that we'll have good responses to the business. What I would point out is this is not a draw down funds, so like our BPP Core Plus institutional real estate business, we will start to raise money on a quarterly basis.  What tends to happen is you have a surge of fundraising then you deploy the capital, as the queue goes down you raise more capital. But what we like about the business is the type of assets you can invest in. We just made this large investment in datacenters. We really like digital infrastructure. We've done a big investment in a fiber-to-the-home business based in the Southeast U.S. We have some really attractive transportation businesses around ports and roads and airports. And as I said, I think investors like this asset class a lot, they're under exposed to it and there are not many places where there are open-ended funds that provide liquidity over time and that they find attractive as well. So, this is a business that today at $14 billion is small, I believe, relative to its long-term potential.
Michael Chae : And I will just add to that that our strategy and the demand for it and the deals we've been doing, it doesn't rely on whether public private partnerships come to pass out of the current legislation or in the future. The physical infrastructure GAAP around the world.  with demand in areas like digital infrastructure which Jon mentioned just organically, are so large, private capital is there as sort of the primary solution today. And if partnerships between governments and private investors emerges or expands over time then that's -- I would say that will be interesting and sort of gravy, but not something we're depending on.
Devin Ryan : Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final questions come from the line of Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alexander Blostein : Great. Good morning. Hey, guys. Sorry for the phone issues earlier. I wanted to follow up on the discussion around retail product and really think about capacity. Jon, you addressed some of the capacity dynamics earlier on which again, sounds like you have plenty of origination capabilities not to really worry about it. The capacity that I have is really with respect to concentration with various distribution platforms. Just given the size of the business for you today and given how quickly it's been growing, are there any concerns in the horizon with respect to just how much capital each single distribution platform can have with a single manager? Thanks.
Jon Gray : It's a good question. The good news is the market is so large that even with an individual distribution house, what can seem like a lot of capital is still pretty small. A number of these places have multi-trillions of dollars of assets under management. So, if you end up with $30 billion or $40 billion, even $80 billion or $100 billion, it's still a small percentage. And also, I would point out in the U.S., we're early days along the path of IRAs. We think around the world particularly Asia, there's a lot of savings looking for alternatives and exposure to the type of things we do. Overall, I think globally there's 70 trillion of wealth.  With people with more than $1 million dollars of investable assets, which is the target traditionally. And I think they are allocated to alternatives. I don't even know maybe 1% or something, a very, very low number. And so, when we think about where this can go, yes, the potential is significant. And in closing, the reason we're so excited is, we're early days on the retail journey. I think the story is similar in insurance, we're early days for folks like us to manage capital. And in the institutional world, we continue to see increasing allocations and we're still growing fast in that channel as well. So having these multiple very scalable channels in us with this very powerful platform, this is a really strong combination in what gives us so much enthusiasm and optimism as we look forward.
Alexander Blostein : Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And now I'd like to hand over to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker : Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Goodbye.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2021 Investor Call. During this presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. I'd like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded. And now I'd like to hand over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Joanna, and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer.
Steve Schwarzman : Thanks, Weston, and good morning and thank you for joining our call. The firm's results were truly outstanding in the second quarter. Distributable earnings nearly doubled year-over-year to $1.1 billion, while fee-related earnings increased 30% to over $700 million. The last 12 months, both DE and FRE reached record levels. Our investment performance represented the best quarter and 12-month period of fund appreciation in our 35.5 year history. In addition, AUM grew 21% year-over-year to another record, $684 billion. The second quarter, in my view, was the most consequential in our history, not just in terms of financial results, but more importantly, in terms of setting the foundation for the firm's long-term growth trajectory. We're seeing significant momentum with our expansion into the retail and insurance channels, including landmark announcement last week, our partnership with AIG, comprising at least $92 billion of AUM over time. These channels represent fast new markets for Blackstone and a new paradigm for growth at the firm.
Jon Gray : Thank you, Steve. Good morning to everyone. We have consistently outlined a simple vision for the firm: deliver strong investment performance, and we will attract more capital. This powers the Blackstone innovation machine and allows us to broaden the customers we can serve and the investments we can make. Our second quarter results were a picture-perfect example of this model at work. Starting with investment performance. All of our flagship strategies again posted outstanding returns, leading to the best quarter for fund appreciation in the firm's history, as Steve mentioned. This performance is reflective of the way we positioned investor capital over the past several years towards fast-growing areas of the economy, including logistics, life sciences, sustainability and tech-enabled businesses. These sectors have continued to benefit from strong fundamentals, further accelerated by the onset of the pandemic.
Michael Chae: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'll first review the firm's financial results, highlighted by continued strong momentum across our key metrics. I'll then discuss investment performance and share additional details on the partnership with AIG. Starting with results. Total AUM rose 21% year-over-year or by $120 billion to record levels, driven by robust gross inflows of $116 billion over the last 12 months and despite record realizations of $63 billion. The sustained strength of the firm's recent inflows without raising any of our largest flagship funds highlights the significant expansion of product offerings and growth in perpetual capital that Steve and Jon described. Fee earning AUM rose 14% year-over-year to $499 billion, nearly 1/3 of which is now perpetual, driving 24% growth in management fees to a record $1.2 billion in the second quarter. Fee-related earnings increased 30% year-over-year to $704 million in the quarter or $0.58 per share. For the last 12 months, FRE increased a remarkable 40% to a record $2.8 billion or $2.33 per share, more than double our annual FRE at the time of our Investor Day just 3 years ago. Key drivers, as we've talked about, include the continued expansion of existing strategies; scaling of new businesses, which are increasingly contributing to profitability; the transformational effect on earnings power from perpetual capital strategies; and the firm's robust margin position. FRE margin expanded to 54.4% for the trailing 12 months, and we continue to expect full year 2021 margin to be approximately in this area. Overall, we remain highly confident in the outlook for this high-quality earnings stream. Distributable earnings nearly doubled year-over-year to $1.1 billion in the second quarter or $0.82 per share, underpinned by the growth in FRE and a more than six-fold increase in net realizations from the pandemic trough to $518 million as the market environment supported strong activity levels. Fund realizations reached nearly $20 billion in the quarter, with an additional $5.9 billion currently under contract or closed after quarter end. During the quarter, we sold our Australian logistics portfolio and brought a number of holdings public and executed sales of public positions, including Sona Comstar, TaskUs, Custom Truck One Source, Apria, Finance of America and post quarter end, Alight. Since the start of the year, we publicly listed 20 companies and 33% of the corporate private equity portfolio is now public. Turning to investment performance, which remains outstanding across the firm. Our portfolio of companies are reporting some of the best trends we've seen against the backdrop of continued strength in global equity and credit markets and the broad-based economic recovery that is underway. In real estate, the BREP opportunistic funds appreciated 9.4% in the quarter, while the Core+ funds appreciated 5.7%. For the last 12 months, the BREP funds appreciated 25.4% and Core+ appreciated 18%. BREIT continues to show particular strength, driving the inflows that Steve and Jon highlighted, with depreciation of 8.3% in the second quarter. Since inception 5 years ago, BREIT has delivered 11% net returns annually. Our overall real estate returns continue to be driven by gains in logistics, which now comprises approximately 40% of the global portfolio, along with U.S. suburban multifamily, life sciences office and in the second quarter, U.S. hospitality. In private equity, the corporate private equity funds appreciated 13.8% in the quarter, the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit appreciation and 52% over the last 12 months. The corporate PE funds have appreciated 45% from pre-crisis levels, well ahead of public market indices over the same period. Strength remains broad-based across both private and public portfolios, led by our technology-related and energy holdings. Notable gains in the quarter included those from the IPOs of 2 thematically driven investments led by our India team. Sona Comstar, India's largest component supplier for electric vehicles; and TaskUs, a technology services company for leading online platforms. Comstar was valued at a multiple of original cost of nearly 10x at the end of the quarter and TaskUs at nearly 8x, further building upon the firm's highly successful track record in Asia. Our credit business delivered strong results in the second quarter, driven by improving fundamentals and spread tightening across both private and public holdings along with strength in energy. The private credit strategies reported a gross return of 4.8% in the quarter and 29% for the last 12 months. The liquid credit strategies reported a gross return of 1.7% in the quarter and 11% for the last 12 months. Finally, BAAM's BPS composite return was 3.5% gross in the quarter and 15.3% for the last 12 months. Overall, exceptional investment performance across the firm powered over $2 billion of net accrued performance revenues in the quarter and lifted the balance sheet receivable up 30% sequentially $6.8 billion, the highest level ever; and up over 1.6x the pre-COVID balance, highlighting the very strong fundamental positioning of our portfolio. At the same time, the firm's invested performance revenue-eligible AUM increased 41% year-over-year to a record $351 billion. These are both important leading indicators of future value. Moving to the AIG partnership, which is both strategically and financially compelling for our firm. By year-end, we expect AIG to transfer the initial $50 billion of their Life and Retirement portfolio to Blackstone, which, over time, as the portfolio matures, will be primarily reinvested in Blackstone-originated investments in private and structured credit. In each of years 2 through 6 of the relationship, our partner has committed an additional $8.5 billion in new assets per year, bringing total committed assets to $92.5 billion over time. Following the initial 6-year period, the partnership renews subject to long-term relative performance measures. We anticipate fee revenues to Blackstone of approximately $150 million in 2022, increasing to approximately $400 million by year 6. These revenues will carry attractive incremental margins given our extensive existing capabilities. We will also invest $2.2 billion for a 9.9% stake in the new company upon closing of the transaction. With over $5 billion of cash and corporate treasury investments and minimal net debt our balance sheet and access to low-cost capital afford us full flexibility to execute the strategic investment. Following AIG L&R's IPO, we will hold publicly traded common stock subject to certain phased lockup restrictions in what will be the third largest public U.S. life insurer. In closing, as Blackstone moves into the second half of 2021 and passed the second anniversary of our conversion, we have never been better positioned as a firm. One of the several benefits of conversion has been our inclusion in most of the market indices, including being added last month to Russell's U.S. indices, a key benchmark for both index and active money managers. The dual catalyst of exceptional financial performance, coupled with a much broader universe of investors that can own our stock, has translated into a powerful value proposition for shareholders. We believe there is significant support to continue this momentum. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr at Evercore ISI.
Weston Tucker: Joanna, it seems like Glenn might be having an issue with his line. Maybe we should move to the next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So maybe starting with the retail platform and given success of both BREIT and BCRED, and obviously, the footprint in the retail channel continues to grow. You talked about expansion into several new products. So maybe we'll dig in a little bit more there first. Jon, I know you mentioned EU sort of BREIT product. How quickly do you guys expect that to ramp? I think I heard September launch. And then broadly, it feels like there's a lot of runway still to leverage your distribution in brand and retail broadly. So curious what other type of product might be suitable for the retail channel that you guys could work on over time.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Alex. I'd back up, and Steve touched on this, but the size of the retail market globally, I think, is $80 trillion for folks who have more than $1 million of assets. And today, their allocation to alternatives is in the low single-digits. And so we think that the market is very big, and they're just starting to come to it as you're seeing. And we're having great success domestically first -- frankly, globally. But first with BREIT, now with BCRED. And yes, we do think there are more products that we can deliver. You noted the European-focused product. I think it's too early to say how big it can be. What we do know is if we deliver strong performance in a world where people have limited investment options, particularly around getting attractive yield, we tend to attract assets. So what we do is we create a product that we think can deliver for the customers. That's the most important thing. We distribute it and then we keep executing. And we find more and more investors find it attractive. And that's exactly what's happened with BREIT. It's what's happened with BCRED and we would expect, hopefully, with  over time, although I don't want to dimensionalize the size because I think it's just too early. In terms of future products, I don't know if I want to go into specifics yet. But there are a number of areas where we can do this given the scale of our platform, and that is our great competitive advantage that we're sort of everywhere around the world. We're in each of these verticals. But the bar is set by can we deliver for the customer. So I don't think we have anything yet to talk about, but I would expect over time, we will roll out more of these sequentially. And if we deliver as we have in the past, we think they can grow to be quite substantial.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz at Citi.
Bill Katz: A lot of detail here, so I appreciate all that. Just as you think about the capital raising in the insurance opportunity. Congratulations on both oil state and AIG deals now at this point. What's the path forward here in terms of gathering more assets? Is it incremental investments such as AIG? Or is it just sort of leveraging your origination capability and working with sort of other third parties? Just trying to see how you sort of tap into a big market from here.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Bill. I would say we'll start with the strength of the platform we built, which is in the strength of our brand and our track record. We've said on this call a number of times that we wanted to not become an insurance company that we would make strategic investments, minority investments. And we thought because of the brand and our ability to originate credit that we could create the kind of long-term relationships where we could grow in insurance. And I think given what we've done with these last 2 transactions, I think we've proven that to the marketplace. In terms of how we go and grow from here, I think we have multiple avenues where we can have success. These relationships, each of them, I think, has the potential to grow because they are -- with the exception of Allstate, which is a runoff portfolio, our 2 other clients here with FG and AIG, these are growing businesses, and we think they can continue to grow. And as they grow, benefiting from our expertise in asset management, we'll get more assets. So that's existing clients. And then like our traditional business, we think we can serve more clients over time. And what we found is that scale is a real competitive advantage. If you think about making a $50 million mortgage loan is pretty competitive, but making a $500 million or $1 billion mortgage loan is less competitive. And so as we get more and more scale in commercial real estate lending, corporate lending, asset-backed lending, infrastructure lending, that's going to benefit all of these clients. And so it creates a bit of a virtuous cycle. So we think as we continue to grow our capabilities, we'll serve these clients particularly well. They'll grow and we can get additional clients. And we really like the momentum we have in the space today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: You guys have mentioned some very large TAMs that you think are adjustable, including the $30 trillion in insurance, $80 trillion in retail, private wealth. And in the past, you've also mentioned, I think, around $50 trillion on the traditional institutional side. But I guess as you look at your investment capabilities today, what portion of that TAM is realistically serviceable in your view? And how do you think about increasing that serviceable TAM or SAM with new capability adds and extensions to other parts of the marketplace? Certainly, DCI and Harvest have given you more liquid market capabilities. But I guess, how would you describe your overall vision and aspiration here?
Jon Gray: I think our vision, led by our Founder and CEO, is to do something very large, that the horizon here is, what we look out at is not really limited because of the scale of those markets and how underpenetrated alternatives are. So I think our number today on the institutional side is probably $60 trillion. There, that market has moved much further along on the alternatives curve. I think we'll see these other areas, particularly if you think about insurance or retail, the idea of trading some liquidity for higher returns is highly logical in this environment. What exactly the numbers are? Again, I'm not sure I want to put a number against it, but I think you're seeing here that what we talked about the $4 billion in a single month of perpetual capital from just 2 products gives you a sense of the potential here. I think the TAM here is much larger than people recognize. I think they have historically looked at our business as operating, I said this on TV earlier on, in a sort of narrow channel, and now we're really moving into these open waters. And so we think we can do more with institutional clients, and obviously, much, much more here with retail and insurance. And so the size of the markets are big. Our platform is large. Because we're in all the different verticals, we think we can do a lot. Putting a number against it, I think it's just a little bit early. But the momentum, as I said in my last question, feels incredibly positive.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty at UBS.
Adam Beatty: I want to ask about the real estate portfolio specifically. I appreciate the rundown, and you mentioned hospitality or travel and leisure real estate, which is -- was obviously dented during the pandemic and has been a historical strength of Blackstone. Just wanted to get your thoughts and maybe a little more color on how you're approaching that market now, where you see opportunities, and where in terms of proportion of the portfolio you envision it over the next couple of years.
Jon Gray: Yes. Hospitality for us used to be in real estate, a very large portion. We fortunately -- and it wasn't because we anticipated the pandemic. It was just where we saw the most attractive returns had deemphasized that. So today, it represents about 7% of our portfolio. I think that number will go up. One, I think we're going to see more of a recovery in our existing assets; but 2, that's a sector that was hit hard by COVID. And so you've seen in recent announcements, we bought in real estate and private equity. Jointly Bourne Leisure in the UK, which is the leading leisure park business there. We acquired Extended Stay Hotels in our real estate business, again, a play on the recovery in travel. And I wouldn't be surprised if we continue to do more in this space that, that percentage goes up. We do think people will return to travel, individual and leisure travel first, over time, corporate and group travel. And so it's a sector we like. We definitely have, by far, the lowest exposure we've had to it, but we'd like to increase that exposure going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Perhaps picking up on the comments as it relates to the infrastructure business and, I guess, heading back into the market for fundraising. Perhaps you could talk a little bit about the demand there, what some of the trends are and what you might expect as you go back into the market for fundraising and infrastructure?
Jon Gray: So on infrastructure, our team there, led by Sean Klimczak, has done a terrific job deploying the capital, and the returns have been really strong. And as you know, that's the key consideration for investors: do you deliver positive returns? Have you built a good portfolio? I think it's worth noting here that we're doing this in an open-ended format, and that's important because unlike our drawdown funds, it's not that we're going to -- we raised $14 billion initially. We've got this large matching commitment, but it won't be that we'll do another big close and wait 3 years. It will be like our Blackstone Property Partner funds, institutionally and Core+ real estate, where we're open every quarter. It's an open-end perpetual vehicle. Our expectation is, given the portfolio we've assembled, given the strong performance, that investors will respond. And on a quarterly basis, we'll continue to see inflows, just as we've seen in -- we talk a lot about retail Core+, but institutional Core+ has grown to be quite significant now. I think it's over $60 billion. And so I think you could see a lot of potential for infrastructure. Another engine for us, another perpetual capital vehicle where we're not forced to sell assets and another way to serve our clients and deliver what they're looking for. So I would say a sector that we see a lot of potential, and our team has done a great job the first few years with the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Just going back to AIG and the capital and the balance sheet. So I mean understanding that you're completely committed to the capital-light model and distributing the lion's share of your DE. But if I look at -- you're committing $2.2 billion for the stake in AIG. I believe you there were some capital you have -- you were putting up for the Allstate transaction. So as you look to drive deeper into the insurance industry, maybe future reinsurance or other transactions, I mean, is that at all at the mid it's just marginal, but adjusting how you're thinking of capital? And is there any possibility that how you're thinking about the 85 -- roughly 85% payout ratio you've had for many years now, it could be tweaked to accommodate growth in the insurance business?
Jon Gray: So I would say -- I'll let Michael talk about the payout ratio. I think the 9.9%, given the scale of these contracts and their long duration, is a sensible thing for us to do. It doesn't really reflect a deviation of our long-term capital-light strategy. We're not looking to take on insurance liabilities or do spread investing, really want to be the best alternative asset manager out there. What I'd also point out on the capital in the context of AIG, we will be getting public shares, which are subject to certain lockups but ultimately, will be freely tradable. And so again, we think this makes a lot of sense the way we've done this. No, I wouldn't anticipate this would change the payout ratio. But Michael, you should comment on that.
Michael Chae: I think that's really all that needs to be said. But payout ratio will not change in connection with this deal. It's not something we considered or needed to consider.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Res.
Patrick Davitt: So the AIG revenue guide seems to suggest an increase in the fee rate of something around 43 bps in year 6, which is well above other relationships we've seen. So could you explain what about the AUM mix shift is driving that increase; and then longer term, how we should think about the risk to that fee agreement through the lens of L&R probably being an independent public company at that time?
Michael Chae: Patrick, I think on the sort of fee rates that you're inferring or implying from the numbers we provided, I think what's important to underscore is versus some other agreements or partnerships in the market that involve both the base IMA and then also a series of SMAs, this is -- there is not an IMA here. It's SMA-focused around a portfolio of certain asset classes where we have high expertise and where sort of the return and yields profile is higher. And that's critical to the relationship. So it's a bit of an apple and an orange to compare that maybe to some other relationships on a total blended basis. On the term, as I mentioned, there's an initial 6-year period, and then it's subject to renewal based on long-term relative performance measures.
Jon Gray: And I would just add to Michael's comment to reinforce what he said. What AIG did here was retain us on the private assets. And they also left themselves the flexibility to do what they want on their liquid fixed income assets. And so I think to Michael's point, it's an apples and orange to compare to other relationships because this is obviously just on those direct credit assets, which are obviously more expensive to manage and originate.
Michael Chae: And while we won't speak for our friends at AIG, they'll speak for themselves. I think from their point of view, they're moving towards trying to achieve a very attractive low-cost overall approach to asset management with obviously attractive yield uplift and return profile.
Operator: And our next question Jim comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: I'm curious, your previous comments on the call talked about an acceleration of growth, which is an amazing comment given how good growth has been. And you rightfully upped the guide on $100 billion to $200 billion raise given the insurance deal. So my question is on FRE specifically. It was up 30% year-on-year. With all that momentum behind it in capital raising, do you have any thoughts to hold our hand and what we should expect out of FRE over the next, say, couple of years?
Michael Chae: Glenn, I think we'll just stick to our normal policy of not giving guidance on that and just, I think, reinforce the -- our sense of optimism around it that you're probably picking up from our remarks.
Glenn Schorr: Fair enough. And I'll squeeze a little one in on secondaries. You didn't give much color on when you were talking about the performance numbers, but the performance was up 17.7% in the quarter. That would be a pretty good year in any period of time. How much of that is the lag catch-up from previous good quarters? But again, this was a good strong quarter in the open markets. What should we be expecting out of secondaries on the go-forward?
Michael Chae: Thanks, Glenn. You got it. It's -- that reflects the historical traditional 2-quarter lag relative to the underlying GP marks in return. So that's Q4 of last year, and we know that was a strong quarter across the industry. I will note that we're actually, more on this next quarter, moving -- endeavoring to move to more -- closer to a 1-quarter lag in terms of the reporting of that business. So we'll hopefully narrow that gap. And I think you can look at whether publicly traded alt managers and the returns they reported in Q1, and now Q2, to see where that will go on a secondaries basis.
Jon Gray: It bodes well, obviously, since the private equity space was up a fair amount, industry-wide in Q1. And I think we'll do well like we've done well in Q2. So our secondaries business has a lot of momentum and I think can grow to be significantly larger given what Vern Perry and the team have done for investors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arnaud Giblat at Exane BNPP.
Arnaud Giblat: Can you talk about the potential capital gains, tax changes in the U.S. and how that's impacting your deal flow? Are there many private companies seeking to exit to take advantage of the lower tax rate before that changes?
Jon Gray: Yes. It's a good question. I think it has impacted deal flow this year. I think there are owners, both family owners of businesses and private equity firms, who see the potential increase in capital gains and have accelerated their decision-making. I don't know where it ultimately lands, but I do think it's been a factor in the uptick in deal activity. Obviously, the growth of our platform and all these different cost of capital and the scale of what we can do, has certainly helped. But there's some element, it's hard to quantify, of people pushing forward some sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan at JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Just a question on realization activity. Clearly, a lot of momentum right now. So I just want to dig in on a couple of the businesses. So within real estate, you're really nice to see the acceleration in the quarter. If you can talk a little bit more about the trajectory or momentum there, that would be helpful. And then within private equity, also really favorable backdrop at the moment. I know you guys don't necessarily think like this, but are we moving maybe towards peak realizations in that business? Or how would you frame private equity as well?
Jon Gray: So we obviously have a constructive market environment, and that is helpful for realizations. Michael talked about the accrued carry receivable rising to a record level. We also have record investment performance revenue-eligible AUM, one of my favorite terms, which is another forward indicator. I would say real estate has lagged a little bit the private equity world because it was more impacted by COVID. But as the world reopens, we're seeing strength in real estate and particularly in the sectors that we were focused on. So more than 2/3 of our portfolio in real estate is in logistics, life science office buildings and rental housing. All of those areas are doing quite well. And we've begun to see, as we talked about earlier, snapback in some of the hospitality and leisure assets. So I think you will see more over time in real estate. I think you'll see more gains and more realizations. We're focused, of course, on exiting at the optimal moment. So it's very hard to say when it will happen. But we're seeing sort of a step-function increase in values in private real estate markets, particularly in some of our most favored categories, and that bodes well. In private equity, Michael commented on this, but 1/3 of our corporate private equity portfolio is public. That's obviously helpful for -- as a forward indicator of realizations. There's strength in the marketplace for private businesses we own. Again, we'll do it at the optimal time. I think what's changed versus the past is just the breadth of the businesses we're in. We now -- 2 years ago, we didn't have a growth business. We didn't have the life sciences business. The scale of our secondaries business has gotten much bigger. Even our credit business, which 12 months ago didn't have the kind of performance when we marked things down, has seen a real recovery and I think will begin to see some realizations. That's more of a European-type waterfall. So I see it as broad-based. It's obviously connected to markets. But I would say we're pretty optimistic across the whole firm as it relates to realizations.
Michael Chae: And Devin, I'd just add, I mentioned in my remarks, we had, since the beginning of the year, something like 20 sort of listings of public companies across the firm. Another way of saying that is we've created a lot of public market cap out there. It's something like $17 billion associated with those 20 transactions and in aggregate, had significant unrealized gains relative to the sort of prior marks as private companies. So that's what you're seeing fueling in part the growth in the net accrued, and that's obviously a reflection of the strength of the companies and also of the markets. And I think in terms of peak, we'll see. But I think the when you see the carry receivable elevated, as it is right now, and the scale of the BREP platform and the growth in, as Jon said, the realizations come subsequently. And so we -- if markets hold up and hang in there, that's a forward indicator, not a lagging indicator, of the future trajectory of realizations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski at Oppenheimer.
Christoph Kotowski: I guess a question for Jon. I know that office hasn't been a focus of yours in real estate for the last couple of years. But I'm curious if you have an early read on how kind of the post-vaccine reopening is impacting usage patterns. And I guess, in particular, I'm wondering kind of are white-collar employers, to the extent that they're negotiating their space needs now, are they taking down more space, less space, same amount? Are the shops and restaurants and central office districts around the world reopening in anticipation of full occupancy? Or is that not happening?
Jon Gray: So I think it's a -- it varies by region. Just to frame things. You are right. Office for us has not been a big component. Traditional U.S. office represents 4% of our overall real estate portfolio.  I would say in places like China, employees have gone back to the office. Europe, certainly in the U.K., we're seeing more of that. The U.S., I would say, has been the slowest, particularly in the large markets, the coastal markets. New York and San Francisco, vacancies are elevated. So in places like New York, vacancy, I think, is 15% or 16%; San Francisco, as high as 20%. And that obviously gives tenants more leverage. I think a lot of tenants are being cautious because they're not sure about their space needs. But we are seeing some upticks. Technology firms are definitely out there. And I think a lot of companies are concluding that ultimately, they need to have people together and that they will return to the office even if there's more flexibility. So I think our forecast is a challenging near-term environment. Until we get through COVID, there'll be probably more vacancy as we've seen. But ultimately, markets will recover. There will be a lot less building. But it is definitely a sector that's facing some near-term headwinds, particularly in the U.S.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz.
Bill Katz: Maybe a little more of a modeling question, just for Michael. Just sort of trying to triangulate your commentary around your FRE margin for this year versus maybe some of the quarter-to-quarter swings between base comp and the G&A line. How do you sort of see those going forward? How much was maybe seasonal in 2Q versus more exit run-rate levels? Michael Chae - CFO Yes. Bill, good questions. I mentioned in my remarks, sort of best to look at margins over multiple quarters and really on an LTM basis. And the LTM margin of 54.4, similar comment as last quarter, is a reasonable sort of proxy or a reflection of what we think the run rate for the full year will be. Obviously, there are variables, including on non-comp operating expense, sort of the pace and timing of the rebound from COVID and resumed spending on T&E and so forth. So -- but when you step back, again, on a sort of trailing 12 months basis, our fee-related revenues as a firm grew at 30% and our sort of total fee expenses grew at 20%. And that's really the dynamic you're seeing and the operating leverage dynamic you're seeing in terms of revenues growing in excess of expenses. So I think focus on that sort of LTM margin, and that's a good sort of baseline starting point from here.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: And Michael, I have another kind of modeling question for you. So taxes and related payables, I know it kind of bounces around. They jumped about $60 million this quarter. I don't know if that's related to the  payment. But is there any kind of color or maybe guidance you can give us on how we should expect that line to behave and maybe some forward commentary around kind of the migration of the tax rate going forward?
Michael Chae: Yes. I think I got the question, Rob. There is -- I'll give a similar answer in terms of looking over a 12-month period, but there's seasonality intra-year in our tax rates, with the second and fourth quarters being seasonally higher, first and third seasonally lower based on really the timing of deductions throughout the year. So if you look at our Q1 DE per common effective tax rate is about 9.9%, 10% this quarter, 18%, averaging about 14% for the first half. Again, that's more or less in line with our full year expectation. So -- and if you step back at a time of conversion, we talked about over the near to medium term sort of a low to mid-teens effective tax rate for common. And so that -- call it, that 14% first half baseline is in line with that. So just to connect those dots for you.
Operator: And now I'd like to hand over to Weston Tucker for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning and look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and have a very good day. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2021 Investor Call. My name is Joann and Im your event manager. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only.  I'd like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded. And now, I'd like to hand over to Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Joann, and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's first quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. And for a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $3.4 billion, distributable earnings were $1.2 billion or $0.96 per common share and we declared a dividend of $0.82, we paid to holders of record as of May 3. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you, Weston, and good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported remarkable results for the first quarter. Distributable earnings more than doubled year-over-year to $1.2 billion, fee-related earnings rose nearly 60% year-over-year and for the last 12 months were up 40% to a record $2.6 billion. Investment performance was extremely strong again in the quarter, as it has been for over 35 years, driving the balance sheet receivable to record levels. At the same time, we grew AUM 21% year-over-year, with industry record $649 billion. The firm has exceptional forward momentum. I anticipate significant continued expansion of our earnings power, particularly in FRE for the foreseeable future. It's just the result of the new products we're launching and the acceleration of existing ones, which John will describe in more detail and as he did on television this morning. Blackstone is the clear leader in the alternative sector. We've also established ourselves as one of the leading public companies in any industry. We've grown from $400,000 in startup capital in 1985 to become the 87th largest U.S. public company by market cap today.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. It was another tremendous quarter for Blackstone and our investors. The virtuous cycle of strong investment performance leading to further inflows, increasingly from perpetual strategies continues to drive our firm. This perpetual capital is fueling a powerful transformation in the assets we manage and the earnings we generate. Blackstone is a branded asset light manager with a compelling recurring revenue model. Moving to the quarter in investment performance, all of our flagship strategies again posted outstanding returns, equating to the second best quarter for fund appreciation in the firm's history after Q4. This reflects the way we position investor capital over the past several years towards fast-growing areas of the economy, including logistics, life sciences and tech enabled businesses. These sectors are benefiting from very positive fundamentals, which have accelerated since the onset of COVID. Our customers continue to respond favorably to our performance and demand for our products is stronger than ever. Total inflows were $32 billion in the quarter, with approximately half in perpetual strategies, including real estate Core+ and direct lending.  In total perpetual capital AUM has grown to nearly $150 billion across 15 vehicles up over 130% since investor day, these are the fastest growing areas of the firm today and it's hard to overstate their positive impact. Our business had been historically concentrated in long-term but finite live, corporate private equity and opportunistic real estate drawdown funds. In these strategies, we acquire and improve companies and assets and then wait for the right time to sell and return the capital to our limited partners. This is a terrific business model and will always remain an enormous focus of our firm. I would compare it to planting seeds, which we grow and then harvest before starting the process again.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning everyone. First quarter represented a terrific start to the year characterized by strong momentum in all of our key financial and operating metrics and a record store value. Total AUM rose 21% year-over-year, or $111 billion to record levels, with every segment reaching a record for both total and fee earning AUM. Fee related earnings rose 58% year-over-year to $741 million in the quarter, or $0.62 per share driven by strong growth in fee revenues and significant margin expansion. Management fees increased 25% year-over-year to a record $1.2 billion. Fee related performance revenues were $169 million in the quarter driven by the crystallization of revenues from our European logistics platform in real estate Core+. We expect the next significant contribution from Core+ fee related performance revenues will occur in the fourth quarter. For the last 12 months, FRE rose 40% to a record $2.6 billion or $2.20 per share reflective of the continuing positive transformation, the firm's earnings profile that Steve and Jon described. Distributable earnings more than doubled year-over-year to $1.2 billion or $0.96 per share underpinned by the growth in FRE and in nearly five-fold increase in net realizations to $549 million.
Operator: Thank you. Your question-and-answer session will now begin.  Our first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler at Credit Suisse. Please proceed. You are live in the call, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: We had a question on product innovation and it's impressive to see that you already have $77 billion of AUM Core+. And we've also seen multiple new product launches at Blackstone over the last few years and a large increase in perpetual capital strategies with recurring fee-related earnings, including BREIT and now BCRED. Can you walk us through the newer businesses and help us think about how these strategies will help Blackstone's fee-related earnings continue to expand an attractive growth rate?
Jon Gray: Its a good question, Craig. What I would say is that our customers have enormous confidence in us. And that's where we start because we've done such a good job over a long period of time. It gives us the flexibility to create new businesses and our brand also allows us to attract talent when we needed to grow some of these new businesses. And so there's a range of them out there if I just think. You talked about Core+ real estate. We introduced the latest product at the end of last year, a life science office product, that's now already at $12 billion. Given what's happening in life sciences, we think there's a ton of potential there. Over the last few years, we created a dedicated life science business, as you know, that has a lot of momentum, we raised the large funds there and we think there's a lot of potential to innovate off that. Similarly, growth equity, which we announced had its final close and is off to a terrific start. Great deployment of capital. Our infrastructure business is just a few years old and I think has the potential to grow to real scale. We've done a terrific job deploying capital, the results are strong. And then as you mentioned, by the way, in secondaries, we're doing a continuation fund, which is a new product, just going in the market now. And then, we have some of these perpetual vehicles in the individual investor channel that has a lot of momentum. BREIT is contributing. By the way, many of those things I described are out there today, but at a scale where they're not contributing a ton of economics. But as they grow, they will add a lot to the bottom line of the firm, they also add a lot to the intellectual capital. BCRED, which you mentioned, is still in a fee holiday. It's raised about $3 billion at this point. It's a product that is now I think about four months old or so. And investors, again, are responding to Blackstone quality product in a world where people are looking for yield. So I would say all of these things have the potential to grow to be larger with terrific teams. We have a lot of interest from investors. We're delivering strong results and they'll start to hit the bottom line. I don't know if we have exact financial impact. But I think there's big potential from a number of these new innovations.
Michael Chae: And on the financial impact, Craig, what I'd add is, obviously, more established, but still quite young initiatives like Core+ are contributing in a big way, as we've talked about. The AUM of Core+ is up over 50% year-over-year on a relatively big base. But then, on the quite new initiatives, Jon mentioned growth, Jon mentioned life sciences, I would say those. And this is I think what you're getting at have gone from sort of a year ago, us being an investment mode from a financial point of view, so now those businesses being in positive contribution mode, but they're still early in their ramp in terms of that contribution path. So, a lot going on. And I think, we're very optimistic in the short and longer-term.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys at Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. My question is just around democratizing access to the private markets. I guess, what opportunity do you see from technology advances and new private market platforms that are emerging to broaden access to the private markets to make it easier for retail to access? And what opportunity is there, would you say to create perhaps a more delightful and seamless experience on the way into the asset class and over the life from a retail customer standpoint? How do you see that evolving?
Jon Gray: It's important because I do think for individual investors who do not have large finance departments, like institutions, making it easier, the reporting simpler, is important. We work very closely with our distribution partners to try to make the experience better for the underlying customers. And one of our advantages is the scale of offerings, the breadth of products we offer, the number of people we have dedicated to our private wealth solutions area, Joan Solotar and her team have done a great job. We are spending more and more time on technology to try to make that experience better. We're also doing more in terms of communications, because when you go from having hundreds of customers to tens of thousands of customers, how you reach them changes. And so, I think this is part of the evolution, I think, at our scale, given the number of products we offer, we are uniquely set up to do this. It will be done in partnership with the big firms who distribute, who have the financial advisors and relationships, they're critical to our business. But it's an area I think both sides have to get better because the customer experience, I don't think is good enough yet.
Michael Chae: And I'd add to that, Mike, a couple of things. One, Jon alluded to this. In terms of simplifying the reporting. So this is less about technology and more about our own innovations around things like BREIT versus historically have non-traded REITs, sort of, I think we're more opaque performance about sort of the customer experience. So creating a fee structure that was like our institutional fee structure, attractive to retail investors easy to understand, making performance reporting more transparent. And then, I just say one sort of maybe a smaller, more granular technology point, we're  we happen to be a small investor by capital. But more importantly, we've worked with them a lot around sort of partnering to make the retail customer and smaller investor experience better and more transparent with higher service levels around their technology platform, so we're pleased to be partnered with them as well.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris at Wells Fargo. Please proceed, Chris.
Chris Harris: Great. Thanks, guys. So really outstanding investment performance in the quarter. We're hearing a lot more from investors. We're talking about the prospect for potentially much higher inflation. What are Blackstone's views on this? And how does it guide your investment decision making process, if at all?
Jon Gray: I think it's the major risk that's out there today. We and I think a lot of others believe the economic recovery will be quite strong, which should fuel positive revenues. We're seeing that in our portfolio and positive earnings, but the question is around inflation pressures and multiples. And so, our response to that is to try to buy businesses that are in these good neighborhoods that have real tailwinds. That can grow to offset what could be some multiple pressures. And you see that in, obviously, tech and life sciences and global logistics. But then, in this quarter, we talked about big push into the COVID recovery, travel play, which we did in a number of businesses around the world. We talked about sustainability in area where obviously, there's a lot of capital flowing in and opportunity as we electrify the grid and try to clean up the planet. Housing is another area, we liked a lot. We bought a business that does furnishings for single family homes, finishes, I should say for single family homes. We've done a lot of rental housing, in our real estate business. And so what we're trying to do is position ourselves for things that look and feel is at least bond like as possible. People worry at times, real estate, concerns around that. Yes, if you own a 20 year flat leased office building that could be concerning. But if you own multifamily apartments where you're resetting the rents every year and there's a ton of job creation and household formation, you can capture the benefits of growth. And that's how we're trying to prepare ourselves for what we do think will be a higher inflationary environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: I was hoping to build on the topic of growth and perpetual capital products. And, obviously, real estate Core+ has been an enormous success for you guys. When you look out across the rest of Blackstone's portfolio and the rest of your verticals, which one do you think is sort of ripe to see similar degree of growth and similar degree of success, given customer demands and your distribution abilities?
Jon Gray: Well, I would say Alex, there's still a lot of runway in real estate is a first starting spot, not just in the United States, I think we can do more globally, both institutionally and retail. So I still think we're early days in the build out of that. My next stop would be in credit. In the U.S. and in Europe, obviously, we talked about the early returns in the private BDC in terms of people allocating more capital in a yield hungry environment. If you can deliver consistent yield without taking undue risk, I think that's attractive, I think that can grow. As you move into private equity, there are more opportunities. We've grown our core private equity business, which I don't think we deem is perpetual capital, but has 20 year fund life. And I think there could be opportunities with secondaries and some things in private equity, potentially, for individual investors. But the most important thing to us is to make sure the customer has a good experience. So if we design a product, we want to deliver on the promise of that product and that's first and foremost. We know we can raise capital for lots of different things. What matters is that we deliver. And so, I do think there's opportunity for more things in a perpetual format. There could be royalty opportunities, there could be other opportunities, but it has to be built for scale and built to deliver for the customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Question on the insurance side, obviously, a focus for everybody, you've made some hires to sharpen that focus, correct me if I'm wrong. My perception is that announced deal activity has slowed a little. I'm curious what you're seeing and say the pre-pipe conversations and maybe just remind us of how your appetite is focused and thoughts on sizing, I'm talking on balance sheet investment. Thanks.
Jon Gray: Okay, Glenn. I'd say a few things. First off, what's driving the opportunity is this very low rate environment, which I think makes it important that insurance company balance sheets are able to originate more credit directly. And so insurance companies getting more tied to asset managers make sense, because they're the ultimate storage care for that fixed income, it could be real estate, could be corporate credit, could be structured credit. And that's the trend driving this. For us, pro forma for the Allstate acquisition, which we expected the end of this year will be at over $100 billion of insurance AUM. We think we are pretty well positioned in this business, because of the breadth and depth of our credit platform across the firm in both corporate credit and real estate credit and increasingly structured credit. We're spending a lot of time in the space,  runs that business for us, is a very talented executive. We think there's a lot of opportunity for us. We think we can help serve insurance company customers. In terms of use of capital, we have talked about being a balance sheet light company. We will not own a majority of an insurance company. In the case of Allstate as an example, we took a little less than a 10% stake in order to do that transaction and bring in outside investors. I think that's a good model for us, where we take a minority stake and in gauging a long-term contract and try to maximize the returns without taking on new risks for that insurance company balance sheet. So I think Blackstone because of our scale, how we're positioned, I think we can do a lot to help insurance companies. And we're going to continue to spend a lot of time in the area. We hope to grow it, but it is chunky. So it's hard to forecast exactly when and where it will happen. But we will be disciplined around use of capital in this context.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee at KBW.
Robert Lee: Maybe a follow up in a way to the inflation question, because with inflation usually comes higher rates. And to what extent  such strong demand, you and all your peers know, certainly lower rates, have been exacerbating that, but is there a point or at what point do you think that GDP get inflation if rates do continue to move higher that has some knock on effect of impacting, maybe even at the margin kind of a very strong demand we've seen for all types of alternatives.
Jon Gray: What I would say is the trend today, obviously strongly towards alternatives. We've been watching it for a while. It seems to be accelerating combination of rates, but also performance. I mean, if you look over long periods of time and private equity and real estate, private equity, we've delivered 15% net for three plus decades. And investors see that. The other thing I'd say is, I don't think a movement of 100 basis points or something in fixed income rates will reverse this. If you think about our clients, oftentimes, big institutions still have targets a 7% or so. So the absolute level of interest rates and what they can get from fixed income doesn't meet their targeted returns. They need higher returns, we believe we can generate from private assets. In the trade to -- essentially trade away liquidity for higher returns make sense. If you look in the credit markets, for instance, I always find it fascinating that high yield bonds today have the same -- maybe a little bit tighter spread than leveraged loans, even though leveraged loans are senior in the capital structure that reflects again, the liquidity premium that people demand for leveraged loans relative to bonds. And that really runs throughout the system. And also, I would say, our ability to intervene in businesses when we own real estate or infrastructure or companies and that consistent return we've been able to generate. And so I think increasingly what you see from investors is, this is an accepted asset class. They're almost all moving towards more. And yes, if rates go up, it could impact markets, could impact this. But I still believe this sort of long-term inexorable trend that Steve described. I think that's likely to continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Wellington at JPMorgan.
Ken Wellington: So there were a number of hedge fund events in the quarter. You guys called out GameStop, I think in the meme stocks early in the quarter. And then, there was the impact on hedge funds from the  family office later in the quarter. Looks like BAM not only was unscathed, but performance was good. Gross redemptions slowed materially, how is the perception of hedge funds changing following the good 2020 for the industry? And what are your thoughts and the potential for more consistent inflows looking forward for BAM?
Jon Gray: So, reiterating what you pointed out, BAM has had a really solid last 12 months. In the fourth quarter, despite the turmoil in the hedge fund industry, our BPS index was 2.5% up for us. We were up 18% over the last year and so delivering for the client is key. If you look at total AUM, the business is up 11% year-on-year. And I think the BAM team has done a really good job navigating a difficult environment and delivering. We've also made some important hires. As you know, we brought in Joe Dowling, who was the CIO -- longtime CIO at Brown and did a terrific job there to be the Co-head of BAM, we recently announced the hiring of Scott Bommer, who's a very successful hedge fund manager to help launch a new product. And we're adding more investing talents into BAM. And I think in a low rate environment and I think, most of us believe the long end of the curve moves up, but it feels like central banks are going to stay accommodated, people are looking for places to deploy capital, in some cases, more liquid, like in hedge funds, but where they also have some downside protection and they're not correlated, necessarily with stock markets or interest rates. So I think that puts BAM, as an excellent steward of capital, as having a lot of opportunity. I would also add in adding this investment talent, what we're looking to do in BAM is continue our core mission of delivering, steady returns, downside protected, but also add some things where there's some upside, where there's some semantic investing, some exposure to tech and growth, China, potentially those areas for different customers and offer a broader range to the products. So the BAM business, which has not grown a ton over the last five years, if you ask us, that's a business that we think could grow a lot, could be a bit of a sleeping giant. And I think as we build out to team there, we will get to show some positive things over time.
Michael Chae: Ken, just to add on this and we've talked about before. I think overall, as Jon said, very good financial performance. I think the net flows in the first quarter show to quite stable picture. But sort of beneath the surface, as we talked about, there is this growth and higher fee direct investment strategies that's going on relative to the traditional fund to funds business. That portion is almost a third of the AUM overall now. And I think a good reflection of that is, first of all revenues being up 27%, if you look LTM over prior period. And the average management fee rate, if you look at it three years ago was about 70 basis points, if you do the simple math of management fee, revenues divided by the fee earning AUM and today that's about 80 basis points, which is along with the AUM growth, you've actually had pricing increases and together that kind of revenue growth. So I think structurally, the business is expanding and pivoting in a very attractive way. Even as we're also very focused on the traditional BPS business and being all we can be in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier at Bank of America.
Mike Carrier: Given the improving economic backdrop, why don't you try to gauge where things stand across the platform from pre-COVID levels to any color you can provide with the key portfolio companies whether it's in terms of revenue or EBITDA job growth or absolute level, as well as on the real estate portfolio in terms of occupancy and rental rates? Thanks a lot.
Jon Gray: So I think it's pretty dispersed. Obviously, the Tac related businesses we have, have seen enormous increases in our Tac related, Tac enabled portfolio looks like a lot of the world, our businesses is associated with content creation, obviously, extremely positive demand for life sciences and life science, real estate really strong. So that area would be quite good. The overall portfolio in the first quarter and private equity was up double digits, the strongest in revenue than it's ever been. And that reflects broader base, things starting to spread out into the broader portfolio now, What we're beginning to see is growth in the physical world. So record slots activity at the Cosmopolitan in our infrastructure business, our   company saw more volume than it's ever in a month well up from 2019 levels. And so, some of this in the physical world, you'll begin to see in coming quarters. And in real estate, specifically, I would tell you that in the logistics and rental housing spaces, which represent the bulk of our portfolio, I don't think we've ever seen fundamentals on the ground better. And that's not yet sort of in the numbers but it's starting to pick up in a big way, logistics had been stronger, but rental housing now, with job creation, household formation is really picking up. On the flip side, of course, office markets remain weak, retail remains challenged, hotels are just starting to pick up. So it's still dispersed but we're seeing a shift here from really strong just in those sectors that did well in COVID. Now two sectors that have been on their back and they're starting to pick up momentum. And so, it feels pretty broad base more U.S. now, Europe lagging as they've had a slower time getting the vaccines out. Asia better, they've done a better job. But I think as you see the vaccine spread, this economic dam is really starting to burst and it's going to be widespread in terms of an increase in activity and revenues across most businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan at JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Question just on the SPAC market impact on deployment or realization activity. And, clearly, we'll see where we go from here with what's maybe increased SEC scrutiny. But there are more SPAC IPOs in the first quarter than all of 2020. So there's going to be a lot of capital looking to buy assets. And so, I'm just curious kind of how you're thinking about competing with SPAC, to some degree and whether that's pushing you earlier into the cycle of investing in companies and also just kind of be thinking about SPAC as an outlet for realization opportunities. Thank you.
Jon Gray: So on SPACs, we have not corporately sponsored any stack shed. But we have done a number of transactions with them merging, taking back stock and cash. And for our private equity portfolio it's led to a number of the realizations you've read about in Q1. In terms of the competitive dynamic, I think in some cases, yes, SPACs are providing some competition to us. But oftentimes, we tend to focus on larger transactions, which are tougher for SPACs. Many sellers want to sell businesses and who are shelling out, right, they want to get 100% cash, many growth companies don't necessarily want to go public and so it works for certain universe. So with that, more select universe, there can be a little more competition. But overall, we haven't seen it impede our ability to deploy capital. We put out $18 billion in the quarter. By the way, it's mostly a U.S. phenomenon to-date. But we put out $18 billion in the quarter, which was our third best quarter of deployment in our history. So we're still finding areas to invest in. SPACs are out there. It feels like there probably be fewer IPOs of SPAC in the coming months, but I don't think they're going away. I think you'll see some changes, maybe in terms of their disclosure, maybe some changes in terms of alignment, but I think we'll see SPAC in the market for some time to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of .
Unidentified Analyst: Most of the big picture questions have been asked already. So maybe it's a line item question. Michael, for yourself, I wonder if you could comment on maybe the outlook for FRE CAGR just given the tremendous tailwinds to AUM and a mix shift. And then, the FRE margin in Q1, how sustainable is that? And how should we think about that looking head as well? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Look on the FRE outlook, it's obviously positive. Stepping back, I think qualitatively there, four or so key fundamental drivers that most you're aware of to our FRE momentum. First is expansion of our existing strategies on vehicles, we continue to benefit from that in the first quarter. Second, as we talked about earlier, exceptional innovation of new businesses, which are scaling and beginning to contribute to profitability nicely BXG, BXLS being good examples of that. Third, potential capital, robust expansion, transformational effect on our earnings power given the perpetual and compounding nature of those assets. And then, fourth, your point, a strong margin position, which we'll talk a bit more about in a second. We put out a target once in Investor Day in 2018 as you know, as you all know, well, $2 for the full year 2021, we achieved that a year earlier than expected and one quarter into this year, we're at $2.20 LTM so 10% above that $2 level. So from here, we just say that we're very confident in our continued everyday momentum given the dynamics, I described. On margins, Bill, just to help you a bit, first quarter, looking at any one quarter, as you know, is there's always a bunch of different factors. The first quarter had a number of positive factors, strong operating leverage revenues growing well, in excess of expenses. We had comparisons against fee holidays in the prior year in private equity, the new business is ramping I mentioned. And then, the sort of COVID teeny effect or benefit, which we're all rooting for expecting to reverse later in the year. And in terms of the outlook, we don't want to focus on any one quarter but more over a full year period. If you look in that vein, at the LTM margin, it's approximately 54%, Bill. And I'd say that's a reasonable reflection of an approximate run rate for the full year at this point. So hopefully, that's been helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara at Jefferies.
Gerry O'Hara: Maybe actually, just dovetailing off of that prior question. Michael, I think if I heard correctly, you mentioned that the fee related performance revenues would -- the next significant I suppose event would be 4Q? Can you perhaps just remind us what some of the funds that we should be sort of mindful of where you can draw those performance fee revenues? And anything else that might help us kind of think about those in other quarters, I suppose not just 4Q? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Sure, Gerry. Look, I think, first of all, stepping back. In terms of these fee related performance revenues, we do view these as a very high quality revenue stream, it's derived from perpetual capital paid on a recurring basis on a scheduled and contractual timetable without having to sell assets. So it's very much aligned fundamentally to our view with FRE. I think the sort of main component is today, Core+, as you know, that's both BPP and BREIT. I think sort of modeling BREIT, it's straightforward. It's happens at the end of the year in the fourth quarter, you can actually track throughout the year in our net accrued disclosure in the 8K, sort of that balance as it grows in the course of the year. And then, there's the BPP portion of Core+, which are institutional vehicles. And those typically crystallize on the third year anniversary of investor subscriptions. And that forms receivables also separately disclosed in the release. So when you saw that happening this quarter and you'll -- while there'll be modest amounts in the second and third quarters, the fourth quarter in terms of Core+ really, as I said, when you'll see the next significant contribution. There also in terms of other areas of the firm in the credit area, or BDC area and there, it's a quarterly fee related performance revenue based on incentive fees. That is contributing each quarter. It's in ramp mode. So those are more modest amounts, but we expect those over time to grow as well. So those are the two key factors infrastructure is also a strategy that that will resemble BPP in terms of its, FRPR structure. So a number of different products, Core+ being the sort of biggest single contributor right now in terms of strategies and platforms. But this is something that if you step back on a full year basis will continue to scale over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt at Autonomous REITS.
Patrick Davitt: So there's -- shift, I the largest alternative managers to a more balance sheet intensive kind of skin in the game book value compounding view of the business. It sounds like from your earlier insurance answer that there really hasn't been any change or evolution and your thinking on that model. But are you concerned that having so many of the largest players, tacking in that direction could force the issue and maybe drive clients or even insurance partners to demand increase capital allocations from their managers?
Jon Gray: No. We've been at this for a long time. Ad over the 35 years, the model has worked. We put capital in, but it's modest, as a percentage of the overall size of the funds or the capital we manage. And people rely on our investment process, the talent we have to deliver. And that model continues to work. And there are, these other firms are terrific firms, we have enormous respect for them. But they've chosen something different strategically. We prefer where we sit today, with a market cap, right around $100 billion and virtually no net debt. We like that model, doesn't mean we won't use capital, we have to do some strategic acquisitions, or minority investments in the context of insurance. But we think as long as we deliver for the customers, which is what we've done, historically, and did it in a big way, in Q4, and now again, in Q1, that more capital flows will come to us. And it won't require us to invest significant capital. And so we're going to stick with that model. We feel really good about it. It also allows us to pay out obviously significant dollars to our shareholders.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty at UBS.
Adam Beatty: I want to follow up on the real estate growth runway, specifically, a global opportunity in logistics, real estate. Obviously, it's been fruitful here domestically. And I saw something recently about Blackstone potentially getting involved in warehouse development in India where you're already strong in office. So want to get a sense from you of as to how repeatable that might be across the globe and where you're seeing opportunities. Thank you.
Jon Gray: It's super repeatable and it's being done in scale. I don't have the exact numbers. But I think about half of our warehouse portfolio, which is over $100 billion growth, including the dead on it is outside the United States. Probably close to that number, Europe is a huge chunk of assets. We're growing in Asia, the fundamentals, it's the same story everywhere, which is as retail moves increasingly online, there's more demand for warehouses, particularly last mile warehouses. And so, we've been the biggest buyer in Europe. We're active in China. We just sold a platform in Australia that was in our closed then graph Asia fund. But we like the fundamentals everywhere. And as the economy reopens, I think we'll see more traditional demand automotive, housing, other businesses, and that'll help. The challenge or concern is, where we see a lot of new supply. And so we continue to focus on this last mile. So it's a space we like, if you think about our real estate portfolio and why we have confidence looking forward is because we're 40% allocated to the best sector in real estate globally. And so I think you'll see those same fundamentals. They're a little bit behind the U.S. other than China, because online is behind, but they're playing catch up. And so being on the ground in all those markets is really important.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski at Oppenheimer and Company.
Chris Kotowski: I just wanted to follow up on the real estate performance fees discussion that you had a couple of minutes ago. And in the press release, you highlighted the logic core of crystallization that happened every three years. I'm just wondering, I mean, as Core+ is built, is there a portfolio of those things -- of those kinds of assets that we'll see crystallize on the third anniversary of the funds? And how do we assess the size of that? And is that going to start coming in kind of more and more on a sporadic basis all sprinkled through the year as you go forward?
Jon Gray: Well, I would say the short answer is, yes. We have a variety. We have large open ended institutional vehicles, BPP U.S., Europe and Asia. And now BPP Life Sciences, we did some individual large transactions as funds themselves, logic core European logistics platforms, one of them. We own Stuyvesant Town here in New York as well. And so and then the investors in the funds come in at different times, as Michael said. So hopefully, over time, there'll be more of a spreading a lot of these deals got done at year end. So we tend to have more in the fourth quarter, BREIT is set up in the fourth quarter. But you're right, we've been planning a lot of these perennials and they should be blooming more and more in greater amounts, and at different times of the year. And this is why you hear a lot of enthusiasm, something very special is happening at Blackstone, there is something extremely special is happening in our Core+ business and net is growing. And yes, over time, this not only the base management fees from Core+, but these performance related fees should come in on a regular basis.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. And just as a follow up, do we see that on -- do we see these accrued performance fees on the disclosure in page 18 or the performance fee is separate from carried interest?
Michael Chae: If you do see them, you see it broken out for both BPP and for BREIT separately.
Operator: And now, I'd like to hand back to Western Tucker for final comments.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Investor Call hosted by Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. My name is Leslie, and I'm the event manager. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. . And I'd like to advise all parties that the conference is being recorded for replay purposes.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Leslie, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's Fourth quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our Web site. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K and 10-Q filings. We'll also refer to certain non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our Web site. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.8 billion, distributable earnings were $1.5 billion or $1.13 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.96 per share to be paid to holders of record as of February 8. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported exceptional results for the fourth quarter, including our best quarter for both distributable earnings and fee-related earnings in 35 years. Realizations rose to a record $21 billion as global markets recovered from the trough of the crisis. At the same time, we deployed $25 billion into new investments, also a new record, adding to the foundation of future value. The power of the Blackstone brand has never been stronger. We achieved nearly $100 billion of inflows in 2020, ending the year with industry record AUM of $619 billion. While these results would be remarkable in any environment, they are particularly so in a year with the world faced unprecedented challenges, including the steepest economic downturn in modern history. Our business is built to navigate the difficult periods and to deliver for our investors in good times and bad.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We just completed a record quarter. I'll take you through some of the highlights as well as the extraordinary range of growth engines that are firing across every area of the firm with a major emphasis on perpetual capital. The foundation of our business, of course, remains performance. When we deliver great returns, it builds investor trust and leads to further inflows. It's a virtuous circle that also involves attracting top talent, moving into new areas and growing meaningfully.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter represented a remarkable finish to the year as we achieved record results in nearly every metric. Distributable earnings, fee related earnings, AUM, realizations, deployment and total fund appreciation. We also reported our fifth best quarter for inflows. This broad based success in the same year as one of the most severe market declines on record is a powerful illustration of the all weather durability of our business model. Starting with results. Fee earning AUM increased 15% year-over-year to $469 billion, while total AUM rose 8% to $619 billion, driven by robust gross inflows of $95 billion for the year and despite $43 billion of realizations. The strength of inflows in 2020 despite not raising any of our largest flagship funds during the year, highlights the firm's expansive breadth of product offerings and the ongoing shift toward perpetual capital. Indeed, over a quarter of the firm's fee earning AUM is now perpetual. Fee related earnings rose 33% in 2020 to $2.4 billion or $1.97 per share, as Steve highlighted, driven by continued strong growth in fee revenues coupled with significant margin expansion. Management fees increased 18% to $4.1 billion for the year and are up 35% over the past two years, powered by our flagship fundraising and a doubling of the real estate core+ platform in the last two years. BREIT alone increased its AUM by 71% in 2020 and generated strong gross appreciation of 9% for the firm despite the environment. In terms of margins, the firm's overall FRE margin expanded over 400 basis points in 2020 to 52.8%, the highest level ever for an annual period. Distributable earnings for the full year rose 16% to $3.3 billion. For the fourth quarter, de increased 60% to $1.5 billion or $1.13 per share, underpinned by sharp growth in FRE and a doubling of net realizations to $897 million. In addition to strong fund realizations, most advanced liquid strategies crystallize incentive fees annually in the fourth quarter. BAAM strong finish to the year in terms of investment performance with a 5.6% gross composite return in the quarter, as well as the growing contribution of its direct investment strategies generated a 57% increase in the segment's realized performance revenues to $171 million. Turning to investment performance. It was another excellent quarter for the firm across the board with record total fund appreciation of $31 billion in the quarter. As Jon highlighted, we continue to see the benefit of favorable sector and asset selection in our funds against a backdrop of rising global equity and credit markets. In real estate, the BREIT opportunistic funds appreciated 4.3% in the quarter, while the core plus funds appreciated 5.5%. As has been the case since the start of the pandemic, the vast majority of the real estate portfolio is demonstrating fundamental strength, particularly our holdings and logistics, suburban multifamily and life sciences office. Despite headwinds in certain more affected sectors, the BREIT funds appreciated 3.4% for the full year, and the core+ funds appreciated 7.9% as compared to 7.6% decline for the public REIT index. In private equity, the corporate PE and Tac Opps funds appreciated 10.6% and 11.3% respectively, in the fourth quarter, marking the third consecutive quarter of double digit appreciation for both platforms. Strength was broad based across both the private and public portfolio, led by our technology and consumer finance holdings. For the full year, the corporate PE funds appreciated 11.9%, while Tac Opps appreciated 14.1%. Life to date returns for the most recent vintages of the corporate private equity and TAC Opps funds remains outstanding. The secondaries funds, which report on a two quarter lag, started to recognize the benefit of last year's market recovery and their fourth quarter returns, appreciating 9.4%. We expect strong performance to continue over the coming quarters given the direction of markets in the second half of 2020. And in credit and hedge fund solutions, we saw healthy appreciation again in the fourth quarter, including a 4.6% gross return for the credit composite. Strong investment performance across the firm generated $1.2 billion of net accrued performance revenues in the quarter and lifted the balance sheet receivable to $3.8 million, up 8% sequentially, notwithstanding nearly $1 billion of net realized distributions. At the same time, the firm's invested performance revenue eligible AUM increased to a record $294 billion, up 18% year-over-year. These are both important indicators of future value. One last topic of note, 10 years ago Blackstone made a strategic minority investment in the Brazil based alternatives manager, Patria, a team we had known for many years. Last week, Partia completed a highly oversubscribed initial public offering, marking their transition to a valuable public company and a successful investment for Blackstone. While we partly monetized our stake in the offering, we remain a continuing shareholder. In closing, the firm's 2020 performance exemplified the power of Blackstone's extraordinary business model, resiliency and staying power during the market dislocation and the ability to deliver record results in the fourth quarter across almost every metric in the context of the market recovery. Looking forward, we continue to scale existing businesses while also expanding into new areas with deep addressable market opportunities for the firm. The outlook for robust, high quality growth over the long term is strong and we believe the future for Blackstone is very bright. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Weston Tucker: Great. And Leslie, before you queue for questions, if I could just remind all the analysts we have a fairly long queue here. If you can please limit your questions, just one question initially and then if you have a follow up please reenter the queue. Back to you, Leslie.
Operator: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Your question-and-answer session will now begin.  And your first question comes from Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. You are now live in the call. Alexander, please go ahead.
AlexanderBlostein: Great. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Why don't we start with insurance, I guess, in light of the Allstate acquisition announced last night? Maybe you guys could comment on your bigger picture aspirations for the Insurance segment. Obviously, you've made several hires there recently. Should we expect more deals like this one, I guess, over the coming quarters and years? Or is Allstate meant to be sort of the platform to build off of? And then secondly, maybe you could comment on the economics as well, sort of the fee rate on assets and how you expect that to evolve, as well as the funding structure. It sounded like the majority of the purchase obviously comes off the balance sheet, right? So $2 billion, I think, you said is third-party capital relative to $2.8 billion purchase price. So a few questions there, but maybe we can try to hit it all of them. Thank you.
SteveSchwarzman: Okay. Thanks, Alex. I'll start with the big picture. And what's driving what you're seeing us do and a number of firms in our industry is the extremely low level of interest rates out there, which is creating the need for greater returns for insurance company assets and particularly the ability to have direct origination capabilities. So our ability to originate corporate debt, structured debt, real estate debt is quite important and we think gives us a real strength in this area to line up our Insurance Solutions business with insurance balance sheet. So this is an area we've had success with Fidelity & Guaranty. We've said on these calls, this is something we intend to do more of. It's an area of focus. We're obviously hiring a number of people to help build out this business and capability. Exactly the form it will take, I think, each of these transactions may look and feel a little different. The underlying sort of path here is the same. The idea of us managing these assets, driving the returns higher, which ultimately helps the policyholders. I think all of that is key. On this particular transaction, and Michael can fill in the blanks. But the $2.8 billion, there are flows related to the transaction plus a bit of debt. So the ultimate check size here is less than - a little less than $2 billion of equity. It's more of a typical GP LP setup, I would say, but we are putting in some capital, single-digit percentage of the total capital needed. So this is really a third-party situation where we're managing capital and our compensation will come from managing the assets along the lines of what we've done with Fidelity & Guaranty.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question comes from Sumeet Mody from Piper Sandler. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
SumeetMody: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Just sort of a high-level question here. On creating these new dedicated funds across growing sectors like life sciences and growth equity, some of these flagship funds, the raises are now behind you, the global growth seemingly is concentrated here to areas like technology and healthcare. When you're creating these dedicated funds in some of these areas, like you're doing now and down the road, does it kind of crowd out some of these deployment opportunities to the flagship funds? Or is there just kind of generally a lot of opportunities out there for global private equity funds to take advantage of or kind of along with some of the newer dedicated funds?
JonGray: Its a good question. I would say it does not crowd out our dedicated funds, our traditional large scale private equity funds. And the reason is the mandates here are very different. So if you look at the two funds to focus on, let's talk about Blackstone Life Sciences. Its mission is to invest primarily in phase three trial drugs, something that we would not do in our private equity business, have never done before. And so it's a completely new area. It may invest in companies. But again, it's based on drugs that we're waiting for FDA approval. This is not something we would do in our private equity business. In the growth equity business, we're taking minority stakes with founders, which, of course, is very different than our private equity model, which is based on control and being able to intervene in these businesses. In our growth equity area, were looking to partner and help these young companies generally working with founders, again, a very different model. And then some of our other more geographic strategies are similar to what weve done in the past where we've raised energy or Asia or other funds, and we keep a portion of that in the main funds, but we - by expanding with the new fund, we don't have overconcentration in the main fund in a particular geography or sector. So we're super sensitive to our flagship funds, delivering an real estate private equity and corporate private equity is what we built the business on and we want to continue to deliver for those investors. There just happens to be a lot of white space, new areas to go into that we as a firm had not historically been in.
Weston Tucker: Okay. Thanks, Sumeet.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys. You are live in the call. Please go ahead.
MichaelCyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just looking at the dry powder levels here, about $147 billion, look fairly high here and certainly, similar levels a year ago, too. So I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how you're expanding your capacity to generate new investment ideas and expanding the capacity to put capital to work, particularly in size and with the new insurance business or expansion of the insurance business that you'll be getting more assets? I guess what new sourcing and origination capabilities are you thinking about adding or might be able to add?
JonGray: Well, the good news here is we just have a much broader base of capital today, achieving the highest return strategies involves a smaller universe potentially of investable assets. As you raise particularly some of this perpetual capital, longer duration, lower yielding, you can look at a much broader view. So yes, we're investing in origination capabilities and particularly in our credit area and corporate and real estate and structured credit, but also in our equity investing as we move into core private equity or the real estate Core+ business, we're just hiring more people in these areas, it gives us more dialogue. But oftentimes, you're not necessarily using real estate as an example, looking for an empty building or distressed situation. You're just buying a leased apartment project that's high quality, you want to own it at a reasonable return. So this newer cost of capital enables us to sort of widen the funnel. And then you take our existing team, you add more people and it actually makes our original businesses even better because we're in more dialogue with more sellers, more brokers, more investment bankers, we're just part of the flow and there has really been a real benefit from expanding our platforms. And if you think about it on the credit side as well, if you go - went in there and you only had the ability to do higher returning mezzanine, you would only have one discussion. But if you can go in there today and you have a wide variety of capital with different durations, lower loan to values, longer duration insurance capital, what we're getting from our direct lending platform, we have a much more robust discussion. And so were finding the ability to deploy more capital, given the range of places, given the opportunities. And yes, to your question, we have to build the organization to meet these needs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty from UBS.
AdamBeatty: I wanted to ask about the wealth management channel, given the success of BREIT and promising start to BCRED. In terms of distribution, which sub segments in the wealth channel do you find attractive? And what kind of resources on the distribution side are you applying towards that? Also, maybe what product adjacencies might be attractive at this point? Thank you.
JonGray: So what I'd say about retail is we had a big event here. We had a modest celebration crossing $100 billion of AUM. Joan Solotar and her team have done a terrific job and it's a mix of the episodic funds that we still distribute that's generally targeted to the highest net worth investors. As we move into these perpetual capital vehicles, BCRED and BREIT, which do have elements of liquidity to them that are favorable to customers, they come down in terms of the availability and it expands the universe of potential customers who can invest. I would say, in distribution, we're trying to really cover the waterfront. We're talking in the United States, in Europe, in Asia, we're raising money broadly. It's RIAS. It's obviously the largest distribution firms. It's private banks around the world. It's the IBD channel. It's really broad based. And what investors are seeking is obviously higher return. They want more yield. They're looking for things done at Blackstone quality, and we're focused on the fees we charge being quite reasonable that we're looking for the customers to have a great experience. And I think historically in private assets in distributed to retail, there was a bias, I guess, to try to make short term money and not necessarily deliver a great customer experience. What we're trying to do here is give individual investors the same experience that our institutional investors have. The products may look and feel a little different, but the goal is exactly the same. Obviously, the markets are reacting positively, investors are, the strength of the brand here is very differentiated. And that's why we have so much confidence here in the potential of this. We said BREIT could grow to be the largest product, BCRED has very good momentum out of the box, given people's desire for yield. I think some of these products will be able to move geographically where you raise money in different parts of the world. There is more we can do. We're not ready to announce anything. But what I'd say is our bias is not necessarily to create a massive number of products but a smaller number of very large products that can scale. And BREIT getting over $20 billion was another big achievement for us. So as you can tell, we're spending a lot of time in this area. It continues to grow the perpetual capital, and we expect good things for retail in 2021.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Crdit Suisse.
CraigSiegenthaler: For my question, I wanted to hit on Blackstone's ability to expand into newer geographies, including in Asia and South America. And specifically, what are the major economies in market and white states around the globe today where Blackstone is either not present or is significantly subscale, and what is Blackstone's appetite to expand into these geographies, either through M&A or organically over the next few years?
JonGray: Well, as you know, we definitely have a global business. I would put Asia at the top of the list, given the scale of the economies there. China and India both have more than a billion people and what you see there in China, in particular, is an economy that's growing very rapidly, will grow to be the largest economy in the world at some point in the future. I think there's an opportunity over time for us to offer products that are R&D based that would be something that could happen over time, that could be very large scale. I think we can do more in countries like Japan, which may not be fast growing but there is a strong desire for returns from individual investors and institutions. And India, frankly, has been our greatest strength in Asia. We've deployed a lot of capital in both private equity and real estate, and that economy is still early days. I would say as a caveat that smaller economies for us are a little more challenging given the scale of capital we operate at and less developed economies. I would say our results in places like South America and in Africa, which have been very small as a percentage of what we do have been a little more mixed. There could be opportunities in those markets over time. But I think in terms of geographic growth, I would say, Asia and the big economies in Asia are the most interesting. And then I would say that Europe, despite its slow growth, aggregately is the largest economy in the world, if you put all those countries together. There are fewer competitors there. And there are more of our products that we can distribute there, both raising money but also deploying capital in Europe for Europe. So when I look at one of our great strengths of the firm, it's that we're a global business. And so if one market around the world gets too hot, we can deploy capital elsewhere. Customers around the world are facing the same challenges, which is they need higher returns and they want a trusted pair of hands who takes a long term approach and that's what Blackstone represents. So when we look, yes, there's opportunity in retail, there's opportunity insurance and there's certainly opportunities outside the United States.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI.
GlennSchorr: So curious to hear your expanded thoughts on the SPAC market, not from the humongous growth necessary that we've seen but they have, at minimum, several hundred billion of buying power. And so I think of them as half forward where they could beyond the lookout to purchase some of your assets and half forward they're competing against some of the same properties you go after. So just curious to get your thoughts on that environment?
JonGray: Well, I think the SPAC market, and I commented earlier this morning on TV about this. I think it's a good development long term to open up access to capital to public companies. We've seen a reduction in the number of public companies by 50% over the last 25 years, and the SPACs have led to the highest number of IPOs in more than 20 years now. So I think that's positive. Now that being said, I think there are challenges around alignment of interest, when sponsors earn their economics, what the size of those economics are. And I think some of that will change over time. As it relates to our business, we've announced, I think, three SPAC sales in the last few months. I think these will all be very good public companies. These are good executions. And so it's helpful for us on the liquidity front. But I do think it's fair to say for smaller sized businesses, in most cases, it gets a little more competitive with this SPAC money. The good news is we tend to operate, particularly in private equity at large scale. So there's not many SPACs can do the type of deals we do. And I would also say not every company wants to go public. Certainly, faster growing companies may want capital to grow. They're not ready to go public. Other businesses may not be. So it's requires a certain type of company, a certain type of exit and tends to be a bit on the smaller side. So overall, for capital markets, as I said, I think it's a positive. I think there will be some changes in reforms over time to make it even better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Wellington from JP Morgan.
KennethWorthington: With the new administration and one with an aligned White house in Congress, what is top of mind in terms of implications and opportunities here for Blackstone and private markets investing?
JonGray: So in terms of implications, there could be a variety. It's obviously early. It's possible we could see higher corporate taxes, which would impact the entire corporate landscape. We could see more regulatory activity. On the flip side, I think some sectors where we are active investors could really benefit. I think you could see environmental and sustainability areas get a boost. We're doing a lot in that space across energy and energy credit. We could see more dollars into infrastructure, an area we haven't underwritten a lot of corporate activity or government activity that could change with a big push by the government. And then I think one of the benefits people may not focus on is an aligned government here could push more dollars to places like New York and San Francisco, hard hit urban areas during the COVID period, and that would be beneficial for some of the real estate properties we own because those areas are under pressure. So I think there's a variety of things. As a firm, we've operated in all red, all blue environments, purple environments, and we take a long term approach and we've been able to navigate those issues and as changes come up, we expect the same here as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Davitt from Autonomous Research.
PatrickDavitt: So my sense from investors, they tend to want to discount these big performance related fees you put through fee earnings. So could you maybe frame or help us separate out how much of the fee-related performance fees in the fourth quarter was really kind of what you guys repeatable each year versus those that are maybe more episodic or based on kind of one year type performance fees?
SteveSchwarzman: Patrick, first of all, in terms of fee related performance revenues, as we talked about before, we think this is a super high-quality revenue stream. As you know, it's derived from perpetual capital is paid on a recurring basis on contractual timetables, well known and without having to expose underlying assets. So we think its very much in line with the overall quality picture of FRE. And you've seen it scaling, as we've sort of predicted in the last few years, and you saw that step up again. In terms of the composition of it, right now, the majority, the strong majority of the total annual amount is from the core+ platform. And of that, BREIT is really the dominant portion of that. And that, as you know, it's recurring, it's annual. It's in the fourth quarter. And as that platform grows and it grew 70%, as we said year-over-year, the fees will continue to scale both management fees and fee related performance revenues. A smaller portion of that was from the BPP platform. Those are specific to investments that occur on a several year basis, three, four, five years. And so that occurred during the year, both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And then you're also seeing a smaller amount but that over the long term, it will scale, from our direct lending platform, both our BDC and also going forward, BCRED or non-traded BDC. So it's a -- it's sort of a portfolio of different products. Core+ is the biggest part but not the only part and BREIT is the biggest part within core+, and that is to your question, an annual occurrence.
JonGray: And the key distinction, Michael, is that we don't have to sell assets to generate these fees, that's the key distinction of what ends up in the FRE
SteveSchwarzman: And as we talked about, this is not a new thing. In terms I mentioned BDCs, the incentive fee portion of that income and yields in products like that have been, I think, for a long time considered very much part of the sort of metric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan from JMP Securities.
DevinRyan: I have a question just on the FRE margin. Obviously, saw some really nice expansion in 2020, over 400 basis points, you had very strong fee growth. But also the OpEx was decently below the prior couple of year average growth, which we appreciate especially given the lower T&E and the pandemic. So I'm just trying to just think about some of the moving parts as we look forward, the expectation for the FRE margin from here as maybe some of those pandemic savings reverse and just more broadly, how we should think about the FRE margin and T&E and some of the costs that may come back into the system in 2021.
SteveSchwarzman: Devin, thank you for the question. The short answer is stepping back on margins and was a terrific year on that front, is our margins are up significantly because of strong operating leverage. Revenue is currently well in excess expenses. I know that's sort of a truism. And you can particularly see that in our real estate segment and which was really the biggest driver, where fee revenues were up over 30%, with operating expenses, total operating expenses up 15%. And that's why you can do the math, overall, the real estate segment accounted for around three quarters of the overall margin expansion from a business unit breakdown perspective. As you mentioned as we've talked about previously as with almost every other business, 2020 did benefit from a substantial reduction in T&E spending. And that here accounted for around, call it, 100 basis points of that 440 basis point margin expansion. So as we look ahead to 2021, all of us, of course, are working for normalization sooner rather than later. And such that the T&E dynamic would reverse. But notwithstanding that, even adjusting for that, we still expect strength in margins. So that hopefully will help you on just to put in context the COVID component of that expansion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Carrier from Bank of America.
MichaelCarrier: You guys have had great success in the perpetual vehicles, which obviously provides good visibility and growth in FRE, but it also threw up a lot of performance fees. And I'm assuming that was just be REIT in the fourth quarter, having a strong rebound. But just longer term can you put some context on the type of the year, maybe 2020 was versus the potential you see for that type of earnings stream since it's still fairly new. And then how can BCRED contribute to it longer term? Thanks a lot.
JonGray: And I think this picks up a bit on, I think, Patrick's question as well. I think the simple answer, and it's a good one, is that over time, the growth in those fee related performance revenues will basically be aligned with the growth in our perpetual capital strategies with, again, real estate core+ plus being a huge portion of that right now. But also, as you mentioned in that direct lending area, a scaling of that source of performance revenues as well over time. So that sort of, both in the short and long run, is kind of the r-squared on this. Growth in perpetual, growth in core+, growth in direct lending equals over time growth in those fee related performance revenues, and that is a meaningful tailwind.
SteveSchwarzman: And I would just add that the fact that you don't have to sell assets, as we mentioned, is important. The preferred returns in these vehicles tends to be materially lower because they're lower targeted returns. And just as we grow more assets in the space, have more vehicles, this should be a steady source of income for a long time to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Lee from KBW.
RobLee: Just on hedge fund solutions on BAAM, in understanding the performance has been good. You have a new co-leader of the unit, but growth there has been kind of a challenge kind of I guess, more stable. How do you see growth of that business progressing? Do you see any signs that there's maybe increased demand from more liquid strategies, given how the markets have run up of late, or what can you do to kind of reinvigorate growth in that business?
JonGray: We think that business has tremendous potential. The low rate environment obviously has investors looking for other liquid alternatives where they can get returns. And then the run-up in the stock market has investors looking for places to put capital where there's some downside protection. And both of those factors lead you, I think, to our hedge fund solutions business. With the addition of Joe Dowling, teaming up with John McCormick, I think that puts us in a really good place. Joe's track record has been excellent. We are going to be looking to try to drive the returns higher in that space. Joe was outstanding at Brown, finding, leading cutting edge managers, looking cutting-edge managers, looking at where the economy is transforming either geographically in some of the fastest growing sectors as well, and we expect he'll do the same here. And as the returns continue to improve or improve, we think we'll see more flows. So our hedge fund solutions business, which has flattened off in terms of AUM but it's actually improved our profitability, Michael can comment on that, I think can grow in AUM and become a growth engine again for our firm.
MichaelChae: And I'd just add to that, I mean, putting some financials around that. First, as Jon said, while AUM was somewhat down this year, revenues were up 7%. On the AUM side, outflows were actually in line with 2019 and maybe not surprisingly inflows slowed somewhat in the wake of the March-April volatility. But revenues were up, which reflects the business mix shift towards higher fee strategies, both within BTS and also in the direct investing area. And as a result, you can actually see the fourth quarter management fee rate was actually up 8 basis points year-over-year. So the sort of unit economics, I think, are improving. And it's funny for a business that's been in our hands for 20 years. We've never been more excited about the potential. As Jon said, in the context of the rate environment, fixed income market, the search for sort of absolute return replacements with some more upside is deep. And our platform, with its scale and its reach and its access to the best managers, doing things with them, allocating capital as well as the flow within our firm and the IP, those things combined along now with additional leadership alongside Jon with Joe Dowling, we're super excited.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo.
ChrisHarris: As you guys know, Apollo is looking to move to one share class. What are your thoughts about potentially going down this path? And I appreciate their pros with that type of a change.
JonGray: What I'd say is if you look at our firm over 35 years, our governance structure has served our LPs really well, our employees and for the last 13 years, 14 years, our shareholders. So we're really comfortable with it. We're always looking at ways to maximize value for shareholders. We did that in the context of the C-corp conversion, but we're very deliberate in how we do things. But I would say generally the idea of taking a long-term approach and the management of the firm, how we're structured today, we feel good about that. It's delivered for us in the past. We think it will deliver for us in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer Company.
ChrisKotowski: I guess I thought the BioMed transaction was really interesting, and a couple of narrow questions about that. One is, I'm wondering, did it all end up in BPP life sciences, or was it distributed among a number of different vehicles? And then secondly, what is I guess the long term vision and ambition for BPP life sciences? And then I guess the more broad question I have is over time as you've developed more and more of these permanent or very long dated capital structures, should we see your strategy in the opportunistic funds kind of more from the buy it, fix it, sell it to the buy it, fix it, move it into a permanent capital vehicle. Should we see a lot more of that?
JonGray: So there are a number of questions here. Let me go through each one. The first one, I want to back up, I guess, for a second and just say that the genesis for this transaction was a number of our investors in the BREIT fund wanted to continue to own this. And that really what was the catalyst and more than 70% of the capital in the BPP life sciences vehicle came from the existing investors. So I think because they were so enthused about this, it made a lot of sense for us. Where it ended up, the vast majority of the capital did come from this new vehicle. We put some of it to our general BPP fund based on some available capital, but the vast majority ended up in BPP life sciences. No surprise our investors are excited about this new vehicle. I think we'll raise additional capital beyond the $8.4 billion we talked about. There's a potential for this to grow to be, again, quite large. We announced the deal shortly after the initial recapitalization, which I mentioned, where we did a $3.4 billion deal of additional properties in Cambridge, the heart of life sciences, making us the largest owner in Cambridge, which we think is important strategically. So this is a business that has the potential to grow not only in Cambridge, but in South San Francisco and San Diego, Cambridge UK, where the business is focused. In terms of ambition, I guess, we've hit that. I think this is an area that has real growth given the tailwinds we see in life sciences. And one of the things we don't often talk about on these calls is the power of the overall platform. So the fact that we have Blackstone life sciences gives us more confidence here in BioMed, it allows us to do the Cryoport investment in Tac Opps and frozen logistics. It allows us to do Precision Medicine, which is a company that commercializes and does runs the trials for life science companies. It was one of our largest investments in private equity in the fourth quarter. So we are really building a powerful life science ecosystem here at Blackstone and BPP Life Sciences will be a big part of it. Nick Alcodis, who runs our life Sciences business is actually going to be on the Board of the BioMed Life sciences fund. In terms of our opportunistic business. No, I don't believe this will be the way the vast majority or whatever of deals will be sold. There was a pretty unique set of circumstances. There may be other situations but I think it will be the exception in this case, the scale argued for it. We also ran a process, a competitive dynamic, brought an outside firms, had a go shop period we want to make sure the most important thing to us is fiduciaries is maximizing the return in our private equity and real estate private equity funds. So I think this is a little bit of a unique situation. We had a great process to bet the values. And long term now we have a bunch of investors excited about this area and a new vehicle that I think will grow in scale.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arnaud Giblat from BNP.
Arnaud Giblat: I had a question on capital deployment. It's been very strong in Q4, even if you exclude the capital going to the new perpetual capital vehicles. How much of this is a function of a good market condition and how much is a function of just being able to catch up on deals that were identified earlier in the year and where you were not able to execute on that? And if you could also elaborate in terms of the outlook for capital deployment in the quarters to come? Thank you.
JonGray: So I think the biggest factor, obviously, deal activity and deployment was slow coming off of March for the next couple of quarters and so we saw a resumption. I think so again, given the expansion of the firm, if you look at our secondaries business now where we have large scale private equity secondaries, real estate secondaries, infrastructure, we're deploying more capital. If you look in private equity, regular weight corporate private equity, a larger scale fund, our Asia business is growing, our core private equity vehicle grew from $5 billion to $8 billion in the latest generation and you can look across the firm and then the expansion in these perpetual vehicles we keep talking about, of course, leads to the need for greater capital deployment. So I think a big portion of this is just a function of engines, there are many more of them and they're larger and that's leading to more deployment. I also think we have some sectors. We have high conviction around. We're spending a lot of time on some of the COVID impacted businesses, travel related location based entertainment, hotels. I think we'll see more activity in some of those areas. And then these big secular themes around digitalization, life sciences, what's happening in green energy. Those areas, I think, will attract a lot of capital and we'll continue to invest in Europe and Asia and around the globe. So this quarter was particularly active because of the large life sciences transaction. But when you looked overall for the year 2020, I think it's $62 billion was basically the same as it was in 2019. So I think that indicates it's likely that deployment probably ROEs over time or will grow over time, just given the scale of our overall business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies.
GerryO'Hara: Maybe one more on the insurance initiative. Clearly, a well documented total addressable market of material size, but also increasingly more buyers in the market. So perhaps you can speak to the competitive dynamics you saw during the Allstate process or just even more generally? Thank you.
JonGray: Obviously, we'll not talk about particular transactions, but I would concede that the space has gotten more competitive over the last few years. I think our advantage is; one, the scale, we can do things at; and two, our origination capabilities, I think, are pretty unique. And I think give us an advantage in this space for counterparties to want to work with us. So we like where we sit today. But I do think it's important to keep in mind beyond actually just our capabilities, our brand resonates. So if you're an insurance company and you're thinking about putting your liabilities in somebody else's hands, you really want to know who that is. And so the scale of Blackstone, our reputation as a fiduciary helps us. And so yes, like in all things, there's more competition but we like our positioning. We think there's an opportunity to really grow there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Shutler from William Blair.
ChristopherShutler: In the strategic partners business, I know you're going to be raising a new fund there. I think last time I checked secondaries transaction volume across the market was something like 2% or 2.5% of total private equity NAV. Where do you think that percentage can go over the next handful of years and why?
JonGray: Well, I think two things are going to help the secondaries business. One really importantly is that the denominator is going to grow, even if the penetration doesn't grow, I'll come back to that in a moment. But alternatives are growing at high single digits, low double digits across the globe. And by definition, that means there's a bigger addressable market. People change their investment strategies. They're unhappy with managers. They want to get out of certain spaces. And so if you believe in the alternatives sort of mega trend, which we certainly do, secondaries is a powerful way to play it. And then as a percentage, I just think 2% of the market trading is not a sign of a market that has sufficient liquidity. And so I think that will lead to higher percentages. This is a business that's growing for us, I don't know, eightfold or something since we took it on five or six years ago. I think it's a business that can continue to grow at a very rapid rate. Verdun Perry and his team have done an outstanding job. The returns have been excellent. We said in here that we'll raise our ninth private equity secondaries fund. We talked about moving into the continuation area. We're having success in real estate and infrastructure. I think as alternatives grow this fund continues to grow. This area of the firm continues to grow. And I don't think we're anywhere sort of near the end for secondaries in terms of growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
BrianBedell: Most of my questions have been answered very, very comprehensive answers. Maybe just one on the retail side. As you said, Jon, you've seen great momentum in that. Just maybe sort of the outlook over the next one to two or maybe even three years, whether you think that growth can accelerate given your distribution initiatives in the wealth management space and especially the demand for your products on the retail side? And if you can sprinkle in comments on sustainable investing in your ESG initiatives, whether you're seeing a stronger demand for ESG solutions within your products?
JonGray: I would just echo my earlier comments that retail remains a very favorable channel for us given the brand and the range of products now. The movement from beyond just the episodic products, which are obviously continue to be offered to the highest net worth people. But the BREITs and BCREDs, their distribution capabilities, the ability to sell those broadly is powerful. And I would just point out, BREIT took a number of years to sort of get to lift off momentum. It feels like BCRED in the early days is having more success because we've opened up those channels and we're broadening the number of channels. And so I think as we introduce new products in this area, they can continue to grow and have this success. And as this is all part of this sort of growth in perpetual capital, growth ultimately, of course, in fee-related earnings and bringing this sort of world class service and investment discipline to individual investors, we think that trend will certainly continue and we're at the vanguard of that trend. As it relates to ESG, I think there's opportunity there. I think there is more opportunity. We talk about it internally. I think there's opportunity both institutionally and individual investors. Going back to one of the earlier questions, we just have to make sure we set it up in a lane that is very defined and in a separate area where we can deliver for the individual investors and do something separate and different than we do in some of our other funds. But I think over time, we'll develop some products in that area.
Operator: And your final question comes from Sumeet Mody from Piper Sandler.
SumeetMody: I just had a follow-up on the Allstate Life acquisition. It looks like the funds are purchasing about 80% of the life and annuity business, just leaving about $5 billion of GAAP reserves in the New York ALNY on the table. Just it seems like they intend to sell that as well. Just curious if you could talk about what went into the decision to not acquire that portion of assets as well?
JonGray: Well, we make decisions about which jurisdictions and so forth make the most sense for us, and were obviously engaged in discussions with the seller on what maximizes value for them. And in this particular transaction, thats how we landed on this. We ended up buying the vast majority of the assets and that worked for Allstate. I would say, I think Tom Wilson, the CEO, has done a terrific job here, pivoting his company and getting them focused on higher growth businesses. And this was something that made a lot of sense for us and our investors. So we look it as a real win-win.
Operator: Thank you. And now, I'd like to turn the call back to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Thanks everybody, for joining us this morning, and look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator Good afternoon and welcome to the PS Business Parks Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants have been placed in listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions]And it is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Jeff Hedges, PSB's Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.Jeff Hedges Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the third quarter 2020 PS Business Parks investor conference call. This is Jeff Hedges, Chief Financial Officer. With me today is our Interim Chief Executive Officer and COO, John Petersen; and our Chief Accounting Officer, Trenton Groves.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that all statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements.All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks' forward-looking statements, please refer to the reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K.We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP is included in our press release and earnings supplement, which can be found on our website at psbusinessparks.com.I will now turn the call over to JP.John Petersen Thanks, Jeff. Good morning and thank you for joining us today and we hope each of you and your families are doing well and staying healthy. I'd like to start the call by thanking our team for delivering strong results in Q3 and their hard work and dedication through these challenging times. We successfully maneuvered through the ongoing pandemic with nearly 2 million square feet of leasing, cash rent growth of 5.2% and also improved rent collections back to pre-pandemic levels in our non-California markets. Year-to-date, the team has executed over 3,000 square feet more leasing production than we did in the first nine months of 2019, at a transaction cost per square foot rate that is nearly 20% lower than the prior year.Further, expansion of our existing customer base remained robust during the third quarter and year-to-date we have had nearly 200,000 square feet of net expansions from approximately 125 customers. Well, the path of the pandemic is uncertain it is clear that our core small business customers are resilient, active and in the vast majority of cases they have figured out how to successfully operate their businesses in this environment.I would like to discuss a couple important highlights since our last earnings call. First, I am very pleased to report that yesterday we closed on Pickett industrial park in Alexandria, Virginia in an off-market transaction. Pickett is a 246,000 square foot three building multi-tenant park currently 100% occupied with an average tenant size of 41,000 square feet. The park is located inside the capital beltway and complements our seven existing parks in that sub market giving us 2.1 million square feet and a strong market share in an industrial submarket that is currently 96% leased. Although, Pickett was 100% occupied at acquisition our plan is to reposition this asset over the next couple of years by subdividing two buildings and in doing so reducing the average unit size to 11,000 square feet, which will enable us to accelerate leasing and drive rents higher for last mile users inside the beltway.Competition for industrial assets is highly competitive as everyone knows. However, this acquisition is an indication that even in this crowded environment we can still source value add industrial parks that fit our strategic objectives at attractive yields.Second, I am pleased to announce that we recently completed a long-term lease for the 288,000 square foot vacancy at our Hathaway industrial park in Santa Fe Springs, California. This leads which is to a credit customer came with cash rent growth of over 36%. Subsequent to quarter end, we leased an additional 40,000 square feet to the same customer in the same park. Both leases have commenced although the 42,000 square foot lease is not included in our Q3 production figures, but will be included in Q4.Regarding our other large vacancy in northern California our team continues to pursue a strong credit tenant to fit well within this park. Our expectation is to identify the right user or users for this space in the next few quarters. As we look ahead through 2021 our expirations return to normal levels with no single expiration exceeding 100,000 square feet. Our scheduled expirations in 2021 are 5.5 million square feet roughly 1 million square feet less than in 2020. Turning now to rent growth. Cash rent spreads in Q3 average 5.2%. Industrial cash rent growth remains favorable at 9.3% while flex was essentially flat and office rents declined by 3.6% as demand for office space remains muted.Before I turn the call over to Jeff I want to briefly mention that our 80,000 square foot multi-tenant industrial development in Dallas is on track for completion next month and we are starting to see good interest in the building. In Seattle, we continued to pursue permits for a similar 80,000 square foot multi-tenant industrial building and we are targeting delivery in Q4 of 2021.Finally, as we announced last quarter we have commenced construction on our 411 unit multi-family development Brentford At the Mile in Tysons, Virginia with delivery expected in 2022. As we have stated previously these developments represent an exciting opportunity for us to expand in our existing markets.Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff. Jeff Hedges Thank you JP. I'll begin with an overview of our financial results for the third quarter. Net income for the three months ended September 30th was $50.9 million or $1.11 per share. FFO was $54.2 million while core FFO was $56.3 million or $1.61 per share. During the quarter we incurred $1.7 million of accelerated amortization of stock-based compensation expense associated with the retirement of our former president and CEO Maria Hawthorne. Separately we incurred $300,000 of non-capitalizable demolition costs associated with our new multi-family development Brentford at the mile. These two non-recurring charges were added back in our presentation of core FFO and were also excluded from our calculation of FAD, which was 48.3 million for the quarter. Net operating income attributable to our same park portfolio was $67.5 million decreasing three-tenths of a percent from the prior year while same park cash NOI was $66.2 million a 1.1% decrease from the prior year.As you'll see in our press release and 10-Q AR write-offs decreased significantly from Q2 and were in line with the prior year. The 1.1% decrease in same park cash NOI is primarily attributable to lower year-over-year occupancy as well as 600,000 of net deferred invaded rent which consistent with the prior quarter we have excluded in our calculation of same park cash NOI.I'd like to take a moment to provide a little more color on rent deferrals which were $1.7 million in Q3. The volume of rent relief requests continues to subside and in the month of October, we have granted effectively no additional deferrals and currently have open rent relief requests from only 1% of customers. Additionally, repayment of deferrals ramped up in the third quarter and we collected over 98% of our payments billed. Year-to-date we have agreed to defer 5.5 million of rent. We billed and collected $1.3 million through September 30th and have an additional $1.9 million scheduled to be repaid in Q4. The majority of the remaining $2.3 million is scheduled to be repaid in the first half of 2021.Regarding rent collections in general, we continue to post higher collection rates each month and as JP mentioned we have returned to pre-pandemic AR levels in all of our markets outside of California. As you have heard from us and from many of our peers rent collection in Californian markets continues to be more challenging than other markets due to the ongoing state and local ordinances.Turning now to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with roughly $118 million of unrestricted cash some of which was used for acquisition of Pickett industrial park which we acquired in an all-cash transaction. Our credit facility remains undrawn and we have no debt outstanding. We intend to utilize cash on hand and retain cash to fund our current and planned development projects and will utilize our credit facility as necessary as acquisition opportunities present themselves.Lastly I'll point out that we paid a dividend of a $1.05 to common shareholders in the third quarter and our Board recently declared a dividend of $1.05 to be paid in the fourth quarter on December 30th to shareholders of record on December 15th.With that I'll open the call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take today's first question from Manny Korchman with Citi. Please go ahead. Unidentified Analyst Hi, it's Chris Macquarie in for Manny. Quick question here. Following the announced acquisition at Pickett industrial park, how are you thinking about the transaction markets today? Did your expectations for pricing on this asset change at all resulting from COVID?John Petersen Sure Chris. As I mentioned briefly, the acquisition market remains highly competitive for industrial properties in all of our existing markets. I'm really pleased with the way our team executed on this and as I mentioned it was an off-market deal and we've been tracking this deal for some time, but we're able to jump in and put this into our portfolio with some discount to pre-COVID pricing and I think the execution the timing was really good for us. So really pleased with how we're able to pull this off and like I said, when we started to engage with the seller the timing was good and our abilities to do a quick close or proven ability as an investor in this market I think allowed us to pull this off in an off-market way and at a what we believe is a discount to pre-COVID pricing. Does that answer your question Chris?Unidentified Analyst Yes. That's helpful color. Just one quick follow-up here as it relates to California with slower reopenings, the threat of lockdowns, legislation in the works what are your thoughts on the broader California market in general today?John Petersen Sure. Well that's where [indiscernible] you well know and look things in California have been slow to reopen and if you look at our customers in California really, the way that they've demonstrated a resiliency to operate in this market and putting aside restaurants and those kind of consumer focused businesses retailers and such. I'm pleased with what's going on in California in terms of our core customer base and they've proven for the most part that they can get through this and I think California, we're not out of it yet as I mentioned but our core customers have done well. Again retail and restaurants and those kind of things are struggling because those for the most part have not reopened in California. We don't know when that's going to end but our core industrial customers in California are doing fine.Unidentified Analyst Right. Thank you.Operator And the next question comes from Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Unidentified Analyst Hi everyone. This is [indiscernible] on for Craig. Can you guys please provide an update on the CEO and CIO search?John Petersen Yes. So I have no update to offer now and the process continues on both the CEO and CIO search and as soon as we have something to announce we certainly will. But there's no update at this time.Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. And then, moving the market fundamentals does it feel like we're kind of past the bottom and we should anticipate kind of less erosion to same-store should the macro recovery continue its pace given kind of where rent spreads have come quarter-over-quarter and kind of the way collections are pacing in conversations with tenants and just kind of looking at the demand dynamics does it feel like we're kind of past the bottom?John Petersen Yes. I'd say it feels like we're past the bottom and I think if you look across our markets as Jeff pointed out our collections are pre-COVID levels outside of California and business for the most part in our markets is I certainly wouldn't say it's back to normal, but like I said before I believe that our customers have figured out a way to operate to deliver their products, to manufacture their products, to meet the demands of their own customers in this pandemic. Now look we've never been through a pandemic. We never, the world's never come out of a pandemic so I can't tell you what it's going to look like in a few months especially with cases rising. But what I can say is when we talk to our customers and as I mentioned before we're having customers actually expand in the pandemic and I view that as a good sign. So yes, I think we're past the bottom as we head into the fourth quarter here and into 21, but it doesn't mean the road won't be bumpy from time to time as well. So does that help?Unidentified Analyst Yes but just kind of more from like, you guys kind of typically prioritize occupancy over rents when conditions get like this do you think that this is kind of the end of or maybe as this is kind of where rent roll downs may subside and rent spreads would continue to kind of accelerate as we continue here or do you see it kind of maintaining its pace of being kind of flattish to maybe down? John Petersen Yes. If you look at where our rents were down it was primarily in the office, in our office portfolio and there's not which is primarily in our Washington metro division. Industrial and flex were up to flat and so I see that trend continuing. There is going to be pressure on office. We have a small percentage of office there will be pressure there I think to attract new deals for sure and even on renewals but as we look forward into this shoot to the remaining 2020 and into 2021, I think our industrial and flex are poised to do well. Office is going to be a challenge though.Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thank you. And then one last one if I could what's the appetite for acquisitions here? Do you guys see activity kind of picking up into next year and given like where the stock is trading with REITs issuing debt and preferred that kind of record lows how should we think about financing those deals if so?John Petersen Well, let me talk we definitely have an appetite to grow the business right now. We have the balance sheet which Jeff will touch on a second to go do that and execute and the Pickett deal was a great example of our ability to do that fairly quickly. Having said that, the competition for industrial assets in our core markets is very intense right now, we're not the only ones that can go buy deals but I think we're able to go source deals strategically and in many cases off market that will allow us to put some capital to work. What we'd like to see is more deals come to market. Right now there's not a lot of deals in the market. We'd like to see more of those come to market so we're working very hard to extract some deals and we hope more come to market in 2021 but we have the balance sheet that Jeff will touch on to go do that.Jeff Hedges Yes just to pick up on that I mean you're right in pointing out that the recent comps that we've seen in the preferred market and then also with debt placements those sources of capital remain attractive and so we'll look to all sources of capital including utilizing our credit facility which has 250 million of untapped capacity to move quickly when additional acquisition opportunities present themselves.Unidentified Analyst Got it. Appreciate the color. Thank you. John Petersen Sure. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Eric Frankel with Green Street. Please go ahead. Eric Frankel Thank you. Just touching upon your now smaller office footprint given kind of what's happened with the pandemic and how that might shape how folks work in the future is there any thoughts maybe we'll wait until a CIO or CEO come to the company in terms of what that portfolio will look like in the next couple of years you think you'll accelerate dispositions or maybe some redevelopment initiatives aside from the Tyson's project?John Petersen Sure Eric. We've been pretty outspoken about this and as it relates to our office portfolio where it makes sense and where we don't feel we have the ability to redevelop a particular park or parks, we're going to strategically look at how we can exit some of our office and we've done I think a pretty good job over the last couple years of doing that and that hasn't changed and won't change. Having said that we do have some pretty nice office parks that we think have the ability over time for a higher and better use and we're going to continue to explore those options as well. So I think we're set as issues goes on that strategy and try and reduce our office portfolio where it makes sense over the next couple years.Eric Frankel Interesting. That's helpful. Just going back to, I guess to an earlier question on the bottom if you will. So your releasing spread certainly looks like it recovered mostly versus the second quarter. I guess the exception looked like the East bay. So is there any explanation in terms of why rental rate growth seems to have slowed significantly or turned negative in that market versus every other industrial flex market?John Petersen Yes Eric. No nothing specifically related to the East bay at all. So as we go through the next quarter or two or a year or two, we're going to be able to mark to market as the economy recovers pretty quickly. Our average lead term as you now Eric is a little over three years and we're going to be able to as this market turns around, we're going to be able to get to market rates pretty quickly but specifically regarding East bay there was nothing unusual there to speak of. Eric Frankel So the markets not especially weak or strong it's just maybe just whatever idiosyncratic lease that that came do?John Petersen No. We have we have higher market rent there we've been as you know, we've been increasing our mark to market in the East bay over the last several years quite nicely and so there may have been one or two situations but nothing I mean, the East bay still a tight market for us and that's where we have the vacancy as I mentioned earlier. But no, I think that's still a good market and it's still an active market not maybe not as active as it was a year or two ago clearly because of COVID, but there's still activity up in northern California to be clear.Eric Frankel Got you. All right just a final question you kind of referenced your California portfolio with the moratorium, you have a fair bit of kind of quasi retail businesses. What percent of your portfolio in California is actually open for business?John Petersen Yes majority I mean 90 high 90% are open for business. Eric Frankel Okay. John Petersen To be clear. When we talk about the moratorium that's on evictions and rent payments and those kind of things. Not opening, no almost I can't think even restaurants are able to open and serve on patios and outdoors in California. Well, you know Eric I mean.Eric Frankel Yes sure. John Petersen No. all of our, I mean there may be one or two but all of our California customers are open for business maybe not to extend they like in terms of indoor seating and restaurants and we may have a fitness center too that have to have restrictions things like that but that's really it all of our other businesses are wide open.Eric Frankel Okay. That's all I got. Thank you. John Petersen Thanks Eric. Operator [Operator Instructions] And it does appear we have no further questions. I'll return the floor to Jeff Hedges for additional or closing remarks. Jeff Hedges All right. Thank you everyone for joining us here today and we look forward to talking with you again soon. Have a great afternoon.Operator Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference call. Please disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2020 Investor Call. My name is Joanne, and I'm your event manager. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to advise all parties, this conference is being recorded. And I'd like to hand over to Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Joanne, and good morning everyone, and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter conference call. Joining today are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report early next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K and most recent 10-Q. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.4 billion. Distributable earnings were $548 million or $0.43 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.38 per share to be paid to holders of record as of August 3. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and good morning and thank you for joining our call. The second quarter saw an extremely strong rebound in virtually every liquid asset class from their March lows, as governments around the world implemented unprecedented fiscal and monetary stimulus to counter the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the United States, fiscal support is equal to approximately 15% of GDP and will likely exceed 20% with the expected passage of a fourth bill by the end of the summer as we estimated for you on our April earnings call. In addition, the federal reserve has increased its balance sheets thus far by $3 trillion, supporting new credit and liquidity facilities with potentially trillions more at their discretion if needy. The global economy has started to reopen, but as we discussed previously, the road to recovery will be uneven with divergent trends across regions and sectors. Asia is clearly further along as is Europe, both of which were impacted by COVID-19 first. In the U.S., the economy was surprisingly strong in terms of employment gains in May and June with 7.5 million jobs added and a reduction in the unemployment rate from 14.7% to 11.1%. We've learned that people are anxious to reestablish their lives on a personal level and in terms of their work. However, with persistent or accelerating infection levels in many states, we're seeing some reversals of reopening plans, which will likely reduce the pace of future employment gains while no one knows the exact course of the U.S. economy. It is likely to be slower than anticipated over the next several months as a result. However, once infection levels subside, a stronger economic recovery should occur. On a positive note, a large number of vaccine candidates are in development with several demonstrating strong efficacy in early trials. Some of the vaccines will move into Phase 3 trials soon, which will provide better insights, not only into effectiveness, but also any side effects. To the extent side effects are not a significant factor, I would anticipate having a vaccine in large scale production within a year. Against this backdrop, Blackstone remains the partner of choice in the alternatives world and an anchor of stability for our investors. Our LPs entrusted us with over $20 billion of inflows in the second quarter, driving AUM to $564 billion. We have a remarkable, $156 billion of dry powder, by far the most in the industry, uniquely positioning us to deploy capital. We successfully completed the major fundraising initiatives we discussed at our 2018 Investor Day. And as a result, fee related earnings grew 28% for the quarter. The valuations of our investments rebounded strongly from the unrealized marks experienced in the first quarter, which as we said at the time represented a point in time valuation and not the ultimate outcome we expect to achieve. In Private Equity, Credit and Hedge Fund Solutions, our returns have already retraced much of those declines. In fact, BAAM, our Hedge Fund Solution unit reported its best composite gross return in 20 years. In real estate where we are the global leader, our performance remains highly differentiated, positively so as our investors have come to expect. In the first half of the year, our opportunistic BREP funds outperformed the public REIT index by 1,100 basis points a good reason to invest with Blackstone. Our performance and our platform overall continues to benefit from superior sector selection and asset quality and its not overly concentrated in shopping malls or hotels like many other real estate funds, which has negatively impacted their performance. In our BREIT vehicle, the largest non-traded REIT, approximately 90% of our real estate investments are in the well-performing asset classes, logistics, multifamily, housing, and net leased assets, which are performing extremely well relative to other sectors in this environment. Michael will discuss our portfolio and returns in more detail. Throughout this challenging period our employees have been working remotely and have continued to operate with the same level of quality and intensity. Our culture where teamwork is paramount is built on many core principles, including communication. Each of our businesses is fully integrated with a global investment committee that has utilized video conferencing for over 20 years in order to remain connected across all of our offices. This model helped us transition seamlessly to a remote work environment. That said, we believe it is important to be together physically, to train new people and reinforce our culture. To that end, our office is in New York and London began a careful and voluntary reopening last week. It's wonderful to see many of our senior people back in the office, smiling and not looking like they just came back from a four-month camp out in a national park. In order to work at Blackstone, you must embrace the core values that have distinguished us for 35 years. The firm was built on the idea that by having an inclusive environment. And embracing diversity of ideas and perspectives we can create better outcomes. We have been deeply disturbed by the terrible acts of racial injustice that have been observed in recent months. We believe it is imperative to speak out against discrimination of any type and we have repeatedly done so. And we are redoubling our efforts both internally and externally to support diversity and equality of opportunity. Blackstone remains committed to be a force of positive change in our society. In closing, I'm extremely proud of our Blackstone family and the spirit of perseverance they've shown during these difficult times. We remain alert and hardworking with unwavering dedication to serving our investors. Whatever course the world follows, our firm is exceptionally well positioned to navigate the road ahead. And with that, I will now turn things over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. The power of our business model delivered again in the second quarter. Weve been consistently emphasizing the foundational elements of this strategy over the last several years, which include a number of pillars. First, if we produce strong performance, our investors will allocate more capital to us, for both existing and new strategies. Over the past few years since our Investor Day, weve reported nearly $250 billion of inflows and launched several new businesses in the areas we outlined. Our momentum remained quite positive even during the most abrupt market correction in modern history, with $48 billion of inflows in the first half of the year, including over $20 billion in the second quarter, all while our LPs are operating with few people physically in their offices, a testament to the significant trust they place in us. Specifically in the secondaries area, we finished fundraising both SPs new real estate and infrastructure funds, bringing AUM on that platform to nearly $40 billion, up over fourfold since we acquired it in 2013. Both funds were meaningfully larger than prior vintages, including nearly doubling the infrastructure strategy to $308 billion. Several weeks ago, SP acquired $1 billion of infrastructure secondary interest, which we believe is the largest ever transaction in the sector and a classic example of the advantages of Blackstones scale. We also raised additional capital for our fourth real estate debt fund in the quarter and post quarter end, bringing it to $7 billion, significantly larger than the prior fund. And in our corporate credit segment, inflows were nearly $7 billion in the quarter across multiple areas, including liquid strategies, direct lending and our fourth mezzanine fund. LP demand for credit products in this environment, coupled with the Blackstone franchise, have been a powerful combination. In growth equity, post quarter end, we closed on approximately $1 billion and have strong momentum. In Life Sciences, our new fund hit its cap raising $4.6 billion with significant excess demand. Blackstone Life Sciences V is the largest of its kind ever raised and 5 times larger than the predecessor fund launched before the team joined Blackstone. We are excited about the compelling deal pipeline in this space, and weve already committed 26% of the new fund. Looking forward, we now have fewer flagship funds in the market. But longer-term, investor demand for our products remains extremely high. Number two, with respect to investing, weve spoken regularly about our thematic approach. Emphasizing faster-growing parts of the global economy, which now have accelerated in the post-COVID world. These include life sciences, last mile logistics, e-commerce, content creation, cloud migration and telecom infrastructure. In the second quarter, we announced three deals in life sciences that will advance life-saving treatments, including RNAi therapies, medicine for kidney disease in children and next-generation diabetes management devices. In our BPP core plus real estate vehicle, we committed to a $1.7 billion transaction in film studios and offices in Hollywood, anchored by Netflix and Disney, global leaders in content creation. This complements our significant media-related holdings of over half the Class A office space in Burbank, California. In our private equity segment, we closed on a health care software business and a stake in a data center operator in China. We also created one of the largest cloud-enabled software companies, through a merger of our portfolio companies, Ultimate Software and Kronos. And just last week, we announced the second investment in our growth equity business, Oatly, an emerging leader in the plant-based dairy alternatives category. We also talked last quarter about pursuing opportunities created by the dislocation, having purchased $11 billion of public equities and liquid debt in March and April when markets were at their lows. We focused on areas we knew well, such as REITs, MLPs and leveraged loans, and these have been successful investments for us. Our credit team was also involved in a number of rescue financings, and we expect to see more in the months ahead. But regular way control deals in private equity and real estate do take time to play out, particularly in periods of uncertainty. Third, weve been reminding investors about the importance of staying power and firepower to navigate difficult periods. Our model, based on long-term commitments from investors, is designed to withstand a storm. Last quarter, we described the unrealized markdowns in our funds as temporary, reflecting a moment of great dislocation and said they should reverse given time. You can see that recovery underway in our second quarter returns, including double-digit appreciation in corporate private equity, tactical opportunities and credit. We feel quite good about the positioning of our portfolio, which is concentrated in sectors that are resilient to COVID related headwinds. In fact, the firms four largest investments consists of real estate logistics platforms in the U.S. and Europe, our Refinitiv data analytics business and our Biomed life sciences office company, all of which continue to perform very well. For investments in sectors more directly exposed to COVID, in a number of cases, we are encouraged by the green shoots we are seeing, but the recovery path will be choppy for these most impacted areas. In terms of firepower, our fundraising success has lifted our dry powder to a record $156 billion, as Steve noted, providing us enormous flexibility to deploy. Fourth, weve been describing the ongoing transformation of our firm, in which a shift towards greater perpetual capital would grow and improve the quality of our earnings. We now manage $110 billion of perpetual AUM, up from $64 billion at the time of our Investor Day. We outlined a path to $2 per share of annual fee-related earnings, which have since grown nearly 50% on an LTM basis. The more recurring and predictable nature of FRE should serve as a meaningful ballast for our shareholders. In terms of performance revenues, we stated last quarter that more volatile markets would mute our realization activity, something we expect to continue in the near-term. That said, with the recent market recovery, weve been able to restart some sales processes. If markets continue to be supportive, it should be positive for realizations over time. Importantly, in our business, we are able to control when we exit in order to maximize value for our investors. Fifth, weve said that the limited need for capital in our model would allow us to keep delivering for our shareholders. Weve continued to operate with virtually no net debt approximately $150 million versus our $70 billion market cap and no change in share count over the last several years, while paying out approximately 100% of earnings through dividends and buybacks. We are very focused on driving shareholder value. In closing, despite a challenging environment, we remain extremely optimistic about our future prospects. And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Ill first review the firms financial results, highlighted by the continued robust growth in fee-related earnings. Ill then discuss the key drivers of investment performance and the outlook. Starting with results. Fee-earning AUM continued on its trajectory of strong double-digit growth, up 12% year-over-year to a record $436 billion, with positive growth in every segment. Total AUM, which includes the impact of market appreciation or depreciation, rose 3% to $564 billion with $94 billion of gross inflows over the last 12 months, despite $35 billion of realizations. Management fees increased 16% year-over-year to $977 million, also a record on higher AUM and the onset of full fees for several new funds. Fee-related earnings rose a remarkable 28% to $541 million or $0.45 per share, powered by the growth in management fees and expanding margins. For the last 12 months, FRE rose to a record $2 billion or $1.67 per share of 27% year-over-year. Distributable earnings were $548 million for the second quarter or $0.43 per common share, strong growth in FRE was offset by decline in net realizations as the market environment muted activity levels. That said, positive returns across the firm drove a 24% sequential increase in the net accrued performance revenue receivable on the balance sheet to $2.7 billion. And at the same time, invested performance revenue eligible AUM grew to a record $249 billion, up 10% year-over-year. These are both important indicators of realization potential over time. Turning to investment performance. Steve and Jon highlighted the strong rebound in our fund returns in the second quarter, including double-digit appreciation and corporate private equity, Tac Ops and credit and a record quarter for BAAM. I'll provide more context. While the impact of COVID has been broad-based across the economy, there has been notable dispersion in performance across sectors and regions. In our own portfolios, we remain well positioned overall resulting from careful sector and asset selection. The firm's key investment themes are benefiting from strong fundamentals, leading to healthy value appreciation in those areas. For investments in sectors most directly impacted by COVID, our valuations continue to reflect a cautious outlook, recognizing the ongoing uncertainty around the timing and shape of recovery curves for individual assets. In corporate private equity, funds appreciated 12.8% in the quarter driven by a sharp rebound in the publics and with gains in particular, in our technology oriented, consumer finance and midstream holdings. Travel, leisure and events oriented businesses remain under pressure given the environment. The two significant fully invested global funds and private equity, BCP VI and BCP VII, both posted strong gains in the quarter and their combined performance revenue receivable more than doubled from the first quarter to $828 million. The Tactical Opportunities funds appreciated 10.8% in the second quarter. In credit, the composite increased 10.1% gross reflective of the significant improvement in the credit backdrop. The leveraged loan market where average loan pricing had fallen to $0.76 in relation to par at the lows in March recovered to $0.90 in the second quarter, while high yield spreads tightened by over 700 basis points from the lows. And in BAAM, the BPS composite rose 6% gross in the quarter and is now down 3.1% year-to-date, outperforming global equity market benchmarks with significantly lower volatility. Turning to real estate, I'll provide a more detailed review of our positioning and how that has translated to investment performance. The opportunistic funds appreciated 1.6% in the second quarter and are down 7.6% year-to-date compared to the public REIT index down nearly 20%. The core-plus funds appreciated 3% in the second quarter largely erasing the declines in the first quarter. As we discussed on last quarter's call, approximately 80% of the total real estate portfolio is in sector showing strong resiliency to COVID-related headwinds, including logistics, and most of our residential and office holdings, more exposed investments include hospitality, retail, and a smaller proportion of our office and urban residential holdings. I'll break that down further. Logistics is the firm's largest exposure overall and comprises over one third of the real estate portfolio. These investments continue to benefit from growing e-commerce demand, which based on our internal data analysis is up over 60% year-over-year in the U.S. since the onset of the crisis, indeed market pricing for warehouses today is higher than it was pre-COVID reflective of these positive trends. In office, approximately 90% of our holdings are in very resilient areas, including life sciences office, our fast growing India platform focused on global tech company tenants, assets in select markets, such as Berlin, where there's healthy tenant demand and vacancy is low and West Coast office where we're one of the largest landlords to content creators and tech companies. And in residential, our U.S. multifamily portfolio is more concentrated in suburban garden style apartments in attractive smile-state markets. Occupancy in this area has remained stable in the mid-90s with steady rents and increasing leasing activity. Hospitality and retail, the two areas most impacted by COVID, together represent 13% of the real estate portfolio. In hospitality, there's been encouraging early demand at certain key assets that have reopened, but corporate and group business travel will likely remain depressed for some time and we're preparing for a long recovery. Finally, within retail, approximately two thirds of our holdings are in more resilient grocery anchored assets or high quality Asian malls where trends are more favorable, and indeed we don't own any enclosed malls in the U.S. In summary, the firm's investment performance reflects two overarching dynamics. First, the significant rebound in public markets in the second quarter. And second, in terms of fundamentals that dispersion of performance across industries, where our thematic approach in sector selection had been a source of resiliency for our portfolio. Finally, in terms of the outlook. While the market volatility has impacted near-term realization activity, our momentum and FRE and the earnings balance it [ph] provides remains robust. All four of the flagship funds have been activated and are now earning full fees, including BCP VIII, which exited its fee holiday at the end of June. We previously discussed a path $2 per share of FRE, and we remained firmly on this path. In closing, the firm continues to operate from position of great strength and we believe our value proposition remains highly compelling in all environments. And with that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your question-and-answer session will now begin. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question today comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just given the strong returns in your hedge fund business and also attractive yields available in the private debt markets today, relative to really low yields we're seeing in the public fixed income markets. What are your thoughts on the future migration to both the hedge fund segment, and also private credit and out of traditional fixed income?
Jon Gray: Well, Craig, I think that's a very important question. Everybody naturally has been focused on the impacts of the dislocation in the short term and what it's meant for the economy. I think the longer-term impact is that we are in an extremely low interest rate environment everywhere in the world. And if you were a large pool of capital or even an individual investors, you are willing to trade some liquidity in order to generate higher yields. So the idea that folks will make choices to allocate more to private credit potentially as well to hedge funds. We think that makes a lot of sense. We think there will be more of a move towards private assets overall. That's what we've been seeing prior to this recent step down in rates. We expect to continue to see that. And that's what really underlies our businesses, mega trend and movement towards alternatives in private credits no exception.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Adam Beatty of UBS. Please proceed, Adam.
Adam Beatty: Good morning and thank you for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about the outlook for FRE margin? Looks like a healthy expansion in the quarter and particularly well controlled FRE comp expense. So just wanting to know if there were any particular drivers in the quarter that we should be aware of and how we should think about that going forward? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Thank you, Adam. It's Michael. So it's a good question. And just stepping back, I think, as we've said on prior calls, first of all, just in terms of the numbers. It's best to look at margins and expense growth we think over multiple quarters and really the full year as we do have a degree of entry or move in our expenses. But with that said, obviously, over the first half as well, margin is up significantly. The two key drivers of that that I would highlight are first and primarily basically strong operating leverage is with simply put revenues growing well in excess of expenses. And particularly in our Real Estate segment, where you can see fee revenues are up over 40% and fee compensation is up 11%. So that really is the first headline. And then second, similar to other companies, we are seeing some margin benefit from lower discretionary expense such as T&E related to the current period in COVID, which is more of a temporary impact. But overall, we feel confident, as we said before, in our ability to drive operating leverage across the firm, I think this quarter has shown that and we're certainly pleased with the results.
Adam Beatty: Great. Thank you, Michael. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you, Adam. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. Please proceed, Chris.
Chris Harris: Thanks. Question on BREIT, guessing the fundraising there may have slowed down a bit in the quarter. But are you starting to see a fundraising recovery and related to that, how has the investor performance at BREIT holding up? It sounds like it's holding up quite well, but a little bit more color there would be appreciated.
Jon Gray: Sure. So you're right in terms of what happened in BREIT this year. We started in the year with a lot of momentum on fundraising. When we had the crisis, we saw retail investors pull back like all investors, but I think retail a little more and we saw a sharp slowdown in fundraising activity. We begun to rebuild and we're starting to see more positive momentum. What really will drive BREIT over time gets to your point, which is really about performance? So yes, this year we're right now, I think sitting at negative 3% year-to-date, which is pretty strong relative to other real estate indices, but inception to-date, a 7% net IRR, which also has greatly outperformed. But looking forward, back to Steve's comment, 90% of that portfolio in logistics, rental housing and net lease assets positions it very well. So our confidence in BREIT is high. We think investors as they see the performance even in this challenged economic climate, we will start to return in a meaningful way. So BREIT, we think will continue to be a real engine for the firm over time.
Operator: Thank you, Craig. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. I wanted to see if you could get a quick comment about your insurance business and what you're seeing in the space? It looks like a lot of your largest peers have made periodic moves. Everybody has got a big platform. It's a huge wide open canvas. I heard your comments loud and clear on rates and the credit opportunity, but maybe you could just talk about your insurance franchise specifically that would be great.
Steve Schwarzman: Sure. So as background, we have $62 billion of assets from that sector today. We strengthened our relationship with our largest client fidelity and guarantee in connection with their merger with FNF. We have a terrific leader of our business in [indiscernible], and we're looking at a range of opportunities. There is an enormous amount of assets in this space and low interest rates make it a challenging investment environment. As a platform we think we have fairly unique origination capabilities in both corporate and real estate and other areas of credit. And we think that positions us quite well to serve a range of insurance clients. We're spending a lot of time here and I would just say stay tuned.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'd just be curious to hear your perspective on what, if any, or what sort of lessons learned do you take away from the past couple of months with this crisis and how that informs your decision making process, and maybe in what ways does it impact or alter your strategy in any way or approach to execution?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I think, one thing it reminds us is sort of expect the unexpected. It's hard to anticipate a global pandemic that shuts down the economy, but you want to run your business in a very disciplined way as an investor. So make sure you have structures that allow you to hold assets, long-term capital commitments, debt structures that give you time. All of that is more important than ever. And we've seen over the last 20 years things happen. This is obviously the largest single event, but it was a strong reminder. And then the recovery here we've seen in markets quickly shows you again the importance of that staying power because assets can recover. I think the other important lesson in my mind is the transformation that's been happening in the global economy driven by technology, which we have been talking about here on these calls the last couple of years in terms of how we position the business, where we invest that continues to gain momentum and the crisis has clearly accelerated that. And so sort of betting against those trends has not been a good decision. We've been fortunate. Michael highlighted in this in his commentary around real estate and other areas of the firm that exposure to those areas, faster growing areas has made a difference. And we talk about, Steve talks about the importance of good neighborhoods, investing in good neighborhoods. This crisis reaffirmed that, that investing in the right sectors really has been the difference maker. I think that's reaffirmed overall. So big takeaway. You've got to have a real fortress in terms of how you run your business. That's certainly how we run Blackstone overall. And you've got to be mindful of the transformation that's taking place. Those were both key takeaways, I think from the COVID crisis.
Michael Chae: I might just build on that Mike that from a internal and operational standpoint, we like other businesses have talked a lot about how relatively well it's worked sort of remotely, but the reason why it's worked so well remotely for us and quite seamlessly is because of 35 years of building culture in a very integrated firm and so forth. So we didn't miss a beat when we had to go remote. So that's been a critical thing and sort of we've benefited from that history as well as benefiting from 35 years of building relationships and trust and a brand and a franchise with our clients, which has allowed us to seamlessly continue to obviously raise capital and continue to win the trust of clients in this  even in this environment.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes, I  we're doing a pile on, Mike, on this thing, but it's an important question. And this is Steve. And one thing we've also learned through the crisis is the reemphasis on outstanding management because in a time where there are winners and losers and enormous dislocation, the managers who were tens, on a scale of ten, we'll find a way to be in the right place at the right time with the right emphasis, the right capital allocation. And it's hard to micromanage everybody's behavior from afar, if you will. And if the right people are in the right seats, you can get enormous like good outcomes and fragility in a way of certain business models. And it's not related to us in particular, but its more apparent than it was and the needs to manage change are much greater. And I think that's really been drilled into the organization, observationally. And also we've learned that different parts of our organization can uniquely help other parts of the business and that we even can combine certain functions, not just to do it more effectively, but to add enormous value by doing that. And so, I think, we've all found that these types of periods lead to different type of refocus, if you will and the potential for value adds in our different business. So what I would say is, as strong as Blackstone is that that we will be stronger coming out of this in terms of lessons we've learned and how we apply them for growth and performance in the future. Great question.
Michael Cyprys: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed. Youre live in the call, Bill.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the questions. Good morning, everybody. Just a clarification on the bigger picture question. On the comp expense, is that a good run rate? I didn't quite hear what you said on that. And the bigger picture is just as you think about the private equity opportunity in retail, just given some of the department of labor rulings. How quickly do you think that that could potentially kick in? And how do you think about the economic opportunity associated with those volumes? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Hi, Bill. Its Michael. First on comp expense, I started by talking about don't look at one quarter, look at sort of overtime and really the balance of a year. So notwithstanding what the growth rates were in the first quarter, first half, I would also sort of point you to the LTM, for example, where else the LTM comp expense basically grew at something like 11% over the prior LTM period. So I think that's closer to sort of certainly a very near term expectation on that.
Jon Gray: So on the 401(k) I'd say Bill, this is a very interesting opportunity for us and our industry going forward. There are obviously retirement savings challenges for Americans. And we think this decision by the DOL was a step in the right direction, for sure, because of the strong performance of alternatives. And the size it could be in the multiple hundred billion dollars for the industry in terms of additional assets. We, as the market leader, we think would get a healthy, reasonable share of that based on our performance, our track record and brand. But I want to qualify this by saying, we think it's a long journey because there are intermediaries, there's a system that's in place and we have to work with folks over time to get them to move in this direction. So we see it as a real opportunity, but something that will take time to emerge.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. I was hoping you could speak more about your outlook for dislocation based investment opportunities. So you mentioned the $11 billion put to work in public market opportunities brought about by COVID. What is the outlook for dislocated driven investment opportunities as we look at over the next 12 months and the potential to see accelerated deployment of your record dry powder? And maybe is your thoughts that the best of COVID-driven opportunities are in the past, or is the better opportunities still out there in the future?
Jon Gray: So I bifurcate that answer. I think in the public markets, there was that brief window which proved to be attractive and we were fortunate to take advantage of it and move a significant amount of capital. And depending what happens on markets, that seems less likely, I think, to see that kind of dislocation again in the near term, particularly given the fiscal and monetary policies that have been put in place. In the private markets it takes more time. So a company that has limited capital will obviously utilize that capital to get through a difficult period of time. And at some point they may hit the proverbial wall. If you have real estate assets, a foreclosure process takes time. So I think as you think about more distressed opportunities in the private markets, those are ahead of us. In the public markets it's always hard to predict, but I think the serious levels of market decline doesn't  I would not predict that. So I think that we may see less of it, although there may be industries that come under more pressure, particularly if the virus persists. But I think the real opportunity still lies ahead of us in the private space.
Ken Worthington: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alex Blostein: Hi, good morning, everyone. I was hoping to follow back  follow-up on some of the comments you guys made around real estate. And Michael thanks for incremental disclosure there with respect to exposures. But as you thinking about the current dry powder within real estate today how much of that do you expect to support sort of existing assets? How are you thinking about the path to recovery in real estate? And Jon to the last question I didn't hear you talk much about opportunities specifically within real estate and I imagine there could be some meaningful dislocations there as well. So maybe address that as well. Thanks.
Jon Gray: Okay, so I would start in terms of protecting the portfolio. I would see that is generally a pretty small percentage of the dry powder we have. Given that we have, as Michael described, just 13% of our assets in hotel and retail and some of those are in better position, we don't have a large number of what we think of as deeply troubled assets. There are some additional assets in other sectors. But overall as a percentage of our holdings, it's relatively small, so we don't expect a lot of dry powder going in that direction. In terms of the path of recovery, what I'd say about real estate is we have this very wide dispersion in terms of performance, post-COVID. So we talked about logistics, and life science offices, garden apartments, all recovering, we're seeing places like China, where there's a faster recovery economically. And so we're seeing areas that have had strengths. Then we talked about hotel and retail, where you have significant headwinds. To give you a sense, collections for us in office, apartment and logistics are running 95% of typical levels. Retail, that number is more like 50% or 60%. So that gives you a sense of the challenges in the retail sector. Office, I would say is probably somewhere in the middle, we talked about our portfolio having more exposure to places like European office, continental European office, or Indian IT parks, life science office. And even in the U.S. more west coast sort of content technology oriented. We do have some exposures as Michael outlined in places like New York, and Washington D.C. and Chicago, but it's a very small percentage of our overall portfolio. I would expect in urban markets in the U.S. that this is going to be a challenging couple year period, because you've got people working remotely today, you have high unemployment, companies are going to be resistant to making long-term commitments, and that's going to put pressure in the near term. Over time we think people will return to office buildings. It's very hard to run businesses remotely. We think there will be less density. There's certainly going to be a lot less new construction, and we think there'll be a return. But turning to the investment opportunity, what that means is if you fundamentally believe this is more cyclical in nature, as we do in categories like office or in hotels, then you should have a good opportunity to deploy capital in retail enclosed malls, where we think the challenge is more secular, then we're going to be more hesitant in putting out capital.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Lee with KBW. Please proceed Rob.
Rob Lee: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Hope everybody is doing well.
Steve Schwarzman: Hi, Rob. How are you doing?
Rob Lee: Thank you. I guess my question is maybe a difficult one and a little more political, but maybe we have kind of in addition to all the pandemic difficulties out there, obviously its an election year, a lot of uncertainty and certain members of certainly one party or openly hospitals to the industry. So how do you incorporate that into your investment processes? And maybe that's more of a U.S.-centric thing, but how is that backdrop, playing into how you are thinking of capital deployment or willingness to deploy capital into certain types of strategies for our business?
Jon Gray: Well, I guess I'd step back and say our business has been deploying capital now for 35 years. And weve done it in all different political environments. Weve done it in all red, all blue, divided government, and weve managed to get through it and grow through all those different political cycles. I also think its really important to keep in mind that our clients, who are primarily pension funds, believe we provide a vital service to them. And we agree with them and thats why they continue to allocate capital. And were really an important component in terms of providing retirement security to many Americans and many folks around the world. We believe, regardless of the political environment, we can continue to grow our business and serve our clients. I do think that given the fiscal shortfalls that exists, if the city state in federal level, higher taxes are  seem increasingly like a likelihood, and thats something were thinking about as we deploy capital. But these things are always fluid. Its hard to predict whats going to come, but we feel good about our position and the importance of the role our firm place.
Rob Lee: Thank you. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Michael Carrier from Bank of America. Please proceed Michael.
Michael Carrier: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. You guys provided some good color on the real estate portfolio. And I may have missed it, but just was curious if you can provide some of the similar metrics on the private equity portfolio, whether its in terms of revenue or EBITDA trends and sector exposures, particularly just given that were seeing some nuances between the private universe, the public markets? Thanks.
Jon Gray: So what I would say about the private equity portfolio is similar to real estate, as weve had this heavy orientation recently in faster-growing industries, which have held up quite well. And we believe about 70% of our portfolio is in what we call COVID resilient sectors. But big holdings like Refinitiv, investments like MagicLab, Blue Yonder, Vungle, what weve done in some of the faster-growing Asian markets, we feel quite good about those. Ultimate, Kronos, similarly, thats been really important. And as a result, when you look at our overall private equity portfolio in the quarter, revenues were basically flat in the quarter and EBITDA was down fairly modestly, which was better than we certainly would have anticipated 90 days ago.
Michael Carrier: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Michael. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry OHara with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Jerry OHara: Great, thanks. Perhaps a slight pivot on an earlier question. But I think on the prior call, Jon, you may have mentioned that asset trades regular way. I think private equity could take up to a year setting experience from the GFC, so curious if anything would perhaps lead you to believe differently at this point? Or is there still sort of that 9 months to 12 months runway before activity picks up, beyond sort of the distressed situations cited earlier? And I guess on a related note, are there any particular follow through risks that youre kind of watching for or see that could prolong that return to regular weight transactions? Thank you.
Jon Gray: Yes. I think the  when you think about deployment and transaction activity, a backdrop of high uncertainty makes it harder to do control transactions, not necessarily on our side as the investor, but if you think about sellers. So given the resurgence of the virus in the United States, that, I think, has made some sellers a little more cautious. Now in those sectors that are not COVID impacted or have been positively impacted more life sciences, growth equity, technology-oriented deals, were still seeing reasonable transaction volumes. But in a lot of the sort of traditional economy, people are a little more cautious. I would expect that to continue as it relates to larger size control deals. We would be more than willing, and weve shown a willingness to deploy capital even into the most impacted areas. But there tends to be a little more resistance to that, as people want to sell into a little bit of a healthier market. And so I would say, I think certain sectors will remain active. It will take time. Its hard to say exactly how long. But if you look at M&A volumes, I think theyre down since the crisis, about 50%, which is an indication of whats happening and most of that is concentrated in those healthier sectors. So at some point here, businesses will transact. Opportunities will emerge. And the great thing about our model is we can be patient if necessary. And then when the opportunities emerge, we can move very, very quickly. And having that $156 billion of dry powder is very helpful.
Operator: Thank you, Jerry. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. I guess, kicking off on the political football question.
Jon Gray: Hi Chris, it sounds like we lost your volume there. Can you still hear us? Joanne, why dont we go back to the next question, and Chris can reprompt if hes able to get a connection again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler from William Blair. Please proceed, thank you.
Chris Shutler: Hi guys, good morning. Curious to understand how your approach to valuing assets is changing in this environment, particularly in light of zero interest rates and the potential for those rates to remain very low for some time, as indicated by the 10-year. And we all understand the sensitivity of DCF models to the discount rate. So just curious to get your thoughts there.
Michael Chae: Well, with respect to valuing our existing portfolios, first to value new investments. Look, our approach remains the same in terms of our process. It remained the same in the first quarter at a very challenging dynamic time in March, and it certainly remains the same now. And in terms of the rate environment, obviously, in the context of, say, a DCF that is generally expressed or impounded in discount rates and indirectly on a second order basis on exit multiple assumptions, which we look at based on historical levels, in a way that has the outcome of being quite conservative, which youve seen in terms of the values we have achieved upon exits versus where we carried assets on an unaffected basis, which generally has implied a meaningful discount. So weve been through a lot of different rate environments over 35 years. And every quarter, we value our assets. And as rates fluctuate, again, those are translated through into our discount rates. Our cost of debt is part of that, that's embedded in that and also in exit multiples.
Jon Gray: And I would just say, in terms of new investments, we have not started expanding exit multiples based on the low rate environment, but it is an interesting question when you get to more stable infrastructure, real estate, resilient corporate businesses. As we've seen in the stock market, it is possible that there will be a re-rating hire for those businesses. And so we have not adopted that in our models, but it's obviously something we're looking at in terms of the market environment.
Chris Shutler: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Chris. Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just a follow-up on some of the realization commentary. And I guess the question really is that it sounds like some sales processes have started back up in certain areas and obviously, valuations in certain areas have recovered quite a bit. I'm curious how critical the ability to meet in person is to sell an asset, meaning, we really need a broader economic reopening for M&A to really come back here? M&A historically has been a business where people want to see and touch an asset or meet with management or employees in person. So I'm just trying to think about that? And on the other side, I'm assuming that the processes today are virtual, just given that dynamic. And so we've seen record equity capital raising over the past few months. Our debt capital ratio is incredibly active. So just trying to think about how much we're learning about what can be done virtually and maybe the benefits of that, either from the ability to sell assets through following offerings or IPOs or even M&A and kind of the virtual kind of evolution here?
Jon Gray: Well, it's interesting. I do think as it relates to selling securities, this world has probably been a tool that is more advantageous. Doing an IPO roadshow, reaching a larger audience for liquid securities, I think it's a positive. But to your earlier comments, it is a headwind. Transactions have gotten done. We announced a number of deals this quarter oldly, some of the life science deals we announced, the studio deal we did on the West Coast in real estate but it's definitely harder. And I do think it weighs on the transaction environment. So as the virus 60, 90 days ago seemed to be receding, it felt like the deal activity was going to really pick up. There was a lot of pent-up demand to do transactions. Now that has made it hard, sort of, logistically to do deals and obviously has impacted businesses a bit. I do think back to Steve's earlier comments, as the virus goes and way once we have a vaccine, I do think youll see probably a step function increase in deal activity. And so this is a headwind to that deal activity today. But nevertheless, remarkably, we've done a number of transactions. Others have  people are finding a way to do business, but it's definitely a bit harder.
Michael Chae: There's also a global dimension. That's probably as much as anything U.S.-centric comment. In Europe and Asia, there is more, I think, ability to convene and manage transaction processes. But the overall point stands, obviously.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. Most questions have been asked and answered. But maybe if I just come back to private equity in 401(k). I realize it's a very long-term endeavor. But I've been working with plan sponsors on this topic already. So maybe if you could just sort of comment on whether you think the 15% allocation from the DOL right now is one way to do it, but the potential for direct investments in private equity in 401(k)? And then whether you think it would be  it could be achieved in more core private equity products, like the series of BCP funds? Or would that be more facilitated through things like your secondary business or TAC ops?
Jon Gray: I would say, I think it's unlikely that you're going to see direct investments. I think target date funds run by plan sponsors, is the most likely vehicle for accessing 401(k) money. And then I think within sectors, real estate is probably the easiest place to start. Because there is some real estate already in the 401(k) market, private real estate. So that seems like a logical area. I think our secondaries business because of the diversification there and liquidity is another area. And over time, hopefully, we'll move to traditional private equity. So as I said earlier, I think it's a journey. We tend to get focus on large market opportunities like this, and we work for a long time. So this stuff does not happen overnight, but we think our track record and what we can offer individual investors is compelling. And we're going to spend a fair amount of time trying to figure it out.
Brian Bedell: Good. And you've been working on with large plan sponsors or off of the moment?
Jon Gray: I'm not going to comment on who we're talking to. But it's  as I said, it's an area of focus.
Brian Bedell: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Brian. And our final question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer Company. Please proceed.
Chris Kotowski: I'm sorry. Thank you. I was having problems with my headset. There was a story in the FT yesterday that the Attorney General of Kentucky joined a lawsuit against you and KKR for excessive fees. I imagine you can't comment on that directly, but I guess it illustrates the point of the earlier question about how it's become such a political football. And I guess I wonder  I mean, private equity started out primarily serving public pension funds. And just given the [indiscernible] does it  is the riskiness of taking money from that source increased? And does it make it less attractive to you, especially since there are so many other places that want to give you money?
Jon Gray: Yes. This suit, and I'm limited in what I can say, of course, but this was focused in the hedge fund area, just as background. The suit has already been dismissed once by the Kentucky Supreme Court. BAAM, our hedge fund area, actually beat the benchmark by threefold in this case and generated more than $150 million of gain for the pension fund. We think the claims here are completely without merit. And if the broader question is, do we think our pension fund clients appreciate what we do and our performance stands up and we're excellent fiduciaries? The answer to all of that is yes. And we do not see this as an underlying sort of trend in our business.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. Thank you. Thats it for me.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Weston Tucker for closing comments.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and please give me a call if you have any questions.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2020 Investor Call. My name is Deborah, and Im your event manager. During the presentation, your lines remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] Id just advise you all that the conference is being recorded.And now Ill hand over to Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, Weston. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Deborah, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstones first quarter conference call, which were hosting remotely, given the office closure is still in effect in New York City. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer.Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report early next month. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K.Well also refer to non-GAAP measures, and youll find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent.So a quick recap of our results. We reported a GAAP net loss for the quarter of $2.6 billion. Distributable earnings were $557 million or $0.46 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.39 to be paid to holders of record as of May 4.With that, Ill turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. The COVID-19 pandemic has created a truly unprecedented set of challenges of the global economy, markets and society at large. The human cost of the crisis has been tragic and our deepest sympathies go out to those whove lost loved ones. Wed also like to express our sincere gratitude to all the frontline workers, hospitals, EMS, doctors and nurses, fire, police, municipal workers, and everyone else putting their safety on the line to protect others.I would like to convey support for everyone who has been sheltering in place throughout the world and has experienced the dislocation of relative isolation and its real psychological costs and discomfort. Economically for the first time in U.S. history, the country has voluntarily shut much of itself down, creating massive unemployment, which you saw with the numbers this morning continuing. This resulted in some of the largest ever declines across almost all asset classes and drove market volatility to an all-time high. The governments quick action in terms of physical stimulus and support from the Fed helped stabilize markets.Altogether, stimulus programs could equate to 20% or more of U.S. GDP will be critically important in supporting the country as we navigate the path to recovery. At Blackstone, we are hopeful that major advances in vaccine development and mass testing could accelerate a return to work in normal life, but were also preparing for what may be a long and gradual process.Over the firms 35-year history, weve successfully managed through multiple periods of severe dislocation and learned a lot in the process. Most importantly, weve seen how our business model has created the advantage of patients during times of crisis with an asset light model and third-party capital typically under very long-term contracts. We do not face the same pressures to sell as others do when values are low. We saw this play out during the global financial crisis when despite initially significant declines in asset values, we were able to hold assets until things ultimately rebounded and normalized.Our experience with Hilton worldwide, which we purchased in October 2007 ahead of the market crash, and is an excellent illustration. At the worst point in the financial crisis, our $6 billion equity investment, it was marked down to $0.31 on the dollar, but the firm is staying power allowed us to focus on executing our operating plan. When the world eventually recovered, Hilton generated 10 times that marked down value with $14 billion of profit for our investors, which may be the largest in private equity history.Michael will tell you more about the recovery and values overall that we experienced. Although the current crisis is much more formidable than the global financial crisis, our firms operating and financial position is much more formidable today as well. We are exceptionally secure financially with over $4 billion of cash and liquid investments. Weve recently completed the major fundraising initiatives we discussed at our 2018 Investor Day, driving fee-earning AUM up 20% year-over-year to record new levels and generating fee-related earnings growth of 25%. We now have $152 billion of dry powder capital more than anyone in the industry, which uniquely positions us to invest during this period of historic dislocation.Despite the headline GAAP numbers for the quarter, which were primarily driven by unrealized marks. We generated $557 million distributable earnings for shareholder in the first quarter and $2.9 billion over the last 12 months. While we were not immune to the market backdrop in terms of portfolio marks. They are just that unrealized marks. They reflect a point in time valuation and not an estimate of the value we ultimately expect to realize.In real estate, our largest business, which produces over half of the firms earnings. Our performance held up quite well reflecting the superior sector selection of the portfolio, which Jon Gray talked about on television this morning on CNBC. In BAAM, our institutional business largely did its job of protecting capital for investors. Corporate private equity and credit returns were basically in line with the S&P 500 and high yield indices respectively with our public securities and energy holdings negatively impacting both significantly. Our publics have rebounded meaningfully as you might have expected since quarter end, although, energy, of course, has remained depressed.Jon and Michael will discuss our portfolio in more detail. At Blackstone, our people have not missed a beat during this period. All of our groups have been working incredibly hard from home. We have a full team in place that is developing return to work plans for our various offices, but in the meantime, our technology team has done a remarkable job keeping us all connected, despite the physical separation.Ive never been more proud of our people and the enormous dedication they are showing just serving our investors and shareholders. Im also incredibly proud of the important work were doing to support our communities and frontline workers. Weve mobilized the full resources of our firm and our portfolio companies to help in many, many ways, including making an anchor $15 million contribution to the New York State First Responders Fund and other organizations serving first responders and vulnerable populations in New York City, the donation of supplies and housing for medical workers, the rent free donation of facilities, including our very large NEC conference center in Birmingham in the UK to serve as a field hospital, similar to how the Javits Center is being used in New York City, along with many, many other initiatives. Ill leave you with an image, which were particularly proud of here at Blackstone. One of our portfolio companies, TeamHealth, which is providing staffing for emergency rooms during this crisis captured and tweeted a wonderful picture, the husband and wife, nurse team tenderly embracing in between treating COVID affected patients.These images have gone viral on the internet, and I was amazed to see it featured on the NBC Nightly News a few nights ago. I think it embodies the spirit of courage and devotion is helping sustain all of us during these times. Blackstone remains entirely committed. Youre being a force for good in our society. Together, we will face these unprecedented challenges and emerge from this crisis stronger than ever.With that, Ill now turn things over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Id like to reiterate these sentiments on how proud I am of our people and the dedication theyve shown through this difficult period. Our mission to serve our clients is most vital in times of greatest stress. The pandemic has created extraordinary challenges as much of the global economy has been shutdown. To effectively navigate a crisis of this magnitude, an investment firm needs two essential qualities, staying power to ride out the storm and fire power to take advantage of opportunities. Fortunately, Blackstone has both.First with respect to staying power, our model based on long-term committed capital from investors is designed for periods like this. We can focus on doing what we need for companies and properties without having to worry about being forced sellers. Weve also been disciplined with the capital structures of our underlying investments and their debt maturities. Further, our funds are designed with significant reserves, which allow us to support investments even in the most challenged sectors today, energy, hotels, and location based entertainment through additional capital where we believe the risk return is appropriate.As weve seen again and again through cycles, strong companies and properties recover and flourish given time. Weve also been emphasizing deployment in faster growing sectors over the past several years, which are showing great resiliency in this environment. Key themes include: logistics, life sciences, cloud migration, and online content creation, all of which are holding up quite well and are expected to outperform.In real estate, logistics now represent over one-third of our entire portfolio positioning us well the benefit from the powerful global growth in e-commerce. In private equity, in partnership with our new growth equity business, we recently completed the $3 billion acquisition of MagicLab, the parent of online dating app, Bumble, which is showing tremendous revenue growth in March and April. More volatile markets nevertheless do mean that realizations will likely be muted for some time. However, the firm generated $3.6 billion of annual management fees over the last 12 months. The shift towards perpetual capital and recurring fee related earnings should provide meaningful ballast for continuing returns of capital to shareholders.Moving from staying power to firepower, over the past two years, weve raised nearly $250 billion, including three funds that were the largest of their kind ever raised, global real estate, European real estate and corporate private equity. In the first quarter, specifically, gross inflows reached $27 billion, including $12 billion in the month of March after markets began their sharp decline, a testament to the trust our limited partners place in us.We held the final close for the European real estate fund, the last of our four key flagship funds, which reached an industry record $11 billion. We also raised nearly $5 billion for our second core private equity vehicle entirely in the last two weeks of March, nearly $3 billion for our fourth real estate debt fund and our new life sciences fund is closed on over $4 billion of its $4.5 billion hard cap.In real estate, the Core+ platform saw significant inflows in the quarter for the institutional and BREIT retail vehicle and overall has grown to nearly $50 billion, up 36% year-on-year. After reporting greater than $100 billion of inflows for three consecutive years, on last quarters call, we said that inflows could approach $100 billion again this year.Given the market turbulence, we expect fundraising to continue, but now at a slower pace. Longer term, in a world of lower rates, we believe the secular shift to alternatives and Blackstone, in particular, will continue. Investor desire for better returns should be stronger than ever. In the meantime, we have tremendous investment capacity across all of our businesses and are truly in a distinctive position to deploy $152 billion of dry powder. These post-crisis investments should lay the groundwork for attractive future realizations. Were already seeing actionable opportunities appearing from the dislocation, initially in structured credit and liquid markets.Since the crisis began, we bought $11 billion of public equities and liquid debt across the firm and are well positioned to do more. Were also starting to see some rescue situations, although distress takes time to play out. What were looking for our businesses that are cyclically, not secularly, under pressure. The opportunity to invest in them across various parts of the capital structure should be robust.The breadth of our platform also creates highly unique deal flow. Last week, we announced the collaboration of up to $2 billion with biopharmaceutical platform Alnylam to help accelerate the advancement of RNAi therapies, including a highly promising cholesterol treatment. This was a signature Blackstone deal and represented a partnership between our life sciences team, which invested in a portfolio of royalties, our credit group, which provided a senior secured term loan and other areas of the firm. As we evaluate investments, maintaining our discipline is imperative.We have to remain clear eyed about the uncertainties that exist in the world and underwrite a slow recovery. If things heal more quickly, that is upside. Were also being thoughtful about the changes that are likely to follow from this pandemic. So much of our lives should revert to normal, there will be broad reaching implications for areas such as e-commerce, remote learning, streaming media, cyber security and so on. Technological disintermediation, which was the greatest agent of change before the current crisis is likely to further accelerate.In closing, while it would have been hard to imagine the severity of the circumstances the world is facing today, Blackstone remains the partner of choice for our investors to help them weather the storm. Our firm is built to not only survive extreme dislocations, but to ultimately thrive.With that, Ill turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning everyone. Ill begin my remarks with a discussion of financial results and then well review the key drivers of investment performance. Ill finish with the outlook and discussion of the firms strong financial position.Starting with results. The durability and exceptional quality of the firms AUM and financial profile is perhaps best illustrated by periods of dislocation. Fee earning AUM grew 20% year-over-year to a record $423 billion as Steve highlighted. The vast majority of our AUM is under long-term contracts with an average remaining contractual life of over 12 years.Total AUM, which reflects the full impact of market appreciation or depreciation, still rose 5% year-over-year to $538 billion, with $119 billion of gross inflows over the last 12 months, despite $38 billion of realizations. Base management fees grew to a record $910 million up 20% year-over-year in line with the growth in fee AUM.Fee related earnings continued on the strong positive trajectory outlined previously, up 25% year-over-year to $468 million. FRE margin expanded 70 basis points in the quarter from the full year 2019 level and we would expect margins to remain largely stable in this environment. Fee include all cash operating expenses and fee related compensation in our definition of FRE, there is nothing allocated against performance revenues, making it a highly transparent measure of the firms base profitability. The last 12 months, FRE rose to record $1.9 billion or $1.57 per share up 27% year-over-year. Ill discuss the FRE outlook in a moment.Distributable earnings were $557 million for the quarter or $0.46 per share, up 5% year-over-year and underpinned by the strong growth in FRE. Net realizations declined year-over-year as the market environment muted activity levels.Turning to investment performance. Steve and Jon both characterize the impact of the historically challenging market backdrop on our first quarter returns. I will provide more context. Real estate, the opportunistic BREP funds depreciated 8.8% in the first quarter, while the Core+ funds, including BREIT depreciated 3.9%. Weve been talking for years about the firms thematic targeted investing in real estate, which has resulted in a well-positioned portfolio concentrated in sectors that have shown greater resilience to COVID related headwinds.Indeed, approximately 80% of the portfolio is comprised of logistics, high quality office and residential assets, logistics being the most dominant theme. Four of the firms five largest investments include two logistics deals, Logicor and GLP, and two high growth office platforms. BioMed and the life sciences space and our Indian office platform.Investments in the hotel and retail sectors were the most directly impacted by COVID and we saw meaningful markdowns in these areas. However, they only comprise approximately 15% of the global real estate portfolio. Corporate private equity and credit returns were essentially in line with the S&P and high yield indices respectively as Steve mentioned.Corporate PE funds depreciated 21.6% in the quarter, while the credit composite declined 13.6% gross. Impact of COVID on companies and their outlook has been broad based across the overall economy as well as our portfolios, but energy was by far the largest attractor in both of these strategies as the unprecedented confluence of supply and demand shocks has created historic dislocation in the energy markets.Corporate private equity, energy accounted for about half of the negative return. Excluding these holdings, the corporate PE funds declined 11%. Similarly, in credit, energy accounted for roughly half of the decline in the carrying value of the drawdown strategies. In terms of remaining exposure, energy NAV represent 7% of the firms portfolio, of which the majority is confined to dedicated energy funds.Firms exposure to upstream, specifically, most pressured area of the energy markets now around 1.5%. BAAM, the BPS composite declined 8.6% gross in the quarter compared to the S&P down 20%, roughly half the decline stemmed from exposures to managers, structured credit and mortgages. One of the most dislocated areas of public markets in March. Against this backdrop, BAAM still achieved positive net flows of $365 million in the quarter.Overall, the first quarter marks had the effect of significantly reducing the net accrued performance revenue receivable on the balance sheet. But as Steve said, we cant underscore enough that the decline reflects unrealized marks taken at a point in time of severe dislocation. SEED, at their lows in late March, the S&P was down over 30% for the quarter. High-yield debt and leverage loan indices down 20%. High-yield spreads gapped out 1,000 basis points, representing one of the most violent and swift declines in public markets on record.Our first quarter results were based on Marks taken in the immediate wake of this. Although, markets remain volatile, theyve rebounded meaningfully off their lows. Indeed, in the first three weeks of April, our public stocks in corporate private equity have increased 20%.More context, it is informative to examine our experience during and subsequent to the financial crisis. Our flagship funds at the time, BCP V, BREP V and BREP VI representing $38 billion of total capital saw values declined to a range of 0.5 to 0.9 times invested capital, far more severe than the situation today where all of our flagship BCP and BREP funds still reflect the meaningful gains.Long-term fund structures enabled the firm to focus on executing our operating plans, invest additional capital when needed and wait for the world to heal. Within several quarters, all three funds had moved back into a gain position, eventually achieving multiples of 1.9 to 2.5 times invested capital in line with or better than the firms historical average. While, past is, of course not necessarily prologue, our experience following that crisis was a strong recovery and unrealized values over time.Turning to the outlook. While the overall effect of the current environment will be the slow realizations, very importantly, our momentum in FRE remains strongly positive. In terms of key drivers, all four of the flagship funds are now raised and activated producing a 50% year-over-year increase in fee earning AUM for private equity, and 38% increase for real estate.The final fund to launch BCP VIII was activated at the end of February and is now in its four months fee holiday with full onset of fee in the third quarter. In terms of FRE, we previously discussed a path of $2 per share, including achieving greater than $1.70 in 2020. Despite the significant dislocation in markets, we remain confident in achieving these targets.I will close my remarks today with a comment on the firms financial condition and our position of strength. Our capital light model results in a highly liquid balance sheet for the firm with over $4 billion of cash and corporate treasury assets, a very long live capital structure. The average debt maturities over 14 years, no maturities before 2023 and an average after tax cost of under 3% on fixed rate debt. We have minimal net debt overall representing less than 1% of the firms enterprise value.Our version of a fortress balance sheet protects the firm in difficult environments like the one were experiencing, the staying power that Jon described and provides ample support for the firms offensive firepower. Coupled with the upward trajectory of FRE, we are well positioned to continue returning significant capital to shareholders.With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] But we do straight away have a question from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Thank you, Michael, youre live.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thank you. Good morning guys. As we look across the landscape today, we have a lot of States that are having some large budget shortfalls, some headlines around potential state bankruptcies or even at municipalities, federal governance, taking on some very large deficits. I guess, just given that environment, how concerned are you with that? What sort of implications could stem from that? And how do you see this all impacting or having impact on inflation and tax rates as you look forward over the next couple of years and broadly the investing landscape?
Jon Gray: Hi, Mike. I guess, Id say couple of things. We believe our investors will honor their commitments. The pension funds have large pools of capital. They not only have alternatives, they also have big liquid pools of assets. We saw in the last crisis, when equity markets went down 56%, our investors all met their commitments. So that is not something were focused on. In terms of the fiscal strains, its a state and municipal levels that doesnt exist. And I do think its one of the things weve been talking about that tax rates could very well go up in response given the large cost here. And thats something you have to think about in terms of geographic impact. And then on the inflation front, I think thats the unknown, I mean, we have a globally produced  printed a lot of money, created a ton of fiscal stimulus.Right now in the near term, were in a highly deflationary environment, because theres very little demand for any product and other than necessities. But the question is really when you look out over time, will that change as a result of this big stimulus. I think thats hard to say, because there are demographic forces, theres an awful lot of debt out there. And so Im not sure, I necessarily subscribe to the idea that were going to have super high levels of inflation. But I think in the near term, I think whats likely is, interest rates and inflation will stay low. And one investment implication of that is more stabilized assets could see a stronger bid, just like bonds at very low rates, assets that are perceived as safe could see actual multiple expansion. So there is a range of factors and I still think we have to digest some of them.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks. And do I get a follow-up or should I get back in queue.
Weston Tucker: Hey, Mike, were going to try to limit it to one question first time around and if you have a follow-up, please come back into the queue, just given the number of analysts dialed in.
Michael Cyprys: Yes.
Weston Tucker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. You now have Craig Siegenthaler from Crdit Suisse. Thank you, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Weston Tucker: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: I wanted your perspective on how the fundraising function has been impacted by restrictions on travel and also what have you been experiencing from the denominator effect as some clients and not all of them, but maybe some of them have become over allocated to alternatives with the public equity market correction in March?
Jon Gray: So Craig, Id start by saying that first quarter was pretty remarkable in the sense that we raised $27 billion and $12 billion of that was raised in March during this sharp decline, which sort of reflected, as we said in the comments, the strength of the relationship we have with our customers. Probably the best example was our core private equity business. We were raising our second fund, and we raised all $5 billion in the last two weeks of March.So even given the logistical challenges, we were able to get that done. That being said, not being able to travel, some funds do have an impact here of a denominator. In fact, Ive been talking to all of our big LPs, and so they do have to pause. Some retail investors, weve seen a slowdown in that channel. And so I think, overall, we expect a slowing of the level of activity. That being said, a number of our customers are sort of still open for business, and thats the reason why I still think well have a healthy year for fundraising, but not the pace we were expecting, certainly six weeks ago.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question now from Chris Harris, Wells Fargo. Thank you, Chris.
Chris Harris: Thank you. For your investments that are more exposed to the effects of this downturn, how are you working to bridge the current environment? And which revenue is really impaired to some period in the future when revenues come back? And then related to that question, how are you preparing for the prospect of the shutdown lasting longer than perhaps just a few months?
Jon Gray: So thats a great question. As you can imagine, were spending enormous amounts of time with all our teams, looking at the most impacted businesses and figuring out two fundamental questions: one, really, your second question, which is what does the liquidity profile look like under sort of a base case and a longer shutdown case, and do we have enough capital to get to the other side. And then when do you get back to sort of more normalized 2019 levels of, call it, revenue and EBITDA.And I would say, were cautious in our underwriting. Were assuming that 2020 for most of the impacted businesses is going to be a very tough year that they will reopen in the second half of the year, but revenue levels are going to be down pretty significantly. And then well start to have recovery as we move into 2021, 2022 and 2023. And each business is a little different depending on the geography. If you think about businesses where people have to get on planes and fly a long distance for a big conference, that type of business may be more impacted than, lets say, a drive to water park business that we own.And so there is one-size-fits-all. But this is critical in thinking about capital, and particularly, as we think about, in some cases, putting in additional capital to support a business, we only want to do that if we think its a very prudent approach and that the capital structure can make it through this difficult patch.
Michael Chae: Jon, let me just chime in to add on to that for Chris. Chris, and talking about the bridge of the future, and making sure its a sturdy and as long lived as possible. Just a couple of sort of stats about our position. Our portfolio companies, private equity, real estate throughout the firm, weve obviously spent a number of years, taking advantage of the capital markets to make sure we had the most flexible capital structures and longest lives capital structure as possible.So for example, from a maturity standpoint, a near-term maturity standpoint, across all of our private equity and real estate holdings, but in aggregate, they have  in 2020, about 1% of their overall debt structures maturing and only about 2.5% in 2021. So about 3.5%, a very small percentage of their overall sort of debt capital structures are coming due in the next couple of years.Second, and Jon alluded to this, from a fund reserve standpoint, we are very well positioned. And so out of that $152 billion of dry powder, about $30 billion of that or so is really dedicated to support funds that are fully invested out of their investment periods, and we have those reserves ready to support companies on defense and then also go on offense where there will be opportunities which we expect.
Chris Harris: Great.
Operator: Should we move on or is Chris
Weston Tucker: No, please  please, move on, Deborah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. And we now have Bill Katz from Citigroup. Thank you, Bill.
Ben Herbert: Hey, good morning. Its Ben Herbert on for Bill. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow-up on the FRE margin discussion. I heard the comment that you expect it to remain stable in this environment. But thinking about kind of the progression with the $1.70 and $2 guidance and then kind of offsetting impacts of slower fundraising, but fewer realizations maybe just kind of help us bridge, I guess, kind of that margin progression in 2020 into 2021?
Michael Chae: Sure, Ben, its Michael. Look, I just  and you guys have seen this movie before with us. Tailwind  structural tailwinds in our FRE growth, which we obviously talked about pretty precisely over time, leads to compelling growth in that FRE, which leads to robustness of margins. So with 20% fee-earning AUM growth in this quarter, 25% FRE growth and that healthy outlook for the year that I underlined, aligned with that will be, again, stable margins and a very good position on that front.
Ben Herbert: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. So now were moving to Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Thank you, Alexander.
Alexander Blostein: Great. Good morning. Thanks, everybody. I wanted to follow up on the discussion around just the valuation of the portfolio companies. Understanding, obviously, that a lot of that goes into it, so its kind of hard to generalize. But looking across private equity and real estate, could you guys talk a little bit about whats DCF and more model-based versus kind of comps and the sort of public marks? And more importantly, whats sort of embedded in terms of macro outlook in your current marks? And any sort of stress scenario analysis you guys could share with us would be super helpful in terms of if the recession were to last longer or if it was deeper? Where the marks could go relative to whats baked in today? I know its hard to kind of dissect to be super specific, but hoping to get through some sensitivities. Thanks.
Michael Chae: Sure. Just to sort of frame it, and you guys are, I think, pretty familiar with our process and methodology, which is long standing. We generally use DCF valuations across our private holdings and private equity and real estate across the firm. Its a model-based, bottoms-up investment by investment with the short and medium and long-run view, which we revisit every quarter on a bottoms-up basis. We use that process to drive at fair value for privately held companies and in accordance with GAAP. We also engaged third-party firms in the valuation process.And then alternatively, our public positions, of course, get marked according to the screen, so to speak. That process was consistent this quarter, absolutely consistent with our past approach. Again, bottoms-up investment by investment approach, obviously, in a very sort of dynamic environment. I think its important and fair to note that sort of historically, the outcome of our process has generally been that our private valuations have typically been carried. It implied multiples below public comps, that sort of amount of difference, sort of have some flex to it depending on the environment, but that remains the case today. And the proof of the pudding of that has been that weve seen play out over time.Again, when we have ultimately realized assets historically, weve sold them for a meaningful premium above their prior quarter mark. So thats a kind of framing of how its worked in the past and how its working currently. Obviously, we had to apply that same very micro bottoms-up granular approach in the context of this dynamic environment with sort of taking into account whats the outlook. We went, obviously, sector by sector, different  it differs for different sectors. And as Jon said, just to close out the answer, in his remarks, about how were thinking about underwriting deals, with an appropriately cautious view of the timing and shape of recovery. We certainly applied that to our valuation process.
Operator: Okay. Moving to the next one. This is Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. Thank you, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. Okay. Lets go with commercial real estate specifically. I heard your comments loud and clear about logistics and the last mile of e-commerce and apartments and the good stuff across real estate. Im a believer. Can we talk about  were going to be in a world that has high unemployment, low GDP or negative GDP for a while, disrupted economies. And then, of course, certain sectors will have bankrupt companies and empty space and the work-from-home things. So Im curious, what goes into your mindset about how that part of the real estate world changes? And how your portfolio deals with that? It goes into just how you expect real estate to evolve over the next bunch of years? Thanks.
Jon Gray: Yes. Glenn, I think its a good question. We talked about the best sectors and the most challenged sectors, lets say, being retail and hotel. And your question is this, we go into this recession, what happens to real estate. And I guess a couple of things: one positive happens is that I think well see a large decrease in new supply, which helps. Thats what always happens in a recession. The other thing is, you can look at the path. So more traditional asset classes, apartments, warehouses in the last downturn, saw high single digit, mid to high single-digit declines in sort of same-store cash flows. Its very possible. This is deeper. So you could see a little more than that. Although, I think its too soon to say and e-commerce creates a different dynamic in industrial.In the office markets, your income tends to be steady because of the length of your contract, although the market will weaken as companies pull back. There is a question youve raised around, will people still  will they work more remotely? Thats a question. There will also be questions going the other way about will firms have the same density? Or will they spread out a little bit? I still believe in the fullness of time. I mean, working at home, weve made it work, but we think its better. Were much more efficient when were together.So I guess I would start to think about this once we get through this very challenging part where so many people are on the sidelines when we move more into a, lets call it, a more traditional recession and slowdown in those areas of real estate, you will see some impact certainly in terms of occupancy levels and rents, but you will also see the benefit of no new construction, and as I mentioned earlier, very low interest rates, which will likely, I think, put downward pressure on cap rates for stable assets.So as an overall portfolio, when we look at what we own in real estate, we feel pretty good about it, and were in some particularly strong sectors like India office or life science office that are very large holdings of ours. But yes, there is going to be some headwinds in some of these sectors, and that will play through, and it takes a bit of time for that to happen.
Glenn Schorr: Post last cycle, you were a huge beneficiary of  I wont call it for sellers, but you needed some big assets to move because of companies that were long, a lot of real estate that needed to monetize, youre the natural buyer. Have you seen that yet? Or is that too early, but do you anticipate it?
Jon Gray: Yes, its too early. What weve done in real estate so far has basically been on the screen. We talked about it. We bought debt at a discount. We bought some public equities. Thats really the initial phase. Then the next thing youll see is some rescue capital needs, and well start to address some of that. And then after sort of the weight of this comes through the system, in some cases, therell be special servicers you take over assets.People will run through their reserves, then youll begin to see assets trade. We saw that happen really, it took a year after the 2001 downturn. It took a year basically after 2008. That first year after the shock, is generally pretty slow in terms of deployment. It can change. And then things start to pick up, and to our overall comment, the fact that we have so much capital, not only in real estate but across the firm, that is a great competitive advantage. We dont need financing to get things done. And so I think were very well positioned just as we were in the previous two downturns to deploy capital at scale.
Glenn Schorr: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next one now, Michael Carrier from Bank of America. Thank you, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Good morning. And thanks for all the color today and taking the question. You guys had at the deployment quarter, in an end position in terms of dry powder. Just where do you expect to see more opportunities play out? How are the financing markets? I think you had a CLO kind of process during the challenging markets. So just how that process played out as well? Thanks.
Jon Gray: So Mike, I would say, the near-term opportunities we talked about were initially on the screen. I think the sectors where youll be able to deploy capital and scale early on here will be the most impacted sectors. So areas like lodging, location-based entertainment, things, obviously, broadly in the travel business. There will be opportunities. Youve seen some of those deals recently in terms of rescue financings. We would expect to deploy significant amounts of capital in some of those areas. There are other businesses that are just generally more leveraged. And when a storm comes in and the business suffers, they dont have as much margin for error. And so I think well see some of those businesses.In the structured credit space, I think some interesting things will come out of the residential mortgage area because were seeing more forced selling in that part of the market than anywhere else. And just generally, sort of broad-based economic activity has gone down. And again, that will lead to invariably some selling or corporates looking to sell non-core divisions. So the biggest challenge we faced before this downturn was what were we going to do with this capital. And it was the thing we struggled with, in putting out capital, we lost a lot of auctions. Now I do think therell be a pretty broad range of places to deploy that capital. The challenge is, its to be disciplined, particularly if this recovery is going to take a bit of time.
Michael Carrier: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. So Patrick Davitt now from Autonomous Research. Thank you, Patrick.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning, guys. So theres been some  a lot of anecdotal reporting about PE firms kind of segmenting their portfolios into buckets like green light, yellow light, red light, or in other words, companies that are fine, companies that are okay, but might see a little weakness and then companies that are clearly not fine. Have you gone through a similar exercise? And could you help maybe frame the exposure across PE and real estate in each of those buckets or similar buckets? However youve thought about it?
Jon Gray: Yes. I mean weve looked at it. We didnt use the same color coding in every group, but we do have a range of companies. I mean we have businesses like SERVPRO in private equity that is helping clean and disinfect properties all across America. Weve got an online ad business thats doing quite well. I mentioned MagicLabs. We have some things in the food business that are doing quite well. So weve got those sort of things. And then of course, we own other businesses, as weve talked about, hotels or theme parks, the things like that, that have been shut down. I dont know if weve categorized  we certainly havent done it firm-wide on the percentages. Weve identified how much we have in the most impacted sectors like energy, which Michael laid out on the call.And overall, I would say, we feel pretty good about our portfolio. We certainly  between the reserves we have and the quality of the businesses we own, assuming the economy starts to reopen here over the next few months, we think we will be fine. And the orientation in our private equity business, in particular, more towards faster-growing businesses, particularly what we own at BCP VII, I think thats going to proven to be  will prove to be a very good decision. And that fund, I think, will weather the storm, in particular, quite well.
Patrick Davitt: Great.
Operator: Hey Patrick, thank you. Thank you, Patrick.So nowJeremy Campbell from Barclays. Thank you, Jeremy.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey thanks. Maybe  part of segments, I think you guys mentioned deploying $3 billion in the quarter, and you have about $28 billion in dry powder. Can you just remind us how much of that credit dry powder starts earning management fees on capital deployed and not based on commitments? And then maybe how would you characterize the credit deployment opportunities in this environment in both the public and private markets?
Michael Chae: Sure, Jeremy. Ill take the first one, which is  in GSO, most of the business is based on invested capital. So a subset of that, our committed capital to draw down funds, but the management fees are charged as the money is drawn and invested. And then for the liquid credit segment, very large segment, that has a variety of vehicles. But in general, there is recurring management fees on pools of capital that can be invested and reinvested and so are a fairly stable pool of assets. Jon, I dont know if you want to talk about the opportunities.
Jon Gray: Yes. On the investing side, its definitely a better investment environment than it was before both the leveraged loan market and high-yield markets sold off. Theyve recovered a fair amount, but there is still plenty of names that are trading at big discounts. So for our distressed arm, that creates opportunities.And then in all of our origination vehicles that we have in Europe, in direct lending, in mezzanine lending, even in energy, given the challenges companies face, particularly midsized companies who dont have access to the public markets, banks being more constrained in this environment that creates an opportunity. And spreads have widened considerably for a 55%, call it, direct loan for a midsized company. I would say, spreads are probably out 200 to 300 basis points. So the unleveraged rates of return have definitely gone up, and this should be a favorable environment for our credit business.
Jeremy Campbell: Great, thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you very much. So this is Gerald OHara from Jefferies. Thank you, Gerald.
Gerald OHara: Okay, thanks. Perhaps, this is, I guess, perhaps, a tough one, but maybe you can help us think a little bit about the performance fee timeline. And I guess maybe if we could start with kind of reminding us how  what fund structures have 4Q anniversaries, but also how we might be mindful of or how we should think about what could potentially come through during this time of uncertainty. But I guess this is also maybe a longer winded way of kind of asking how you think the recovery might shape out and when we can start thinking about really kicking  performance fees kind of kicking back in?
Jon Gray: Yes. Its a good question. Whats interesting is, markets sometimes move much faster, as you know, than underlying economy. So its possible that markets with all this stimulus, once they start to see a steady recovery, could recover faster. So its hard to look forward. What we can say is, right now, in this kind of environment, its not a great time to sell assets. As we just talked about debt funding is hard to come by, there is a lot of uncertainty. So at this point, given our structures, we tend to hold assets. And as a result, you will certainly see limited realizations in the near-term.When that turns, which gets to your question, is, I think, when market confidence comes back, when people begin to see light at the end of the tunnel, when markets recover, when you start to see a pickup in M&A volume. Thats when youll start to see a pickup for us in realizations. And at this point, because there is so much uncertainty around whats going to happen in the reopening of the economy and the shape of the economic recovery, that certainly feels early to call that exactly. But when it does happen, things can turn, and then we can start to sell things again. But right now, I think in the near-term, as weve said, realization should be fairly limited.
Gerald OHara: Understood. And just a quick reminder on what some of the fund structures that sort of have 4Q anniversaries or crystallization?
Jon Gray: Michael, you should talk about that because there is a different story.
Michael Chae: Yes. Gerald, its really two main strategies. One is our BAAM fund-to-fund BPS business, which, as you know, typically has year-end incentive fees. Annual incentive fee is taken at year-end. And then BREIT, part of our core+ platform, also has an annual fourth quarter incentive fee.
Steve Schwarzman: Michael, I have an answer to another question. This is Steve. This is the one question asked to Jon about marketing funds and does it really make a difference if you cant go to places. And Id like to just suggest that something quite interesting is going on. We had one fund that was supposed to be having a big due diligence meeting with, I think it was over 130 or 150 different attendees, and it was just done on Zoom. And much like the rest of the way, were all working, everybody was pretty adjusted and cool about that. And so were seeing that throughout our businesses.And one of the advantages being in business for like 35 years is that everybody on our side of the table knows everybody well. On the other side of the table, its virtually every institution in the world. We talk to them with great frequency, and were not always seeing them. Now with this whole distanced communication, its quite easy to get somebody on the phone anywhere in the world and talk to them and see them. That bond of trust that you have that gets developed over decades really becomes exceptionally useful in a situation like this.If you were in the position of raising a first time fund as a relatively new firm, I think this would be really almost impossible. But for firms like ourselves, with those natural built-in advantages and relationship, life goes on to the extent that there is capital available. I just got an e-mail. I guess it was two days ago that we just got $500 million from an individual account for one of our funds, which to me, at least, is a reaffirmation that the life goes on. There are different strengths from limited partners in different parts of the world.In some parts of the world, it used to be very important to have a physical presence. But after youve done that for a long time, its actually easy to get on a video with them and talk to them and obtain commitments. So I realize this is a bit of a non-sequitur with the flow of the call, but I wanted to go back and make sure there was not the impression that because you cant go someplace, as Blackstone, youre sort of off the screen and really disadvantaged. I dont believe thats the case.
Gerald OHara: Great, thanks.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Jerry, for the question. We can take the next question, Deborah.
Operator: Thank you. This is Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Thank you, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Hi, great, thank you. Most questions have been asked here. I just had one on the potential for acquisition opportunities at the firm level. Weve obviously seen an abrupt drop in asset prices. I think thats impacting virtually all types of asset managers here. And so just thinking that maybe this is a catalyst for firms that had a strategy, were trying to scale as a stand-alone, just saying, maybe now its time to throw in the towel or partner with a bigger, more experienced firm. And so Im just curious if youre seeing anything at this point and whether you would expect that there might be some opportunities that actually come out of this for Blackstone at the firm level.
Jon Gray: Thats a good question. I would say, the answer is, yes. As you know, were very selective on acquisitions, it has to be strategic for us. It has to hit a very high bar. But we set up the firm, as Michael described, really with this fortress balance sheet so we could do things at a time like this. So the fact that we have virtually no net debt, and we have $4 billion of cash and a big revolver puts us in an enviable spot when it comes to corporate acquisitions. We are looking at some things out there. You never know if youll make them, but the environment has shaking things up. So its a possibility, and its definitely something were looking at.
Devin Ryan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. So now Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer & Company. Thank you, Chris.
Chris Kotowski: Good morning. Thank you. I guess I wanted to ask you about the availability of debt financing for your portfolio companies. It seems to me that there are two odd ball factors this time around. One is the kind of one of the classic opportunities as distressed financing and having companies go bankrupt and being able to buy companies in distress or repurchase your own portfolio companies debt at distressed levels. But now you have plans from the Fed to buy high-yield ETFs and that would seem to kind of distort that whole process.And then on the other hand, it seems like a lot of the stimulus legislation seems to be cracked to try to exclude private equity-backed companies from receiving some of that favorable financing and aid, whereas non-private equity-backed companies have it available to them. So talk a little bit about how does this kind of regulatory and legislative environment impact your ability to finance your companies?
Jon Gray: Yes. So Ill start with the programs. At Blackstone, as you know, there are two main programs out there, which  there is this PPP program through the SBA, and then this Main Street program, which is for midsized companies. At this point, none of the companies that we control have applied for funds under either of these programs. And its unlikely that I think well do that. So that really is not really a factor in our thinking. In terms of access to capital and the more traditional debt market, the Feds move helped to reopen the high-yield market and the leveraged loan market. And you saw public companies access it. Weve had a couple of our portfolio companies, a number of them do bonds and leverage loans offerings and we think thats a healthy sign.Obviously, the costs are higher, the advance rates are lower. But having that capital out there, I think its healthy for the system. So the market is functioning, but its more expensive and you need to be the right type of company to do it. And as youve seen, in some cases, even some large companies, because of either their leverage or the business theyre in, have had to access private market capital. So I would say its still a challenged environment, but it is not completely shut down. And absent the Feds activities, I think it might have looked a lot worse.
Chris Kotowski: Okay.
Michael Chae: Yes, Id just add on that. Youve obviously seen sort of the fund flows for worse, for the better in the past few weeks and spreads coming in significantly. And Id say, theres  Jon is getting at the sort of two bifurcations here. One is between the haves and have-nots in terms of their positioning and qualities and scale and vulnerability to COVID and then also existing issuers versus new issuers. And so the haves who are existing issuers who can  who are investment-grade or fallen angels or high-quality, high-yield issuers, I think in the last few weeks, have had ready access to the markets. It will still take some time, I think, for sort of the new issue, which is really for new LBOs, new deals. Thats the relevant market. It will still take some time for that to really firm.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. Thats it for me. Thank you.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. You now have Christopher Shutler from William Blair. Thank you, Christopher.
Christopher Shutler: Hey guys, good morning. In terms of what could get us out of this crisis, as you mentioned, vaccine development, mass testing are probably the two big areas. I certainly realize this is a financial services call, not a healthcare call, but what is your base case on each of those? And any kind of anecdotal evidence youre hearing that is particularly encouraging or worrisome, particularly as it relates to testing?
Jon Gray: Well, I think on the vaccine front, as you know, Im not the expert on this. It just takes time to make sure a vaccine works and then obviously, make sure its safe because youre going to give it to tens and hundreds of millions of people. So were hopeful that, thats out there, but it will probably take some time. In terms of mass testing, everybody has been pushing in this direction. Corporate leaders, everybody recognizes that if we could get more testing, it would be easier to send people back to the office to go back out. I think its just a production question, and I dont have the exact insights on how long it will be. Steve, this might be one you could comment on because you spent some time looking at it.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. I think because there is no short-term solution to this virus and most people believe that vaccines will be available somewhere around a year to year and a half, sort of  and its a bit of a guess because you need a breakthrough from someone and then they have to be tested. But just say more or less sort of summer of next year as a reasonable case, and so in that  once you get a vaccine that can get produced at mass then more or less, the situation is sort of reached a huge point of inflection and people can get their vaccine, their shot, and then theyre not scared to be interfacing with everybody else and life can normalize very, very quickly.So in the interim, the best way to make people comfortable is to have testing sufficient so that you know that the person to your left and your right is okay, and youre not going to get sick. And the only way to do that, more or less, other than distancing yourself from them, which is a little unpredictable, is to test people sufficiently that they know that theyre okay. And without going into all the medical types of stuff of how long the incubation periods are because just testing sick people is one way to go, but there are many people who are asymptomatic who can infect you anyhow, and they will test positive if you test them.So when you talk about mass testing, youre moving into the zone where youre testing lots and lots of people so that you get that sense because its true that everyone around you is really in the clear and the people who test positive are asked to go home and isolate themselves. Its a pretty simple concept. And the only question is, how do you stand that up and whos in charge of that. How much money does it take, which is a very large amount of money. And then to do that with large amounts of money, the $25 billion would not do that throughout a country the scale of the United States. That you get your workforce so much more productive, it would actually, I think, pay off. And so what youre seeing now is sort of  I think its fair to say, sort of a scramble. With many different types of tests from antibody test to the regular COVID, are you positive or not, where you have the swab.Youll have some where people have to draw blood, and then there is a new technology based on just spitting into some kind of tube, a little like 23andMe. And all of these are rushing ahead in every week, every month. There are going to be a lot of developments with more supply. And so as we watch on television, each new thing happen and people sort of frustrated that they cant get enough tests. Over time, therell be more and more, and the question is how much as a society do we really want to invest to ramp this up extremely high. So thats a bit of a wandering answer, but not really. And that gives you some idea of the more tests we can do, I believe the happier workers will be, the more self confident the society will be, and the faster the economic recovery will be.
Christopher Shutler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Thank you, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Hey, thanks for taking the follow-up question. Just maybe on some of the dislocations that weve seen in the oil market dislocations come as a big surprise for many, particularly to the extent there. Just curious your views on where we could see other dislocations or risks emerge in the coming months? And is it negative rates in your view? Is it the depression? What are you tracking in this regard? And what are some of the biggest risks out there in your view?
Jon Gray: Well, I think the biggest risks are probably what could be the knock-on effects of significant unemployment and more defaults. I think that creates issues in terms of repayment, it can have issues in the banking system. It can have some issues in structured credit products. Those things that are sort of the next level when people are unemployed and companies get into trouble. And so I would say, though, Mike, that if  once the economy reopens and were sort of moving back towards business, I think the systemic risk goes down a lot. And so I think its just more of the normal risk that happened in a recession as you get businesses struggling and the large-scale job losses. And so it puts pressure on the financial system. And again, for us, that invariably leads to assets that need to be sold, assets that need to be recapitalized and that creates a place to deploy a lot of capital.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And well just turn that now to Weston for some final comments. Thank you, Weston.
Weston Tucker: Perfect. Thank you, everyone for joining us this morning, and look forward to following up back to the call.
Operator: Okay. Weston, everyone, all the speakers, thank you. That concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank You for joining, and you all take care.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full year 2019 Investor Call. My name is Leslie and I'm your event manager. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to advise all parties that the conference is being recorded for replay purposes.And now I would like to hand you over to Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks Leslie and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's fourth quarter conference call. Joining today's call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions.Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements.For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholders page of our website.Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent.So, a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $978 million for the quarter. Distributable earnings were $914 million or $0.72 per common share and we declared a dividend of $0.61 to be paid to holders of record as of February 10th.So, with that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported an excellent set of results for the fourth quarter, capping a landmark year for the firm. Our investors entrusted us with a remarkable $134 billion of capital during the year, that's $134 billion of new money during the year. And we deployed $63 billion around the world on their behalf, both record amounts.We grew our AUM by 21% to a new industry record of $571 billion. In terms of earnings, which Michael will discuss in more detail, we reported 27% growth in both distributable earnings and fee-related earnings for the quarter.Very significantly for shareholders, in 2019, we successfully converted the firm from a partnership to a corporation, making it vastly easier to own our stock. We've been pleased with the market response so far. I should say very pleased with the market response so far and the positive migration in our shareholder base that's underway.By removing the restraints of our former structure and the PTP discount, BX stock is starting to reflect the powerful trajectory of our firm. Meanwhile, the firm continues to evolve and advance as one of the great public companies of the world.With a market cap of $75 billion, Blackstone is now the 86th largest U.S. public company and ranks in the top quartile on key metrics such as long-term revenue and earnings growth, profitability, and dividend yield. We continued to expand our global platform into new areas. And since our IPO in 2007, AUM has grown by six and a half times.We've also become significantly more diverse. We've extended the dominant franchises we've built in the highest returning areas of alternatives such as opportunistic real estate and corporate private equity further along the risk return spectrum into areas such as more stabilized core plus real estate, infrastructure, and various credit strategies. And we've launched several new business lines including most recently life sciences and growth equity.These extensions allow us to offer a much broader menu of products to our limited partners and significantly increase the universe of potential investments we can make. By having a laddered set of funds in each area with different return characteristics, Blackstone can become a single stop for limited partners looking to invest more in alternatives.We also serve as a single integrated capital provider for companies and individuals seeking solutions. We can provide control, minority, or preferred equity; growth capital, mezzanine or senior loans, and basically, any other form of capital across sectors and geographies.We can segment large investments across multiple vehicles as we did with the GLP logistics portfolio discussed last quarter which had an opportunistic element as well as a more stabilized core plus element.Blackstone's scale and diversity allow us to do what others cannot and speak for the entirety of large investments. A reputation for fair dealing means potential portfolio companies and partners prefer to do business with us and they get more tangible benefits than just capital including access to our world-class operational capabilities, our knowledge base and our global network. And as Blackstone continues to grow, we benefit from making more introductions from one area of the firm to another, and we further increase our shared intellectual capital that moves around the firm.All of this adds to our moat and our competitive differentiation. Blackstone is today, more than ever, the partner of choice and reference institution in the fast-growing alternatives industry and there is a long runway for growth ahead.One final note for me. As you've likely seen, Dave Calhoun, a former member of the firm's Management Committee has recently accepted the position as CEO of Boeing. Dave was originally the CEO of one of our portfolio companies before joining Blackstone as head of our portfolio operations group. He was instrumental in building this team into the world-class organization it is today. His capabilities are mission-critical in driving change and creating value in our investments.His appointment to such a key role at Boeing speaks to the unique strength of Blackstone's people and culture. And while we will greatly miss Dave, having him at the home of Boeing, is both tremendously important to them and for our country. I have great confidence he will be successful. We wish Dave the very best and thank him for his significant contributions to our firm.And with that, I'll turn things over to Jon Gray.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everybody. We have consistently outlined a simple vision for Blackstone over the last couple of years, characterized by several key principles. If we continue to deliver strong investment performance, we will attract more capital both in existing and new areas.Secondly, a shift towards more perpetual capital will grow and improve the quality of our earnings. Third, we will emphasize deployment in faster-growing parts of the global economy where we see more opportunity for capital appreciation.Fourth, we will continue to expand our sources of capital to the retail and insurance channels. Fifth, we will maintain a capital-light business relying on our people, track record and brand to grow. And sixth, we will simplify our story for shareholders making the stock easier to understand and own.As we move into the New Year, I wanted to update you on how we're tracking against these priorities. First, starting with investment performance and fundraising. Our performance remains highly differentiated as it has for 30-plus years with 15% net returns from inception in opportunistic real estate and corporate private equity, 14% in secondaries, and 11% in tactical opportunities and credit.These returns have generated a deep reservoir of investor trust and powered the Blackstone innovation machine, allowing us to meaningfully exceed our fundraising objectives. For three years in a row, we've achieved over $100 billion of inflows. And while the fundraising for our largest flagship funds is behind us, we should be approaching $100 billion again this year. Investors want access to Blackstone products more than ever.Secondly, we're seeing faster growth in perpetual capital, which is transforming our asset base and earnings into something much steadier than what we generated historically. In the past our business primarily consisted of episodic drawdown funds and our capital deployment equated to planting the seeds of annuals.That continues to be a terrific business, but as our perpetual AUM grows we are increasingly planning perennials which have a recurring and compounding contribution to the firm's financials. In total, perpetual AUM increased 43% year-over-year to $104 billion.These vehicles are generally characterized by lower return targets as well as management fees and performance revenues calculated on NAV and no mandatory return of capital. This has helped drive our fee-related earnings to record levels for both the quarter and the year.To give you a sense of the power of the Blackstone brand coupled with the shift to perpetual capital, look no further than BREIT. This vehicle which just had its third birthday saw $2.8 billion of inflows in the fourth quarter with AUM nearly tripling year-over-year to $13 billion.Demand continues to accelerate as we add new distribution partners resulting in an additional $1.4 billion of inflows on January 1. We're deploying the capital well into unique investments including most recently sale leasebacks on the MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas.When you take our leading real estate franchise and offer an institutional quality product to retail investors, the results are powerful.Including BREIT, our real estate core+ business has grown to $46 billion, up 31% year-over-year. Other perpetual vehicles include our $14 billion infrastructure fund and our credit BDC. When we sold our interest in our prior $20 billion BDC platform in 2018, we told you that, we would quickly rebuild one of the leading direct lending businesses in the world with full ownership of the economics. Including separate accounts our U.S. direct lending platform in total has grown to over $12 billion of AUM, a testament to the strength of our credit team and our brand.Third in terms of our shift towards faster-growing parts of the economy, you can see it in multiple places. A little over a year ago, we acquired a small but highly talented life sciences team with tremendous domain expertise and plugged them into the Blackstone platform and fundraising engine. We raised $3.2 billion in the first close for our new fund in December, and fully expect to hit the $4.5 billion hard cap, representing a fivefold increase compared to the prior fund. And we are incredibly proud of the lifesaving advances Blackstone Life Sciences is accelerating, most recently in the bladder cancer area.In addition to life sciences, we just started raising our first dedicated fund in growth equity. And in Asia, we'll be in the market this year with our second regional private equity fund, which along with our Asia opportunistic and core+ real estate funds will further augment our capital in this fast growing region.We also continue to invest in rapidly growing businesses. In the fourth quarter, we announced a $3 billion acquisition of MagicLab the parent of Bumble an emerging leader in the online dating market. Other promising investment themes include companies focused on cloud migration, content creation and last mile logistics. In total across the firm, we deployed over $17 billion in the quarter and a record $63 billion for the full year setting the foundation for future realizations.Fourth, we've talked about increasing our presence in the underserved retail and insurance markets. In 2019, we raised a record $26 billion from retail investors most of which came from customized products and we hope to exceed that amount this year. In insurance, we now manage over $60 billion of AUM with significant runway ahead. A few weeks ago, we announced hiring Gilles Dellaert to lead this initiative. Gilles is a deep industry and investment expert with lots of experience and is a perfect choice to drive this business forward.Fifth, even as the firm continues to grow rapidly, we've told you we do not need to utilize capital to produce that growth. In fact, over the past two years while AUM has grown approximately $140 billion to $571 billion, our balance sheet investments declined to just $1.9 billion. We have no net debt and basically no need for capital. As a result, we've been able to return 100% of earnings to shareholders over the past two years. We continue to pay out enormous dividends and our repurchase program has resulted in a share count that is lower today than two years ago.Sixth, we told you we wanted to make our stock easier to understand and own. We simplified our reporting to focus on distributable earnings, which reflect the cash earnings of the company. We implemented a share buyback program with the commitment to keeping the share count flat. And of course, we converted the firm to a corporation. These changes have been met with a positive response by the market. We're gratified that shareholders are starting to recognize the power of this franchise.In closing, Blackstone is in terrific shape by any measure and we are holding firm to the path we outlined. Our clients are quite pleased with our performance and are entrusting us with more of their capital. Our people are energized and proud to work at the firm and the opportunities for continued growth even in a challenging investment environment are significant.With that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning everyone. Our fourth quarter results represent a very strong conclusion to an outstanding year. Total AUM rose 21% year-over-year or approximately $100 billion to new record levels, the result of $134 billion of gross inflows and $33 billion of market appreciation despite $40 billion of realizations.Inflows continue to be broad-based across the firm, including $57 billion in private equity and $34 billion in real estate both record years for those segments, along with $31 billion in credit and $12 billion in BAAM.As Jon alluded to, despite the successful completion of our flagship so-called super cycle, we expect another very strong year of inflows in 2020. Indeed two-thirds of 2019's inflows or $86 billion were from products outside of the four flagship funds the majority of which were from strategies that continuously raise capital. I'll discuss the fundraising pipeline in a moment.Fee-earning AUM grew 19% to $408 billion of which nearly 1/4 is now perpetual. Fee-related earnings continued on the strong positive trajectory outlined previously, up 23% to a record $1.8 billion for the full year or $1.49 per share. Despite the firm's numerous growth initiatives FRE margin expanded over 200 basis points to 48.4% in 2019 the highest level ever.Distributable earnings for the year rose 7% to $2.9 billion. For the fourth quarter DE rose 27% to $914 million or $0.72 per share underpinned by 27% growth in FRE and a 33% increase in net realizations.In terms of key drivers, the fourth quarter included the benefit of performance revenues crystallizing for both BREIT and BAAM. As a result in real estate, fee-related performance revenues more than tripled year-over-year to $150 million. And in BAAM performance revenues increased fivefold to $109 million, while DE more than doubled to $185 million the result of a healthy 8.2% gross composite return for the year across a growing AUM base.Fourth quarter also marked the best quarter for realizations in 2 years and included the final exit of our position in Invitation Homes and the sale of our Swedish residential platform Hembla among other sales. These deals exemplify the firm's high conviction approach. In this case, the significant need for investment capital in high-quality residential housing stock.In total realizations in our opportunistic breadth and corporate PE funds were completed at an aggregate multiple of 2.2 times invested capital consistent with the strong long-term historical performance of these platforms.Turning to investment performance, in real estate the BREP funds had another excellent quarter appreciating 4.7%. In private equity the Tac Opps and secondaries funds reported similarly strong results appreciating 7.7% and 5.4% respectively.The corporate PE funds appreciated 1.5% with stable underlying performance partly offset by declines in 2 public positions. Excluding these, corporate PE appreciation was 4.7%. In credit, the performing credit cluster rose a healthy 3.8% gross while the distressed cluster declined 0.8% in a continued challenged distressed market.And lastly in BAAM, the composite gross return was 2.2% for the quarter. Overall fund appreciation drove the net performance revenue receivable up 22% year-over-year to $4.3 billion, highest level in nearly five years despite strong realizations. At the same time performance revenue eligible AUM in the ground rose 18% year-over-year to a record $249 billion, while our dry powder balance increased to a record $151 billion. This sustained momentum in terms of both fundraising and deployment puts the firm in an excellent position to continue building long-term value for shareholders.Moving to the outlook, first in terms of fundraising. The pipeline for 2020 remains extensive as I mentioned. We are in the market with and expect to complete fundraising this year for Life Sciences, the fourth real estate debt fund, the second GP stakes fund, the second European direct lending fund and the third infrastructure secondaries fund.We've launched fundraising for our second core private equity vehicle and expect a significant first close in the next few months. We've also started raising our new growth equity and impact funds and later this year, we'll start raising our second PE Asia and fourth credit mezzanine funds.In addition to the significant number of drawdown funds, we expect continued strong growth in real estate core+ including BREIT along with ongoing inflows in U.S. direct lending long-only credit and insurance among other areas. In total 2020 should be another robust year.Moving to the FRE outlook and our previously outlined roadmap, in terms of key drivers three of the four flagship funds are now raised and activated. We expect to activate the fourth global private equity in the coming quarters following the execution of one or two more deals in the predecessor fund BCP VII. BCP VIII is then subject to a 4-month fee holiday.We previously discussed a path to $2 per share of FRE including achieving greater than $1.70 in 2020. While we will not be giving specific guidance, our confidence in exceeding these original targets is very high. In thinking about the shape of 2020 overall I'd share the following thoughts. We entered the year with a promising pipeline for 2020 realizations which we expect to build and materialize as we move through the course of the year.In addition, given the meaningful growth and scale and financial contribution of the firm's perpetual vehicles which generally earn performance revenues at year end there is a seasonal benefit that was evident in our 2019 results. And we expect the seasonality to continue going forward. As such we believe more than ever, it is most informative to look at the firm's earnings over a full calendar year.In closing, at our Investor Day in September of 2018 we shared a roadmap with respect to the near and longer-term financial outlook for the firm. We described then a path for record fundraising and we subsequently delivered nearly $200 billion of total inflows. We outlined a powerful step-up in FRE and annual FRE has already increased 30% in the six quarters since that time and continues on a sharp upward trajectory.And we made the case that our stock was substantially undervalued ahead of the re-rating which is now underway. We entered 2020 in a position of tremendous strength and remain fully committed to continue to deliver for our investors.With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you everyone. Your question-and-answer session will now begin. [Operator Instructions] Okay. So your first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr. He is from Evercore. Please go ahead. Glenn, you are live in the call.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you. I appreciate it. I guess just looking for an update on two of the business platforms, different questions, but just an update on insurance. You've made some key hires there. There is talk of a lot of risk transfer deals going on in the marketplace. So an update there. And then in the secondary business where your performance is awesome, there's been a ton of money being raised in the market including now Goldman Sachs in the market. Like just your thoughts for the secondaries business going forward? And do you see that same supply of money coming in? Thanks.
Jon Gray: Thanks, Glenn. I'll start with the secondary business. Yes, there has been big fundraising in that space including our fundraising. But I think you have to put it in context. Overall, alternatives are now I think a $6 trillion business. And last year about $100 billion transacted, so less than 2% of the market. So it's a market where as investors keep allocating and by the way as you know alternatives are growing 8% to 10% a year, there's still not enough liquidity. So if you're a fund manager and you want to sell interest in a certain sector or older vintage funds, it's hard to do. And so what we're seeing is a market response where new capital is coming in.I think the good news is that the discounts that exist in terms of buying these interests have persisted. And so we still see it as a very favorable place to deploy capital. And in fact, SP has already committed 50% of its latest private equity fund. So even though the business is growing, we still think there's a lot of room here. In terms of insurance, this is a market that has obviously a lot of capital that is under pressure as a result of extremely low global interest rates. There's a need to move out of investment-grade corporate and sovereign debt and to look at things like direct private credit, structured credit and alternatives. We think we're pretty uniquely positioned to do that. We announced as I mentioned the hiring of Gilles and we're looking at a number of situations. So I think this could be a little bit lumpier. But we're spending a lot of time. Tony in particular has been spending a lot of time on this and we're hopeful over time we're going to announce some meaningful things here.
Tony James: I might just jump in. Considering we're still putting the building blocks in place, we think getting -- having 60 -- over $60 billion of AUM is a pretty good start. From here, the growth will be a lot like infrastructure or private equity in the sense that we'll have spurts of growth as we close funds and we close on deals. But we remain as enthusiastic as ever I think.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead Michael, you're live in the call.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you. Good morning.
Jon Gray: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Cyprys: Hey. So just curious thinking about a little bit bigger picture about the industry some might describe the last decade the 2010s as the golden age for private markets just given the supportive market backdrop and significant growth in the asset class. But I guess as we're sitting here today, the industry has $2 trillion in dry powder, you have purchased multiples leveraged, multiple levels that are elevated, debt terms that are looser with covenants. So I'm just curious how you would characterize the last decade for private markets? And looking forward, how do you describe what the 2020s what the 2020s will be like as a decade for the private markets? And how different might this be?
Jon Gray: Well Mike, I think we're in the early stages of the maturity of the alternative space. I think big picture as you know in asset management, we're seeing on the liquid side a lot of movement into ETFs and passives because they've outperformed over time active managers. And on the other end of the barbell big movement into alternatives, again because the performance has been really strong, which is the Blackstone story. That is what underpins our success. If -- the question is are we sort of at the end of the runway, just to put numbers on this, I talked about $6 trillion in alternatives. I think the investable universe if you look at institutional, retail and insurance is something like I don't know $170 trillion.So although it's grown a lot as a percentage of assets out there, it's pretty small. And if we are in an environment where interest rates will persist at a low level I think investors will increasingly be looking for trading some liquidity for higher returns, which is what underpins so much of what we do. So we think this is as I said still in the early stages of a maturity that this -- these businesses can continue to grow. And I think what's also important to point out is people still think of this narrowly as private equity or real estate private equity very high-returning strategies, which obviously we continue to be market leaders in.But what it's really about also is the spreading out here of all these different activities we're engaged in, many of which are longer duration and have lower return targets, and it's obviously easier to deploy capital if you're buying more stable assets that you'll hold for a long period of time without those same high targets.So think about that in our credit BDC, or in infrastructure, or in core+ real estate. And we still think we're in early days there. So we have a fair degree of optimism. It doesn't mean there won't be economic cycles along the way, doesn't mean markets won't go down. Of course that will happen. But if you look out 10 years from now, we envision the alternative space being much larger than what you see today.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Youre live in the call, Craig. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Michael Chae: Good morning.
Jon Gray: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: As we look towards the next annual Russell 1000 out in June I was just hoping that you could provide us an update on your thoughts behind making small changes to your corporate governance, which could include moving a small amount in voter rights in the float which would help BX qualify for the index? I know tracking for this index isn't huge from ETFs in the mix funds, it's around to 4%, but the shadow tracking from active managers that are benchmarked to the Russell is much higher.
Jon Gray: So on structure, our structure and long-term approach has really worked for us. It's worked for our limited partners. It's worked for our employees. It's worked for our shareholders. We like what it does in terms of the way we look at the world, how we deploy capital. And so the short answer is we don't have any plans to change our structure.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo. Youre live in the call, Chris. Please go ahead.
Chris Harris: Great. Thanks guys. A question on direct lending. A lot of BDCs, if you look at the public markets have not worked out very well. I think quite a few of them are trading below NAV and experiencing credit losses. Any thoughts on why the industry is having so many challenges in what's a pretty benign credit environment? And how Blackstone as you build this business out can really buck this trend?
Jon Gray: Well, what I would point to is we have a mortgage REIT Blackstone Mortgage Trust that has performed extraordinarily well now for quite some time. I want to say something like 15% compounded returns close to that maybe it's 13% now for six or seven years. And there we've been incredibly disciplined in being a first mortgage lender and being really thoughtful around credit.As we build this direct lending platform, we're very focused on making this a senior-oriented lending platform. If you look at a lot of the challenges that are out there a lot of it's focused on people stretching for yield, doing things that take on undue credit risk. And we think by staying very focused sort of in our lane, very disciplined in how we finance the business much like Blackstone Mortgage Trust we can deliver for our direct lending customers and for investors.
Michael Chae: And I would just add on to that. In addition to our superior risk management in this area, our origination capabilities creating deals our relationships with issuers, sponsors, corporates in this space we think is second to none. And that's both in the U.S. and Europe. We have very large-scale direct lending businesses as you know in both regions.
Jon Gray: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. So your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Youre live in the call, Alex. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thanks. Good morning guys. So I was hoping to dig a little bit more into the perpetual capital and the performance fees that it generates for you guys and understanding the seasonality in the fourth quarter. But it's obviously been important and will continue to be an important growth driver. So maybe spend a couple of minutes there.And what I'm trying to get to I guess is maybe help us frame, how much of the AUM within the perpetual capital segment kind of locked in 2019? What that could look like into 2020? Because I think there's like a three-year kind of seasoning effect to it? So just kind of help us frame the asset base and how meaningful that could be for you guys going forward?
Jon Gray: I'll just -- one comment I'd make is, there's a range of sort of realizations that occur. So BREIT is an annual realization. Actually our credit BDC, I think is quarterly. Some -- the core+ BPP vehicles are every three years infrastructure is every three years. We have a couple of co-investments that are five years. So there's a range. And BREIT is the fastest-growing piece of this. But I don't know Michael you want to add?
Michael Chae: No. I think that's a great setup, because it is a mix of those strategies across BREIT BPP or BDC business BXMT infrastructure with different characteristics. But what's happening here, and you really saw it reveal itself in this quarter and this year the fourth quarter and 2019 is in particular the BREIT driver of our business tripling our fee-related performance revenues in the real estate segment year-over-year. And that sort of trajectory is going to continue between the fundraising the deployment and the performance.And again it is scheduled, it's recurring. We know it will happen on a date certain at the end of every year. And so that alongside the other products which will in the case of BPP and in infrastructure layer in fees according to those, sort of, multi-year anniversaries and then the BDC business, which as Jon said has that quarterly cadence to it and is also in ramp mode over time. All those things together are very powerful. And as I pointed out in my remarks perpetual capital is now on basically one-fourth of our fee earning AUM. So -- and growing rapidly as Jon said. So those things together are a very important narrative.
Jon Gray: And I would just add one additional point which is in BPP it's every three years from when the investor comes in. So it's not the same 3-year period. So as BPP grows, you'll --every quarter there should be different investors different times of the year as they come along. So there's a maturity that's going on here. That business continues to grow. We announced a large deal in the last week in Japan, which will be another I think important piece as we grow our core plus real estate business in Asia as well. And so having more and more of these vehicles that are open on a quarterly basis to raise capital deploy capital and then take incentive fees based on NAV as opposed to sales that really is what we're talking about in terms of perennials.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. So your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi. You are live in the call, Bill. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the questions this morning. Maybe a two-part question if I can slip it in. Just maybe both for Mike perhaps. First question is just thank you for sort of firming the sort of the pathway on FRE. Just sort of wondering if you could update us on your thinking around the related margins to that?And then a bigger picture question for either one of you guys. Just given the significant multiple expansion that Blackstone has enjoyed over the last year post the C-Corp conversion your thoughts on capital return in any way?
Jon Gray: You go first one. I'll do the second.
Michael Chae: I'll take the more narrow one. Hey, Bill on margins you heard us say that over long periods of time we sort of average 100 basis points, 200 basis points a year but not always every year. And we continue to see that sort of structural aspect of our business. Obviously in a year like 2019 and a year like 2020 where we're in a more rapid acceleration mode on FRE growth the operating leverage benefit among other things is even more powerful. So we're not going to make a call around margins this year but we feel good about certainly staying on that sort of trajectory.
Jon Gray: So as it relates to capital return we like our model. As I said on the call we're paying out 100% of our earnings today it's roughly 85% in the context -- in dividends and 15% in share buybacks. We think giving this capital back to shareholders is the right thing to do. And we like the mix at this point Bill of how we're doing it.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. And your next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies. You are live in the call, Gerry. Please go ahead.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Maybe just a little bit on the $100 billion of fundraising that you kind of pointed to for this upcoming year. Clearly one of the flagship funds is in the mix there but perhaps you could, sort of, point to the components of where you see some of the outsized fundraising coming from a product or a strategy standpoint as we look forward the next 12 months? Thank you.
Jon Gray: So I would say it's a mix. We talked about what -- oh, yes. I would say it's a mix in our core plus real estate area which includes obviously as we've mentioned BREIT BPP. It's continued growth in direct lending. We talked about raising our next vintage of both corporate and real estate mez those are both should be sizable funds. It's some of these new initiatives like growth equity impact Michael touched on all of these things. But it's just the breadth and depth of the platform continues to expand. And that's why as opposed to in the past where you could point to one or two things very large flagships today there are just multiple areas we're raising capital for many of which are now open full year round.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Gerry.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. So your next question comes from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. You are live in the call, Ken. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. You've given us a bunch of outlook. It was very helpful. And I was hoping you could complete the picture with maybe some colors on the realization outlook for this year for private equity and real estate. So if market conditions remained similar to where they are today maybe how does the seasoning of investments what does that suggest for this year for your pipeline versus maybe what you've experienced in 2019?
Michael Chae: Yes, Ken I'd, sort of, refer back to my comments in my remarks that as always it's early in the year by definition. We don't give much by way of granular sort of guidance certainly. But we entered the year with, as I said, a promising pipeline across both those businesses.And particularly, some pretty chunky projects we're working on. And we'll see how they play out in the course of the year. So our teams are working hard on all those fronts. And we do have assets in companies in position in conducive markets for potential events.And then, obviously, in terms of the big picture, you're asking about 2020, but longer term, as we talked about the sort of the net accrued performance revenue receivable position highest in over four years, where we are on invested performance eligible AUM in the ground, $250 billion, all those are basically mathematical indicators of the kind of the long-term trajectory for monetization potential.
Ken Worthington: Okay. Thanks. Worth a try. I appreciate it.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier from Bank of America. You're live in the call, Mike. Please go ahead.
Mike Carrier: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. You've had great success in the retail channel. I think, you said $26 billion in 2019. Can you just give us an update on that opportunity, maybe, in terms of platforms in the U.S. and even outside the U.S. that you have relationships with, maybe, the types of products that are gaining traction in addition to BREIT? And then, any new initiatives in the pipeline?
Joan Solotar: Sure. So, as we've mentioned in the past, there are three ways that we're building that out. One is to deepen and broaden the relationships in the channels that we're in and that's a very real opportunity. Second is, grow the distributors and that's both domestically and also regionally. And third is new product. And I would say, all of those are happening in earnest.The penetration remains incredibly low. And just as Jon alluded to on the institutional side, if you think about individuals in a low interest rate environment where stock markets are pretty high, there's a real desire to reallocate to alternatives. So I would say, the current product set, as we talked about the perpetuals that are out there, those continue to gain traction.With advisers we're already working with, as well as new advisers, there's been a lot of growth on that internationally, very attractive. And then, without going into detail, there is, what we believe, will be a category killing product that we plan to launch by the end of this year. And that will be a global launch. And then, we have a few other things that are in the lab as well. So I still think it's quite early days.
Jon Gray: So, I would just add to Joan's comments by saying, the retail channel is where you really see the power of our brand, that our ability to sell these products across, not just the United States, but the world, is very, very powerful. And so, as we create things that work for these markets and we spend a lot of time trying to develop them, we think, we have a receptive audience.And we're going to be disciplined. Joan is talking about something that's a potential. These things always take time to get done. But when we deliver something, as we've done in BREIT, and we think we can do it with other products, we think the market is very large for the kind of things we do.
Mike Carrier: Right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. You're live in the call, Devin. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Thanks. Good morning. And it's JMP Securities. I appreciate the question and most of have been asked and answered. But just a question on the infrastructure opportunity, $8 billion of inflows last year $2.5 billion deployed, almost $14 billion committed. It feels like its maybe a little bit quieter there, given all the other irons in the fire, but I'm just curious if we can get an update on the trajectory of the strategy and just kind of momentum and the opportunities there?
Jon Gray: Sure. As I said earlier, this is a space we have a lot of enthusiasm for. We've deployed about 20% at this point of the fund. It's a little bit lumpier, just because of the nature of the assets you're buying, more concentrated. We feel good about the pace. I would tell you, our pipeline actually looks robust today. And I wouldn't be surprised in the first half of the year, if we announced a number of transactions.It's, obviously, competitive in a low interest rate environment. Lots of institutions are looking at infrastructure, but we think our ability to source big opportunities to deal with public market situations, as we did with Tallgrass, our ability to intervene in assets. And I think that's really important for us as a firm, to really add value that will enable us to deploy the capital. And this is a business, I would expect, overtime, that would be much, much larger than $14 billion.
Devin Ryan: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. You're live in the call, Brian. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just switching gears a little bit to deployment. Jon, maybe, if you want to just characterize, I mean, a couple of thoughts there. Obviously, the dry powder continues to build up, up over a-third year-on-year. Deployment level is definitely healthy. But maybe if you can just talk about what the plan  the longer-term plan is for deployment given your very robust fundraising?Are you concerned that you're going to have too much dry powder hanging around? And as you look at the valuations, where do you find challenges and where you find more opportunities that you think can keep those deployment levels healthy and returning  high returning over the long term?
Jon Gray: That is obviously a very timely question. I was at a pension fund yesterday. I was asked about this and I talked about it being a challenging time. I would just reiterate a few of the things I said earlier. First is because of the expansion of the platform, we just have many more places to deploy capital. And not all of them are super high-return strategies. So the ability to do infrastructure and direct lending and core plus real estate deals and do them around the world is very helpful.I talked about the sale leasebacks in Las Vegas. Those are very innovative transactions done by the real estate team that we would not have done previously without these vehicles.We talked about a bladder cancer drug that is very promising that our life sciences team deployed $400 million into. Again, the expansion of the platform there allows you to invest in a sector that has I think pretty favorable dynamics given limited competition.I'd also say that for us scale is still our calling card. Steve talked about GLP, which was a $20 billion transaction. We did the Merlin transaction in the theme park area a $9 billion transaction again in a newer vehicle core private equity. So big deals. There's still not as much competition.Our ability to intervene, I would point out that we bought Hilton in 2007, obviously not ideal timing. And yet because we brought in a terrific management team, worked closely with them, the company succeeded and thrived. We ended up making $14 billion for our investors. And so there are opportunities even in a challenging market and I would not compare this to the excesses of 2006, 2007.And then specifically what I'd say is there are places in the world where we think value looks better. I've talked in the past about the U.K. Brexit does make it grow more slowly but the market has traded off considerably in dollar terms. We're still big fans of India, which is a market that has a bit of financial turmoil but has really great long-term fundamentals, particularly in the IT space and we've done a lot in real estate and private equity.Secondaries I mentioned, an area we think there's a need for more capital. The leverage loan market which gets a lot of bad press, I think the fact that spreads there are wider than high yield, even though these loans are senior in the capital structure doesn't make a lot of sense to us, particularly given the low default rates and very strong coverage ratios.And then as I mentioned, a lot of focus on some of these thematic areas like last mile logistics, cloud migration or live entertainment, a bunch of things, aging populations, global travel trying to get behind those because in a world of high valuations and low growth being a high conviction investor really makes a difference. So I can see, it's a tough time to deploy capital. On the other hand, our platform are set up and the themes we believe in are still giving us the opportunity to put out money.
Brian Bedell: Its great perspective. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your final question comes from Chris Shutler from William Blair. You're live into the call. Chris, please go ahead.
Chris Shutler: Hi, guys. Thanks. Big picture question. Just given the firm's tremendous growth in recent years, I'm wondering if you can talk about the process for approving transactions. And how that's evolved just given the significant jump in deployment?I guess ultimately, I'm trying to understand how from a management standpoint you're monitoring quality versus a few years ago just given the increase in the throughput? Thanks.
Jon Gray: I love that question. That is what our business is all about. Fundraising is obviously important. But it's all about investment performance. And we talk about it. We had our partners meeting this week. We talked about it at length. We talk about it all the time which is maintaining our discipline.The most important thing is that we run a centralized investment process. What we've done is made Mondays a lot busier at Blackstone, in terms of the number of global investment committees.We do not -- we have folks on the ground doing different activities all around the world. But we still allocate capital centrally. And so it means the, number of memos, some of us are reading on a weekend are quite substantial.But we think that is very important. And we can never let go of that. And so, we are spending more time. We're also populating more of our people from different areas across the investment committees. We're trying to make sure we have as much connective tissue as possible.And so, it doesn't matter if its life sciences or growth equity, whatever new part of the firm we create it all gets back sort of connected back into the mother ship. And then, we have the same process of Heads Up Committee memos, pre-IC Committee memos, Review Committee, Investment Committee memos all going through multiple layers in each group, so that we try to reduce the number of defects.It doesn't mean they'll never be mistakes. But it greatly reduces the number. It's the reason why the firm has been so successful for so long. It's something that Steve has preached since the beginning. And we're sticking with this formula.So as we grow, we will continue to have a very, very disciplined and focused investment committee process. And the final thing I'd say is the one thing today that worries us the most. And obviously there are political issues, interest rates, all sorts of things. The big thing is the disruption that's happening in almost every industry.How it's impacting these businesses as technology changes. And that I can tell you it doesn't matter if it's an infrastructure deal or a credit deal, real estate private equity doesn't matter. That is the number one focus when we look at the risk and the downside of new investments.
Chris Shutler: Okay, thanks, Jon.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And I'd like to hand you back to Weston Tucker for final remarks. Thank you, sir.
Weston Tucker: Great, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. And look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining. And enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2019 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.And now I'd like to hand the call over to Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Julie, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's third quarter conference call. Joining today's call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions.Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements.For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholders page of our website. Also note, that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. Audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent.So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $1.2 billion for the quarter. Distributable earnings were $710 million or $0.58 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.49 to be paid to holders of record as of November 4.With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone's powerful momentum continued in the third quarter. As the clear leader in the rapidly growing alternative sector, we achieved industry record AUM of $554 billion, up 21% year-over-year, as well as record fundraising and deployment for the first nine months of the year. And our fee-related earnings rose to a record for both the quarter and year-to-date period, which Michael will discuss later.We are the partner of choice for limited partner investors around the world and have earned their trust by delivering extraordinary investment performance over decades with very minimal loss of capital. We are incredibly proud of what we do with Blackstone and the vital role we play in the society.For example, the very strong returns we generate, particularly in the current low interest rate environment, enable teachers, police officers, firemen and other public and corporate sector employees to retire with sufficient savings and secure pensions.Our funds protect and grow school endowments in support of their students' educations and we help many other institutional and individual investors realize their financial goals. We achieved these results for our LPs by improving the company's and assets in our portfolio and making them better places to work.We invest capital and apply our operating expertise to create healthier companies that grow faster, which in turn are in a better position to hire and invest in their businesses. The results of our ownership are clear, both in terms of investment performance, we've generated for LPs, as well as the impact we've had in our companies and the communities in which we operate.Our private equity portfolio companies added over 100,000 net jobs during our ownership in the past 15 years, underlying their good performance. In fact, of over 700 control investments we've made during this period across the firm, there has been only one bankruptcy filing, a rate of one-tenth of 1%, and no liquidations. That's a pretty remarkable record.Our largest investment ever Hilton Worldwide, which we owned for 11 years and just exited last year with a $14 billion profit, was very positively transformed during our ownership. To give you a sense of our commitment to our companies and their people, Hilton was recently named by Fortune Magazine as the number one company in America to work for, as well as the best workplace for women.We also actively use the scale and reach of our portfolio to support initiatives of national and global importance. We made a commitment to the Obama Administration in 2013 to hire veterans. And since then we've hired 75,000 veterans and veterans spouses across our companies, with the goal of reaching 100,000 in the next few years.We are driving best practices in terms of sustainability and ESG throughout our portfolio and our Charitable Foundation has committed over $100 million globally, primarily in support of entrepreneurship development for nearly 250,000 college students.Our firm is truly an engine of economic growth globally, and a force for positive change. We have an extraordinary story to tell at Blackstone, and I feel privileged personally to be associated with our outstanding people and the work we do. Our people operate with the highest standards of ethics and social responsibility, and everyone is instilled with our core values, meritocracy, entrepreneurialism, excellence, integrity and teamwork.Even as we've grown, we've worked hard to keep the firm integrated and maintain our strong culture. This includes our Monday investment committee processes, in which our various offices are video conference together for collaborative discussions and everyone can learn how we analyze investments and evaluate risk.We also move our people around the world to work and train new hires in those geographies. We've successfully built a great and unique culture over the past 30-plus years, and we are committed preserving it for the next 30.I recently wrote a book. Hopefully, you bought it. If you haven't, there's still time. It's called, Whatever It Takes: Lessons in the Pursuit of Excellence, which details how we've developed Blackstone's distinctive culture. You can get it on Amazon.Our shareholders are increasingly recognizing Blackstone as the enduring institution it is. While we were focused on building a world-class company, we also did a great job creating a security, was simply too hard to own. We finally fixed that with our corporate conversion in July and we've been pleased with the positive market response, with the stock up significantly since our announcement.With the market cap nearly $60 billion, Blackstone is now the 105th largest U.S. public company. [Indiscernible] only managers have initiated positions in our stock and Blackstone was also added to several market indices, allowing index funds to owners for the first time. With the restraints of our former structure now removed, we believe the stock will continue to re-rate higher over time, reflect the trajectory of our business.And with that, thank you for joining our call and I'll turn things over to Jon.
Jonathan Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Blackstone continues to deliver. At our Investor Day last fall, we outlined several targets for the firm and I am pleased to say that we are meeting and in many cases, outpacing those objectives. We've raised more capital including faster growth in our perpetual vehicles, successfully launched multiple new business lines in the areas we outlined and advanced against our financial targets.We describe the line of sight on a $150 billion of capital inflows for the second half of 2018 and full-year 2019. We now expect that number to be approximately $190 billion. Our four largest flagship funds totaling $67 billion have essentially been raised with demand beyond the caps we placed on them.Importantly, the majority of our inflows over this period came from other strategies around the firm, including a growing mix of perpetual capital vehicles, which typically raise capital on a continuous basis. This highlights a powerful trend in our business that the firm has diversified far beyond the more episodic nature of our traditional drawdown funds.We now manage $97 billion of this perpetual capital, up from $64 billion at the time of our Investor Day. Our real estate core plus platform has grown to $42 billion, up 25% over the past year, across four perpetual capital vehicles including BREIT, our non-traded REIT.Inflows at BREIT reached $2.4 billion in the quarter and AUM now exceeds $10 billion, up 2.5 fold in one-year. Demand is growing as we add new distribution channels and partners. This reflects a potent combination of retail investors' desire to access private real estate, the strength of the Blackstone brand in our differentiated investment approach.We believe BREIT has the potential to become one of the largest economic contributors to Blackstone as a firm. We are also adding other products to what is already the deepest and most diverse menu available to retail investors from any alternatives firm.We remain on track to achieve a record $25 billion of inflows from retail this year. Other emerging areas of the firm are ramping nicely as well. Our secondaries business is up a remarkable 60% year-over-year to $34 billion of AUM on the back of strong performance, 14% net returns annually since inception.We continue to expand from private equity secondaries into complementary adjacencies such as infrastructure secondaries and now our new Impact business. There is a structural shortage of capital in secondaries creating enormous opportunities for deployment. In fact, our new flagship fund launched earlier this year is already over 40% committed.We've also talked about pushing into faster growth areas like life sciences, growth equity in Asia. I'm pleased to say we've now launched fundraisers for dedicated vehicles in both life sciences and growth equity, and we expect to be back in the market next year with our successor Private Equity Asia fund. Overall, the fundraising pipeline remains very active.Turning to investing. The scale of our capital puts us in a differentiated position as we deploy globally. In real estate with our new European fund largely complete along with our global and Asia funds, we have nearly $40 billion of opportunistic investment capital, by far the largest in the world.In private equity, we have over $30 billion with our new global fund, Asia, and our energy business. Unlike in public markets, scale in private investing is a key advantage. Our size and reach allow us to better navigate a challenging investment environment. We deployed $16 billion in the quarter and a record $62 billion over the last 12 months with an additional $13 billion committed to pending deals.Our real estate business was particularly active in the quarter, and our new global fund is nearly 20% committed only four months after launching. Global logistics remain a key theme with the GLP and Colony transactions.We also agreed to privatize a Canadian public company that owns German office buildings, kicking off the investment period for our new European Real Estate Fund. And just last week for BREIT, we announced the sale leaseback on the iconic Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas, another great example of how scale and conviction set us apart. All of this deployment is planting the seeds for future performance revenues and with nearly a $150 billion of dry powder, we have significant firepower to find and create value for our limited partners.In closing, the firm is in terrific shape. Investor affinity for the Blackstone brand is stronger than ever. For our shareholders, the conversion has made our stock much easier to own. We remain committed to zero share count dilution, and with no net debt and virtually no need for capital, we can continue to payout essentially all of our earnings through dividends and share repurchases. We believe this represents a highly attractive value proposition.And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon and good morning, everyone. Total AUM rose 21%, or nearly $100 billion year-over-year to new record levels, as Steve mentioned. Fee earning AUM grew 15% to $394 billion. Along with the sustained pace of rapid growth, the quality of the firm's AUM remains exceptional. The vast majority is locked up under long-term contracts, including the growing base perpetual capital that Jon discussed.With recurring management fees that unlike traditional asset managers are not subject to daily movements in liquid markets. The average remaining contractual life of are locked up capital exceeds 12 years which is key to our ability to identify and create value around the world on a long-term basis.Fee related earnings increased 27% to a record $440 million, reflecting strong double-digit growth in every segment. For the last 12 months, FRE totaled $1.7 billion, or $1.39 per share, up 21%, trending well above our long-term trajectory of mid-teens growth in this ultra-high quality earnings stream.As the firm expands into new business lines, we remain highly focused on profitable growth. Indeed, despite launching numerous strategies recently, third quarter FRE margin expanded year-over-year to 48.2% and we expect the full-year 2019 margin to be in this area. I'll discuss the FRE outlook in more detail in a moment.Distributable earnings were $710 million in the quarter, or $0.58 per share, underpinned by the strong growth in FRE. Realizations were nearly $10 billion in active pace, reflecting a diverse number of public and private sales across the firm. Realizations in our opportunistic real estate and private equity businesses were completed at an aggregate multiple of 2.1x invested capital, consistent with the strong long-term historical performance of these platforms.Turning to investment performance. In real estate, the BREP opportunistic funds had another excellent quarter, appreciating 3.8% with strong performance in the private holdings combined with significant gains in the public holdings. In private equity, the corporate PE funds appreciated 2.6%, with healthy overall performance in the private portfolio partly offset by slight declines in the publics.In our secondaries area, the SP funds had a standout quarter with appreciation of 9.6%. This is reflective of the positive underlying fundamentals that Jon described, as well as the market rebound that occurred in this year's first quarter given the two-quarter lag in the reporting timeline of SPs underlying investments.In credit, against a more muted backdrop, the performing credit funds reported a gross return of approximately 1% in the third quarter. The distressed credit cluster declined 3.9% largely due to decreases into certain upstream energy positions. It is worth noting, our long-term performance in energy credit has led to the ability to raise one of the largest dedicated capital pools for this strategy at $4.5 billion, putting us in a very favorable position to pursue opportunities in the years ahead and in an environment where capital is scarce.For the firm in total, positive fund depreciation in the quarter drove $377 million of net accrued performance revenues and pushed the balance sheet receivable up to $4.2 billion, the highest level in over four years, and up 18% year-to-date. Fund depreciation, along with our sustained record investment pace, resulted in performance revenue AUM in the ground of $236 billion, up 13% year-over-year and boding well for future realizations.Moving to the FRE outlook. We continue confidently on the path toward our previously outlined targets of greater than $1.70 per share in 2020 and $2 per share thereafter. At Investor Day, we talked about two key drivers underpinning these targets. First, our four new flagship funds, and second, continued growth in the scale and financial contribution from real estate core plus including BREIT.With respect to the flagship funds, we've raised $65 billion of the expected $67 billion or 97%, with the balance to come from a few outstanding retail closings over the coming months. We've now launched the investment periods for three of the four funds. PE secondaries and Global Real Estate are earning full fees.The third, European Real Estate was activated earlier this month and is now in its fee holiday and will earn full fees in February. We expect to light up the fourth fund, Global Private Equity, in the coming quarters dependent on the deployment pace in the predecessor Fund, BCP VII. It is then also subject to a four-month fee holiday.With respect to core plus, the platform continues on its sharp positive trajectory, as Jon described, with base management fees benefiting from both accelerating inflows, as well as appreciation in NAV. These funds also generate fee-related performance revenues that crystallize on a known timetable without asset sales.In the case of BREIT, every fourth quarter annually and for the other core plus funds, on every third anniversary of each LPs initial investment in the fund or every fifth for certain co-investments. In summary, we have excellent line of sight to delivering on our FRE targets.I'll close my remarks today with a comment on our balance sheet and financial condition. Last month, we issued $900 million of 10-year and 30-year notes with coupons of 2.5% and 3.5% respectively. We used a portion of the proceeds to retire our 2021s, resulting in a $10 million charge interest expense in the third quarter and $12 million in the fourth quarter.These actions further reduced the firm's weighted average after-tax cost of debt to below 3% and pushed out the average maturity to nearly 15 years with no maturities before 2023. With zero net debt and our ample liquidity position, our balance sheet remains a source of strength for the firm to continue to drive shareholder value.With that, we thank you for joining the call. I would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Your question-and-answer session will now begin. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler. Please go ahead. You're live into the call.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So one difference, I think, right now between Blackstone and your peers, is your fairly robust new investment pipeline, and that's even after you just closed the GLP logistics portfolio. So when you look in the future here retracting deals like Merlin, Dream Global, Great Wolf, Colony Capital logistics portfolio. So my question is, a lot of this activity looks to be more in the real estate side, but can you comment on current valuations, investment themes, and maybe how your targets are differentiated than what your competitors are looking at?
Jonathan Gray: Good question, Craig. Hello, good morning. So I would say a couple things. First, it's obviously not an easy investment environment and I think our biggest advantage in many cases is our scale. The ability to do very large transactions is helpful. And in all of those deals you listed, I think the smallest of the group was probably $3 billion. And so in an environment where it's hard to find interesting opportunities, focusing on larger ones, particularly given the scale of our funds, is very helpful.The other thing I would say is we are increasingly thematic in the way we're deploying capital. So in a world where economic growth is pretty muted and multiples are high, what you want to find is sectors you have real conviction around. And so for us, a global logistics has been a major theme. We've talked about it at length. We bought more than a billion square feet around the world over the last nine years, and we continue to like that area and you saw two big transactions.We're also a big fan around live entertainment because even though many things are moving online, people still need physical activities, things they want to do. And so you see that with Great Wolf in the water park space, you see that with Merlin is the second largest theme park operator and even the Bellagio, which we did in BREIT. So I would say it's a smaller number of big themes we're believing in, it's an emphasis on scale and as always, businesses where we think we can intervene to make a difference.And I would finally say that the expansion of sort of breadth of the platform puts us in a unique position. If you're just narrowly focused in private equity or in certain parts of the credit universe, you can't do as much. But because we have capital that sort of runs up and down the risk return spectrum, BREIT is a great example. Two years ago, we could not have done the Bellagio sale leaseback. So as the platform broadens, it gives us a broader universe to invest in. So overall headline, we're still finding interesting things, but it's not an easy environment to find them.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Thank you for your question. We do have another question and it comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Harris: Thanks, good morning. Some recent IPOs have been having some challenges here in the U.S., I think you guys know what those are. Can you talk about whether you view this as a risk to your ability to successful exit investments as we look out of the course for the next year or two?
Stephen Schwarzman: So what I'd say is it's becoming increasingly a story of sort of haves and have nots and it's not only in the equity market IPOs. We're seeing the same thing in the debt markets as well, which is investors are now taking a closer look at underlying business models, particularly in the equity markets businesses that do not have a near-term path to profitability and consume a lot of capital are facing headwinds.And if you look at other faster growing companies that are profitable, actually the market response is pretty good. We were able to get some secondaries done in the last quarter in some healthy businesses we own.So I would say the equity markets are still in pretty good shape, investors are receptive to good companies. But the idea you can sort of show up with the business and say, hey look, I'll start making money six or seven years from now that's becoming increasingly difficult.And I think for market participants, that's a healthy sign. I think the danger in markets is when you get excesses, when you get bubbles. The fact that stock market investors are saying deliver and I'll reward you, it's not going to be just a trust me environment with excesses building up. I think that's good for the market's overall.
Christopher Harris: Great. Thank you.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you for your question. We do have another question and it comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just with the low rate environment that we're in today that increasingly, it seems like it's going to be lower for longer and a lot of parts of the world with negative rates. So it would seem like it's the perfect storm for the growth in private markets.So I guess I'm just curious, where you see the biggest risk to the private market growth to the industry, as you look out over the next couple of years. Is it the opportunities on the deployment side that are maybe too few or is it more regulatory and political? Just curious how you're thinking about the risk to this sort of growth outlook in private markets?
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, Mike. I think you're right about the headline. What we're seeing globally is the low rates in U.S., Europe, Japan, frankly all over the world, the Koreans lowered their rates, a week and a half ago as well, is people are looking for higher returns. And we're seeing more capital flows into alternatives, and as the market leader in the space, we're seeing the biggest flows. So that is the positive backdrop.In terms of the challenges, yes, I think obviously deployment is a question. The good news is, it is a big investable world. We have lots of pools of capital, we have lots of geographies we can invest in, but that's always a challenge, particularly in things that are more fixed income oriented. So in infrastructure and real estate, there's probably  makes it a little bit harder to deploy capital at times, although as I said earlier, our scale has proven again and again to be a real advantage for us.And then I think, in terms of economic growth, it could be as a result of geopolitical factors, trade factors, a slowdown, obviously, makes it harder to deploy capital. Although it impacts our current values dislocation with our $150 billion of capital could reset prices so that can also be a positive for us.But when we look at the overall market, privates are still, I think a relatively low percentage, particularly in the corporate world of the investable universe. So we don't feel like we've sort of penetrated and therefore, we're limited in what we can invest in.And back to this point of raising Perpetual Capital, which in many cases, has lower return expectations, longer hold periods. Could be Core Private Equity, could be some of our direct lending platforms and credit, core-plus real estate. That makes it easier. As you persist in a lower for longer environment, if there wasn't an economic downturn, yes, it gets harder to produce the highest returning strategies.But overall today, this sort of low growth, sort of environment we've been in has been pretty good for the business and if it continues, I think will continue to be able to deploy capital and obviously continue to be able to raise a lot of capital. Go ahead.
Hamilton James: Mike, it's Tony. I might just add that. Remember, we're not buying hundreds of companies and markets indices and economies. We're buying a few idiosyncratic companies where we can intervene operationally and create our own value and that allows us to get returns even an overpriced market.So we decouple our results from the big indices in that way. That's one of the core drivers of our business. And there's always under-managed or under-capitalized companies out there or pieces of real estate where there's value to be created if you have good management. So that's a really key driver to our being able to sustain activity and earn returns even in an over-priced environment.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. We do have another question and it comes from the line of Mike Carrier, Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Carrier: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. It looks like realizations and performance fees have ticked up a bit, but still seem a bit muted for Blackstone in the overall industry despite market levels, and realized timing is tough to predict on these things, but has anything changed when you think about the typical like exit strategies?
Jonathan Gray: No, I would say nothing has changed. I think the hard part is, as you know on realizations, is they can be a little bit lumpy. I mean, we have  the good news is the net accrued carry, as Michael pointed out, is at the highest level in four years, which is a very good forward indicator, but predicting the timing is tough, because what we're focused on is maturing these investments, maximizing value for our investors and when it's the right moment, exiting. And therefore, you can have individual quarters that are very strong.So nothing has fundamentally changed in terms of our approach to how we think about realizations. We're always thinking about our investors and generating the most favorable return for them and when the timing is right, we exit. And so I think over time, we'll continue to produce nice realizations, just predicting that timing is not easy.
Michael Chae: Thanks Mike.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Jonathan Gray: Julie, if we have a few more in the queue, we can just pick up the queue or maybe we should re-prompt here for everyone to  give another chance to dial in.
Operator: Certainly, I'll do that again yet. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Right, we do have one question and it comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein: Hi, good morning, everybody. Question for you guys around the opportunity you see in the secondaries business. So it sounds like the latest fund, which I believe was around $11 billion, is almost half committed. So maybe talk a little bit about how you thinking about timing and most importantly, sizing that business for Blackstone going forward?What does pricing look like, I don't know if you guys can talk about sort of cents on the dollar in terms of commitments that you're purchasing. And most importantly, I guess, like what's changed in the marketplace today to make it a more attractive opportunity for growth for Blackstone? Thanks.
Jonathan Gray: So what we've seen in secondaries is directly related to the growth in alternatives. The market is growing at high-single digits, all of you know, and at the same time, you also have relatively limited liquidity. Historically, it's been about 2% of the market that trades hands and I think there are more participants who would like liquidity. So you have that 2% growing and then the overall market growing, and there is a relatively small number of scale players.And in the case of our SP business, they have a really unique footprint owning interest in thousands of funds, which gives them a real competitive advantage, particularly on larger scale transactions where there is a large range of funds.So this is really part of this mega trend of growth in alternatives, SP is uniquely, I think, well positioned here and as LP, say, hey, I want to sell older vintage funds, a new CIO is hired who wants to change their strategy and they say, I want to clear out these 40 fund interests with the weighted average seven-year vintage, that creates an opportunity because there is a small number of competitors. And we're seeing growing volume of sellers. So I think this business has the potential to continue to grow.As I mentioned, infrastructure is growing. We're raising our next vintage there. We're just completing raising our real estate secondaries platform. We have impact and the mainline private equity vehicle has deployed quickly and I think it could continue to scale as alternative scale.It's similar in our stakes business, which we have in BAAM where we buy stakes in alternative managers. Again, the growth in alternatives, as we see this really large shift where capital is moving increasingly to ETF managers in the liquid markets in passive strategies, it's also at the same time moving into alternative. So for our secondaries stakes are beneficiaries beyond our core business where we get direct inflows.
Michael Chae: And Alex, it's Michael. I just add, you asked about pricing and our team in SP would say basically pricing and discounts to NAV have been stable relative to history. So they've been able to deploy a lot of capital into that pricing environment and they do it, as Jon mentioned, both by having the capability to do larger deals, which are somewhat less efficient.And then also a high volume of smaller deals, which has really been their calling card for years, they can  they really have a high throughput in that respect and are very efficient transactors.
Alexander Blostein: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. We do have another question and it comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, sir.
Kaimon Chung: Hi. This is Kaimon Chung in for Glenn Schorr. You flex some negative energy marks in credit again. Though it's not outsize or inhibiting your ability to raise capital, but last quarter's negative marks is also driven by certain upstream positions and a large public holding. Can you just give a?
Michael Chae: Yes. We lost the end. I think you want sort of color on energy and our credit business. Look, overall, Energy and our Credit segment is  it's about 15% of the overall portfolio and for the firm as a whole, around the high single-digits. The majority of our overall energy portfolio is in the midstream sector, which is very healthy area of great fundamentals.The part that we talk about more that's been more challenge is upstream, but that is a relatively small percentage, low-single digit for the firm overall and for GSO sort of mid-single digit percentage of their whole portfolio.Now the distressed cluster, we talk a lot about and we highlight energy is part of that. That's because energy, sort of definitionally and structurally, is a big part of distress market. I do want to highlight, though as much as we talked about it, just for the distressed cluster within GSO is only about 10% or 11% of the overall business and so we need to sort of put that in context.We did mention that both last quarter, in this quarter, sort of all of the return to traction in those results last quarter and this quarter were from upstream and from certain discrete upstream energy investments. And overall, we think our energy business in GSO as well as in private equity is terrifically positioned.As I mentioned, we are sort of the firm and the guy with money in a market that doesn't have  that's out of it, and we see substantial opportunities ahead in an environment with great dislocation. So we're highlighting that is a driver of that performance in the distressed cluster. That's a relatively manageable-sized portion of the overall GSO business and the performance challenges have really pertained to a couple of discrete investment.I also want to mention that we are focused on monetization in the GSO upstream portfolio, two of its portfolio companies announced in the last week asset sale transactions that actually fully repay our debt in those deals. With the Q4 close, we're in advanced discussions on another deleveraging transaction in that upstream portfolio in GSO. So there is positive momentum as well within the portfolio.
Operator: Thank you for that. We do have another question from the line of Jerry O'Hara from Jefferies. Please go ahead, sir. You're live into the call.
Gerald OHara: Great, thanks. You touched on the launch of the Life Sciences Fund and Growth Equity Fund, but I guess specific to the Life Sciences. I know this is something that is discussed on the Investor Day, but perhaps, you could give a little  a little sense of how, maybe too early, but how demand is shaping up and also, anything around sizing. I know there was kind of a highlight of a large capital pool kind of necessary to address the funding gap there. But any kind of  any color you might be able to provide on that initiative would be would be helpful. Thank you.
Jonathan Gray: So I would say the market response to the team in the strategy has been quite good. We expect to have a first closing in this fourth quarter. I just think it's something that investors like because it's differentiated and not correlated with many other things in their portfolio, and we have a terrific team executing the strategy.In terms of size, I think I'll probably stay away from that, but this is a business that I think over time could grow to be very large with the opportunity to generate high multiples of invested capital, just because the life science area is such a big space and there is relatively little private capital and scale, most of it in the very early stage BC area, so we're quite excited about our life sciences business.
Gerald OHara: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Jerry. We do have another question. And it comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, sir. You're live into the call.
Jonathan Gray: Hey, Craig, youre live.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you. You guys can hear me okay. Okay, so now that you spent the last 12 months meeting with a large number of long-only investors. I just wanted to see if you have any updated thoughts on migrating to a fixed dividend that tracks FRE has roughly no downside risk, and also provides more capital flexibility?
Michael Chae: Hey, Craig, it's Michael. And we've had this conversation in the past in our  I think our perspective is consistent, which is we're happy with and committed to our current dividend policy. As Jon mentioned, our balance sheet light model and our cash flow generation allows us to dividend basically 85% of our DE and also use the balance to repurchase shares. So I think overall the market is happy with that right now and we have no plans to change at this point.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks, Craig. Julie, I think we're ready for  it looks like, one more question.
Operator: Certainly. The final question comes from the line of Jeremy Campbell from Barclays. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey, great, thanks. Just given your commentary back at your Investor Day that inflows through 2019 would be about $150 billion, like now given your commentary are running around $190 million. Just try to map that to your FRE target and think about if that  you're going to go higher than what you guys had previously put out there?
Stephen Schwarzman: Jeremy  great connecting of the dots and I think we'll just refer you back to my comments on the call, which are  we're quite confident about that target that we set out better than $1.70 and so the outperformance on inflows over that time period that Jon alluded to, $190 million versus $150 million is supportive of that confidence.
Jeremy Campbell: All right. Thanks guys.
Jonathan Gray: Great. Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Weston Tucker for any final remarks. Thank you, sir.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. And if you have any questions, please call me after the call. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: A very good day, and welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2019 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would also like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded. And now I would like to hand over to your host for today, Weston Tucker. Please go ahead, sir.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Mark. And good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's Second Quarter Conference Call. Joining today's call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website.We expect to file our 10-Q report next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements.For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholders page of our website. Also note, that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $647 million for the quarter. Distributable earnings were $709 million or $0.57 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.48 to be paid to holders of record as of July 29.With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. The past few months have been a remarkable period for Blackstone, characterized by transformation and continued momentum. First from a business perspective. We continue to extend our leading investment platforms into new areas allowing us to offer our Limited Partners a broader array of products and solve more of their issues, and second in terms of transformation of our company, it became a Corporation on July 1.This marked one of the most significant decisions in Blackstone's 34 year history, and a key milestone in the evolution and institutionalization of the firm. As the largest firm, and the only one with leading businesses across the full alternative spectrum, we've established a truly unique position in our sector, which is in fact the best part of the massive $150 trillion plus global money-management industry.Alternatives have historically generated better returns than traditional investments, net of all fees combined with high safety of principal. This is a powerful value proposition and is why our segment of the market continues to experience rapid secular growth and increasing allocations to the top managers along with more attractive economics than any other part of the industry. Blackstone's ongoing transformation and the extension of our capabilities perfectly position us to benefit from these trends.When we started the firm in 1985, and in the early years, we offered only opportunistic private equity and real estate. Over time, we've expanded into complementary new areas. In many cases, moving down the risk return spectrum and opening up a broader addressable market in terms of capital raising and investment opportunities. Today, we offer our LPs over 50 distinct strategies and the entrepreneurial drive of our people, means we're constantly developing more.Our global franchise has never been stronger, and we have the confidence of both institutional and retail investors around the world. Our LPs entrusted us with $45 billion of inflows in the quarter, that's unprecedented. $45 billion of inflows in the quarter, and an extraordinary $151 billion over the past 12 months, an unprecedented amount for our sector, driving the firm up 24% in terms of AUM year-over-year to $545 billion. Every one of our businesses is growing. We also continue to successfully launch and scale new ones, which quickly become global leaders in their own right.Our infrastructure fund has grown to $14 billion, only a 1.5 years after we began fundraising. Thanks to the support of over 80 investors, making it one of the 3 largest infrastructure funds in the world. This is a remarkable achievement and speaks to the trust that global investors have in our firm. In addition to our ongoing business evolution, we've completed our corporate conversion and the market response, as you know, has been quite positive, which Michael will discuss further.As I stated last quarter, if we continue to grow as the reference institution in our industry and meaningfully expand our potential investment base through conversion, it's reasonable to assume we should close the valuation GAAP between our firm and other top companies. While successfully measured over the long term, it appears we are in the early stages of that rerating process. We are grateful that more public investors are viewing Blackstone as the enduring institution that we are, something our LPs have recognized for decades.One of the additional benefits of conversion is that we're now eligible for several of the market indices, which we expect to be added over the coming months. We think it makes sense for Blackstone to be widely ownable by all active and index managers. With the market cap of $54 billion, we are one of the 120 largest public companies in the United States. Our firm ranks in the top quartile in all key categories, including long-term revenue and earnings growth, profit margins and dividend yields. Blackstone is truly one of the leading public companies of the world. A high growth company in a giant market and this is becoming increasingly recognized.Thank you for joining the call today, and now I'll turn things over to Jon.
Jonathan Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We can't emphasize enough the power of the Blackstone brand built by decades of strong performance. This leads to a deep reservoir of investor goodwill in the extraordinary growth that Steve described. And with the interest rates remaining low around the world, desire for our products is greater than ever. We reported capital inflows of just over $100 billion in both 2017 and 2018, and will achieve significantly more in 2019. This ultimately drives growth in earnings.Our fee-related earnings remained firmly on the path we outlined at our Investor Day while accrued performance revenue on the balance sheet is at its highest level in four years. With virtually no need to retain capital, we have the ability to make substantial payouts to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, which totaled nearly $900 million in the second quarter. We've largely completed the fundraising for our 4 flagship funds: Corporate private equity, global and European real estate and PE secondaries, which are now expected to reach $67 billion collectively. We've closed on $63 billion or 94% of these commitments, including $8.4 billion in the first close of our European real estate fund during the quarter.We had a final close as well for our secondaries fund, which reached $11 billion, and we've launched the investment periods for both secondaries and global real estate with the other 2 flagship funds to follow in the coming quarters. In addition to these strategies, we continue to expand how we serve our customers, transforming the firm as Steve put it with much greater breadth of product offerings.One of the most significant trends in our business is the growth in perpetual capital, up 43% year-over-year to $92 billion of AUM across 13 funds. Perpetual capital drives greater predictability of our earnings given the permanent nature of the assets as well as the fact that we receive performance revenues on a recurring basis without asset sales. Our real estate core+ platform is now $39 billion, up 24% year-over-year across four perpetual capital vehicles. These include our nontraded REIT, BREIT, which has grown to $8 billion in just over 2 years and raised $2 billion in the second quarter alone. BREIT is one of the firm's most exciting growth areas and illustrates the power of bringing Blackstone quality products to the retail channel.In fact, we expect 2019 to be a record year for retail fundraising at over $25 billion, 60% of which will come from bespoke products specifically designed for retail investors such as BREIT, our daily liquidity hedge fund and BAAM and our credit BDC. Other areas of the firm are seeing tremendous growth as well. Our secondaries business is up 50% year-over-year to $33 billion of AUM.In credit, we've successfully rebuilt the U.S. direct lending business that we sold last year. And it soon will exceed $12 billion of purchasing power. We also raised $4.5 billion for our new distressed energy fund in credit, one of the largest in the market for this strategy. And in our dedicated insurance solutions area, we added $5 billion of new mandates in the quarter, bringing total AUM from insurance clients to $58 billion. Of course, the firm's differentiated ability to raise capital always ties back to investment performance. Our long-term performance has been extraordinary, including 15% net returns annually in both our corporate and real estate private equity businesses for 30 years. Michael will discuss the key elements of our second quarter returns.Turning to investing. As with fundraising, our global scale puts us in a unique position to deploy. Last month, we agreed to acquire GLP's U.S. logistics portfolio for $19 billion, which represents the largest ever private real-estate transaction. We know this sector extremely well, having bought nearly 1 billion square feet of warehouses in the past decade. And with multiple pools of capital, with different mandates, in this case, our BREP opportunistic funds and BREIT, we were uniquely positioned to speak for the entire portfolio as a single cash buyer.We also agreed to privatize Merlin for GBP 6 billion, the second largest themed attractions business in the world behind Disney. We owned this company previously and very successfully in our BCP funds. We're now acquiring it in our core PE fund, targeting a longer-term hold. As with core+ and real estate, having a long-term vehicle was a critical differentiator, allowing us to team up with a high-quality strategic investor with a similar time horizon. Overall, our diversification into longer-term strategies, along with other pools of capital, gives us greater flexibility and power to invest and create value for our LPs.Despite the challenging investment environment, we deployed a record $56 billion over the past 12 months, including $18 billion in the second quarter alone and committed another $8 billion to pending deals. The firm is truly firing on all cylinders with terrific forward momentum.For shareholders, we've been striving to make our business easier to understand and own by simplifying our financial metrics, keeping our share count flat and converting to a Corporation. We remain totally focused on delivering outstanding results for all of our stakeholders.With that, I will turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks with details, as Steve mentioned, on our investor outreach around the conversion. I'll then review second quarter results and the outlook. Following our announcement in April, we embarked on an extensive roadshow over several weeks with a goal of introducing or reintroducing our firm to investors around the world. The schedule was exceptionally high-quality, and included over 100 institutions, more than half of which were new to the alternative sector and Blackstone and/or were materially restricted previously in owning P2Ps. These are investors with significant investment capacity with each, on average, managing over $100 billion of equity AUM.Reception and feedback were exceedingly positive. Investors clearly view Blackstone as the distinctive leader in a very attractive growth sector, and while our stock has reacted positively since our announcement, as Steve discussed, the majority of these investors couldn't own it directly until July 1. Further to that, we've now become eligible for several market indices, namely S&P Total Market, MSCI and CRSP. And we expect to be added to these in the fall.All of this taken together, we believe there is ample support for a continuation of our recent momentum. Moving to a discussion of our second quarter results, which were highlighted by continued robust inflows and progress toward our FRE targets as well as substantial capital return to our shareholders.Total AUM rose 24% year-over-year to a record $545 billion through the combination of $151 billion of gross inflows and $20 billion of market appreciation despite $38 billion of realizations in that time period. The earning AUM grew 16% year-over-year to $388 billion, and was up 10% sequentially from the first quarter with the launch of the investment period for our ninth global real estate fund.Management fee revenue in the second quarter increased 17% year-over-year to $844 million, also a record for the firm. Fee related earnings rose 24% to $422 million. For the last 12 months, FRE increased to $1.6 billion or $1.31 per share, up 15% year-over-year and our forward momentum is strong. Distributable earnings were $709 million for the quarter or $0.57 per share, up slightly year-over-year, driven by the strong growth in FRE.Net realizations declined moderately from the prior year, but rose sharply from the first quarter, which as we discussed on the last call, was impacted by the market turbulence late in 2018. Realizations in the second quarter of 2019 saw a healthy recovery totaling $10.6 billion, including a mix of public and private sales. For example, in private equity, we completed the sale of the Cloverleaf Cold Storage business at a nearly 3x multiple of invested capital after a little more than one year of ownership.And in real estate, we sold 2 blocks of Invitation Home shares, another highly successful and large investment for the firm, and still remain the largest shareholder. Turning to investment performance, which is reflective of positive underlying fundamentals, although certain strategies were affected by discrete factors. In real estate, the BREP opportunistic funds had another strong quarter appreciating 4.4% driven by strong performance in the private holdings as well as significant gains in the public holdings. In private equity, the corporate PE funds appreciated 0.7% in the quarter with steady underlying performance overall, partly offset by declines in certain upstream energy positions and 1 large public holding.In our secondaries area, it's worth noting that the reporting timeline of the underlying investments, which are interest in other private equity funds result in valuations that are on a 2-quarter lag. As such the decline in SP second quarter returns are reflective of the market turbulence that occurred in the calendar fourth quarter of 2018, and therefore, we'd expect a resumption of positive performance in the third quarter. In credit, the performing credit funds delivered a strong 3.7% gross return in the quarter while the distressed cluster declined 2.1%, driven entirely by decreases in certain upstream energy positions. Finally, in hedge fund solutions, BAAM's composite rose 2.0% gross and 5.4% year-to-date with only of 1/5 the volatility of the S&P delivering well on BAAM's strategy.Overall fund appreciation drove $349 million of net accrued performance revenues in the quarter, lifting the balance sheet receivable to over $4 billion, up 5% quarter-over-quarter. Fund appreciation, combined with our sustained record investment pace, drove performance revenue AUM in the ground to a record $227 billion, up 15% year-over-year.Moving to the FRE outlook. We continue the march toward our previously outlined targets of greater than $1.70 per share in 2020 and $2 per share thereafter. As time passes, the variables impacting this view continue to narrow and our degree of confidence becomes greater. In terms of key variables, with respect to our 4 flagship funds, the dollars are essentially raised as Jon discussed. And with respect to the timing of these funds coming online, we've now launched the investment period for 2 of the funds, including PE secondaries, which is currently earning full fees and global real estate, which, as I mentioned, is now in its fee holiday and will earn full fees in October. The remaining two funds, corporate private equity and European real estate, will be lit up over the coming quarters depending on the deployment pace and the predecessor funds and are then subject to four month fee holidays.I'll close my remarks today with an update on our share repurchase strategy. We repurchased 7 million shares in the open market during the quarter, bringing us to 24.5 million since launching the current program. We've achieved our target of 0 dilution despite the firm's continued robust growth and expansion. Today, we're renewing the program and increasing the remaining authorization from approximately $100 million to $1 billion, reflective of the firm's considerable financial strength and position.Alongside our attractive dividend policy, we think this action further enhances what is already a compelling value proposition. Indeed, over the past three years, we've returned over $9 billion to our shareholders through dividends and repurchases. In the context of continuing to deliver attractive total return to shareholders, as we move into the back half of 2019, multiple catalysts are unfolding. First, the ongoing catalyst of conversion; and second, the catalyst of FRE accelerating higher with a material stepup in 2020 coming into greater focus.The firm's momentum is significant, and the outlook is very bright. With that, we thank you for joining the call, and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Michael, first question for you around the FRE dynamic in the quarter and the forward outlook, obviously fundraising dynamics are super strong. The FRE margin in the quarter, looks like it was around 49%, that's in the higher end, I think, so maybe just spend a couple of minutes on how you guys are thinking on the trajectory of the margin going forward? What are some sort of the puts and takes? And whether the strong kind of fundraising momentum may ultimately result in a higher run rate FRE margin than what you previously thought?
Michael Chae: Sure, Alex. Thank you. First as we've said before and you know, it's a -- we think it's more instructed to look at margins over the year-to-date or annual periods as there is variability from quarter-to-quarter and into a year. So on that basis, I'd look at the first half margins, which were about 47%, which are up about 100 basis points, just over 100 basis points versus full year 2018, which we're at about 46%. So we expect some drag in the third quarter from a full quarter of BREP VIII's fee holiday from a margin standpoint along with other puts and takes and there are many. But overall, for the second half of the year, we expect margins to resemble the first half, and that sort of margin expansion for the full year implied by that is in line with sort of that longer-term sort of trajectory that we've talked a lot about. And in terms of the drivers of that, there are a number of sort of micro factors but broadly speaking, it's a function of businesses including [indiscernible] scaling and our focusing on optimizing and management comp and cost structure is part of that and across the firm. And you can see that especially in the PE segment margins, which enjoyed a very good growth and that's -- the drivers of that are SP, the infrastructure funds, our capital markets business, a number of factors where the management fee revenue was growing and we're seeing flow through. But again, I would point you to kind of the year-to-date period compared to the full year of last year and think about that as sort of the full year trajectory we're on.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler, Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: I wanted to get your updated thoughts on the prospect of moving a very small amount of the voting rights into the flow, which will qualify for the Russell 1000 Index next June, which as you know has a pretty large following among the list.
Jonathan Gray: Our plan is to stick with the structure that's worked for us for 30-plus years, both for our Limited Partners and for the last 12 years, for our public shareholders. We think it's the right long-term governance structure for the company and to maximize long-term value. We do think we have seen with MSCI and others in openness to companies that have dual share classes. And if you look at the performance of these companies over time, they've actually outperformed, and we are hopeful that some of these other indices will evaluate that and move to including us in the indices. We're one of the, if not the largest, market cap company out there, that's not in some of these indices. So we're going to stick with our governance strategy and work, hopefully, to convince these indices and make sense to include us.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just curious how you're thinking about the potential for tokenization of private assets. If one could use distributed ledger technology to tokenize and divide up private assets, particularly real estate, what sort of impact could that have on the asset class? What sort of hurdles do you see that need to be overcome before any sort of widespread adoption? And can you talk about how you're experimenting with this today?
Jonathan Gray: Yes, I think when you get to things like tokenization, what you need are assets that are very similar and don't have -- and have the ability to be more commoditized. When you look at larger scale assets, particularly in real estate, what you see is, it's very difficult to turn those into some sort of computer ledger thing because the assets are so different in their nature. We've seen this with some of the online venues that try to buy and sell real estate. As you get up and scale, it gets harder and harder. I think in industries like housing, where it's easier to do it, I think you could see some real penetration over time. I think in more bespoke commercial real estate assets that's tough and it gets even more complicated if you think about companies in private equity. So we don't really see that as a factor in the near term.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr, Evercore ISI.
Glenn Schorr: Two quickies on performance. One is, not used to seeing a negative number and particular in up market, in Strategic Partners, just curious if there was anything unique there in the quarter? And then maybe just an overall comment on performance. Your numbers are really good, obviously long-term really good relative to public indices, but curious where you think LP expectations are relative to the opportunities in the market? Obviously, you're raising a ton of money, so that might be the answer but...
Jonathan Gray: So I would just say, Michael mentioned it on SP, what you're really looking at is a time lag because you're getting the reports from the underlying managers from Q4, what you're seeing is those results. The Q1 results, which one would expect would be much stronger, will show up in Q3. So I think SP is a unique factor. In terms of the rest of the performance, when we look at the portfolio companies in terms of revenue and EBITDA growth, what we saw in the quarter was very similar to what we've seen in the last couple of quarters. We did have, I would say a couple of isolated factors around our upstream companies, one large public in our private equity area as well. And so I wouldn't want to read too much into it. And when LPs, think about this, they tend not to look at our performance over a quarter. They're looking at our performance within that fund over years and our performance obviously over decades. So in some of these areas, I view this a little bit more of a blip and I wouldn't read too much into it.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. If I could squeeze one in on infrastructure. I know it's early days, you'd have raised a bunch of money, but it's hard to find deployment opportunities. I'm curious on your thoughts on just overall opportunities out there to deploy? And then just more timing.
Jonathan Gray: Yes. I would say on infrastructure, obviously, the decline in interest rates, a bit like real estate in the U.S., has made it more challenging to deploy capital so that's a fair question. I think the good news for us is we're operating at a very large scale, and we have the ability to intervene in assets. And so we've done a couple of big deals in the port space, in the midstream space really out of the box. We have a couple of other large opportunities we're looking at. It is a competitive space. But just like everything we're doing today, GLP and Merlin are examples, by playing where the air is thinner, which is really the strength of our infrastructure business, we've got a better competitive dynamic.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Bill Katz, Citi.
William Katz: All right just coming back to capital management for a moment. I was sort of wondering know that you are a C Corp and just given the type of investors you're meeting with, is there any refinement in your dividend policy and I'm sort of curious if you were to potentially think about shifting to an FRE payout with the year-end top off to maybe make it a more durable dividend policy?
Michael Chae: Bill, it's Michael. I think we remain committed to our capital policy. We think it's worked well. We made a simple change in the structure that we think has had and will have great benefits in terms of making us easier to own. As we did our roadshow and as we continue to talk to investors, I would not say we heard an undue focus one way or another and there were different views around our policy. But overall, I think broad support for how we manage the business and including that. So we're committed to it.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Robert Lee, KBW.
Robert Lee: I've got really a question kind of on the realization outlook and your really kind of more intermediate, longer term. So clearly, a lot of capital in the ground and then if I recall at the Investor Day, you kind of put out a number that at that point cap on the ground you thought could ultimately generate $10 billion of realizations or performance fees. But can you maybe give us a sense of how your capital on the ground is kind of tracking versus prior period funds? I mean is this performance kind of in line with what you've historically had at this stage of different funds life cycle? Is it running better than that? I mean, just some kind of frame work would be helpful.
Jonathan Gray: I would say, if you look at the numbers I think our deployment pace is in line with historic levels. It's possible during periods of dislocation we deploy capital after that post crisis faster. There were periods during the crisis where things slowed down. It feels to us and you can look in our -- in the report that shows the deployment of each of these funds, we're generally sort of on pace and performance wise, you can see the net returns across the funds in line with what we've done historically. So what you're seeing now is just a larger volume of capital deployed. And obviously, Steve touched on against a broader array of asset classes. And so areas where you're seeing -- where the targeted returns are lower. But in the traditional higher octane drawdown funds, I would say in line with historic pace.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: All right. The fundraising and FRE growth, that's been great. Realizations have been a bit more muted for you guys in the industry. You mentioned the growing incentive AUM, the net accrued, so it seems like the opportunity is meaningful going forward. I just wanted to get your view on the outlook. Has anything changed in terms of the exit channels? Or has it been more just about the market volatility that we've seen over the past few quarters? It has just been may be delaying some of the activity?
Jonathan Gray: The market, we obviously had the market dislocation in Q4 which slowed things down. A lot of this, as you know, it is more episodic, a little lumpier because of you waiting for a particular company or asset to mature. And so it's hard to pinpoint when something's going to happen. I would say market conditions generally for exit are fine. It's really more about, is it the right time for our companies? We have this sort of buy-it, fix-it, sell-it model and sometimes you're a midstream in that process. So these things happen, when they do happen, you can see, obviously, meaningful increases in DE as a result. I think the best indicator is the net accrued carry on the balance sheet, which is now at a level, a 4-year high and that's a very good forward indicator. We can't tell you which quarter it will happen, but it should happen over time given the size sort of that's accrued in that storehouse of value.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: Really thinking about the outlook for growth in the insurance business. With the interest rates having risen in recent years but falling over the last 8 months or so, how might the change in the interest rate outlook impact your ability to grow insurance through acquisition and consolidation either directly or via FGL as we look at, say, over the next year? And if acquisition seem less likely, can you help better frame the strategy for organic growth in the insurance business?
Hamilton James: Yes, Kenn. It's Tony James. I'll take that one. I would say the decline in rates is encoraging encouraging insurance companies to sell back books because they're looking at their ability to reinvest the proceeds and meet the liabilities and it's challenged. So that's an opportunity for us that we think will cause considerable increases in the amount of assets insurance for sale. For us, we're looking at a robust pipeline of acquisitions right now both within F&G and away from F&G. So I'm quite optimistic that the conditions are favorable for our business.
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. Great. And then on the organic side?
Hamilton James: Well on the organics -- well, I'm not going to talk about F&G here but that's still a public company, but suffice to say that we are quite pleased with what's happening at F&G on the organic side. Organic growth has increased. They have the capability to do more organic growth and also to do some acquisitions. And as you know, they've got a rating upgrade, which increases their appeal as a counterparty on both fronts.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt, Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: It looks like the core+ performance fee which you included fearing that's came in weaker again, down quite a bit year-over-year. Could you update us on how to think about that volatility and maybe how to think about it becoming more a consistent generator of fees in that line?
Michael Chae: Patrick, not really volatility and there's great momentum there. It's really an entry year pacing. As you know, the realized performance revenues typically come in BPP on an anniversary of prior investment, it's generally over a 3-year time period. And so we have real line of sight on when during the year those will crystallize. And then more broadly, BREIT, or nontraded REIT, which as Jon mentioned, is a terrific platform with great growth. That is a -- it's $8 billion today versus about $3 billion a year ago. Those incentive fees crystallize in the fourth quarter. So you combine those two factors and I think the second half of the year and the fourth quarter in particular, you'll see that's the sort of waiting within the year of when the crystallization occurs. So I would not look at any given quarter in the year-over-year comparison.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gerald O'Hara, Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Jon, I think you talked a little bit about sort of the successful rebuild of the direct lending platform and the [indiscernible] a $12 billion of purchasing power, perhaps you could give a little bit more color there just as to where you see the sizing of that platform kind of going and perhaps the pacing or timing of that growth, if possible?
Jonathan Gray: Thanks, Gerald. We made a big strategic decision a little over a year ago to exit our partnership. Not many firms would voluntarily choose to give up $20 billion of AUM and have confidence they could rebuild it. But we really wanted to control our own destiny in this space. As you pointed out, we've had a lot of success raising money. First with SMAs with some large institutional investors and now increasingly in this BDC. I think the potential here for greater scale is significant. We've now raised a large amount of money. It's going to take a couple of years to deploy that money. But as we do that, we will continually raise money and this does have the potential like a BREIT to grow to be a very large scale business. And GSO is somewhat unique in its ability to deploy capital with a number of folks out there originating loans and the number of relationships we have. So I think we're in early stage of that rebuild. I think deployment now is key as we continue to accelerate in that area, you'll see more fundraising and this should grow to be quite big.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan, JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Question on retail fundraising. Obviously, you've had great momentum in BREIT. And so I guess there just trying to think about capacity or any constraints from a size perspective, and then just a possible, more broadly, what other products are going to be important to the growth beyond the $25 billion in 2019?
Joan Solotar: Well, I think very importantly we've been focused on building out bespoke structure that are open ended and where we have a lot of capacity. So even in the quarter, where we raised almost $7 billion, more than 70% of that was from retail bespoke structures and frankly although, obviously, we had a great overall firm raise for the private equity fund, we did not take a lot of that capacity. So I wouldn't think of it is as, oh, they raised a lot of flagship funds, it's kind of done. I think more importantly, the concentration in portfolios on the retail side is de minimus. You still are well below 5% in both a credited and across qualified purchasers who are continuing to grow globally. So it still feels like very early innings to us. And if you think just even last year versus this year, last year where we raised around $15 billion, this year we'll be somewhere in the neighborhood of $25 billion. I think they're -- it's very early innings.
Jonathan Gray: I would just add that this is really where the power of the brand matters. Raising retail capital, the recognition among financial advisors and their customers of Blackstone, both here in the U.S. and around the world, gives us an edge that's hard to match. And so we think, as Joan pointed out early days, if you look at individual investors, even very wealthy individual investors, they have low single-digit percentage exposure to alternatives. They're facing the same challenges as institutions and insurance companies and they want more of what we offer and by doing what Joan's team has done which is create products that work specifically for retail customers, you build tremendous momentum and BREIT's leading the charge. We're obviously working on some other ideas that over time, hopefully, can have similar success.
Joan Solotar: I just want to add one thing which I emphasized in prior quarters. We're really running this like a business rather than a sales organization. So also emphasizing that we've invested quite a lot in education and technology and lots of folks in the fields, investor services, data analytics. Something that we can leverage across a lot of products that makes us unique and really has created a wide moat.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Just a two-part question. Just one, if you could just detail the amount of principal investment income attributed to treasury sales in the quarter and just talk about your strategy there in terms of filling treasuries that are on your balance sheet. And then secondly getting back to the FRE build, it looks like you might have a potential to hit that $2 run rate at some time during 2020, just trying to get a sort of a sense. Obviously, it's hard to predict future fundraising that for funds that are not yet in plan. But Michael maybe, if you could just go over what you have in plan for specific fundraisers in the second half and obviously imagine the fee holiday for BREP VIII in 3Q. So I'm just trying to get a sort of better sense of what could come in that FRE run rate in 4Q as the starting point into 2020?
Michael Chae: Sure, Brian. A lot of content in that question. So I think first on the principal investment income, the backdrop, as I said in my remarks, is good realization activity in the quarter which -- and that's reflected there. And we did also realize some gains in our treasury portfolio. We did it principally with the view of the head of conversion, timing it to allow us to maximize the efficiencies of those positions from a tax standpoint as a P2P. So that was sensible for us to do. And if comprised, about half of the principal investment income in the quarter. If you exclude that piece, I'd say the ratio of investment income to performance revenues was basically in line with prior quarters, around 20%.I think on the run rating question, I'll just simply say, we'll refer to what we've been saying pretty constantly since Investor Day and the last couple of quarters the confidence around better than $1.70 next year and $2 thereafter. And the fundraising for the second half of the year, which I think is really slightly different question. Obviously, we are delighted that about 93% of those 4 so-called super-cycle funds are raised, but we still have a lot of action in the second half in other areas whether it's in our BREDS area, the beginning as we talked about our life sciences fund raise, all about really the 2020 events continuing on the European direct lending fund raise, we've had some closes there but we expect to have even more significant closes in the second half. We are underway on our strategy capital fund raise within BAAM. So a number of things across the board including, as always, our perpetual capital fundraisers that are a continuous process.
Brian Bedell: And then BREP VIII coming into the [indiscernible] AUM in 4Q, is that correct?
Michael Chae: It's already in, it went in the second quarter and is on fee holiday but is in...
Jonathan Gray: Yes, I think October, it starts.
Brian Bedell: For fee generate?
Michael Chae: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski, Oppenheimer.
Christoph Kotowski: Actually, he just addressed my question.
Operator: Next question come from the line of Patrick Davitt, Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: I have a broader question, I guess, on any update to your views on trade war impact to the portfolio and/or investment trajectory? Not just China, because it feels like it's expanded kind of beyond that at this point?
Jonathan Gray: So we have been seeing globally a slowdown in trade. And I would say a slowdown in the industrial economy and some of the commodities and energy have been hit as well and that's true in the U.S, Europe and China. So I think that's a factor and obviously central banks have been responding by lowering rates or signaling their lowering rates. I think the good news for us is we don't have that many businesses in the global supply chain either retailers or big exporters. So the impact there directly to our portfolio is not quite as significant. The real question is, will it leak more broadly into the economy or into markets? So far, the more dovish tone from central banks has outweighed the slow down from trade. So we are seeing it. But to us, so far, not a really big impact.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Bill Katz. The final question is from Bill from Citi.
William Katz: So I think you may have answered this indirectly through some of your commentary about some of the portfolio revenue and EBITDA and may be even that last comment. I was sort of wondering if you could step back a little bit and talk about where you think we are in the credit cycle? And how the firm is positioned both to weather or any kind of concern as was potentially accelerating kind of deployment?
Jonathan Gray: Well Bill, I would say I know there's a lot of concern about -- there about credit markets and leverage loans. But when we look at new deals getting done, the amount of equity as a percent of the capital structure has continued to go up. There's been a modest increase in debt-to-EBITDA in the market. But when you look aggregately, we generally think credit conditions have been balanced. We don't see a lot of accesses out there. When you look in the leverage loan market, default rates are near record lows, coverage is as strong as it's been since the financial crisis. So I think the memory of what happened in 2008 and '09 has impacted market participants and regulators. And so we see a fair amount of discipline out there and we are not seeing things -- anything close to what we saw in the precrisis era. And so obviously, if the economy slows down sharply, there would be an impact to credit. But we think overall, the credit markets are healthy and we think the spread you get paid to be a senior lender in leverage loans is pretty good risk return, and we're feeling very good about our CLO portfolio in the outlook in that space. So I'd say we generally have a more positive view on the leverage loan market maybe than the market generally.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning, and please follow up with me with any questions.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining and enjoy the rest of the day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2019 Investor Call. My name is Emma and Im your event manager. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And now Id like to hand the call over to Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Great, thanks Emma, and good morning and welcome to Blackstones first quarter conference call. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation along with a supplemental presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report next month. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures, and youll find reconciliations in the press release and on the Shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone funds. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported a GAAP net income of $1.1 billion for the first quarter. Distributable earnings were $538 million or $0.44 per common share up 7% from the prior year. We declared a distribution of $0.37 to be paid to holders of record as of April 29. We also announced that Blackstone will convert from a partnership to a corporation which is expected to be effective July1, 2019. We posted a short video to our website this morning along with a supplemental slide presentation that I mentioned walking through the details of the conversion which we encourage you to watch. And with that, Ill now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston. And good morning and thank you for joining our call. Today we are pleased to announce a compelling next step in Blackstones evolution as a public company, our conversion to C-Corporation. This is a journey that began in 2007 with our IPO. Since that time we've not only advanced our position as the clear leader in our industry, growing AUM six times over that period to $512 billion, but we've also established ourselves as one of the leading public companies in the world. For example, our financial performance over the past decade ranks Blackstone among the highest of the largest 150 U.S. public companies. We've grown revenue and earnings at more than double the median growth rate of this group, while our profit margins are more than triple, as is our dividend yields. On a composite of these four metrics, Blackstone ranks number one among the largest companies in the United States. In addition to our financial performance, Blackstone is widely regarded as one of the best franchises. Morgan Stanley recently named Blackstone as one of the 30 best stocks for a long term investment, based on its review of business quality and competitive positioning. We were the only asset manager on a list that includes highly recognized companies such as Amazon, Alphabet, Costco, Vista and a lot of other household names if you will in finance. Like these firms, we have a real moat around our franchise, by delivering differentiated investment performance to our customers over decades, with minimal loss of capital. We've created a deep bond of trust, resulting in a very significant percentage of repeat business. Blackstone is the reference institution in the fast growing alternatives industry and that growth is widely expected to continue. Morgan Stanley also predicted that management fees for our industry would grow to $70 billion annually within five years up from $45 billion currently. We are extraordinarily well positioned to benefit against this backdrop, as the largest and most diverse firm, with the strongest brand among both institutions and retail investors. Blackstone stock however, has not matched the trajectory of our business even though the stock has performed in line with the S&P, since our IPO which most people don't recognize as a lot of it comes from dividend flow, that actually makes little sense for us to be at the S&P, given that our business has dramatically outperformed the market on most metrics. On the list of 30 top companies that I referenced, weve the highest dividend yields, but the third lowest earnings multiple. Why does this discount persist? In analyzing this disconnect, we've spent considerable time speaking with our investors around the world. Consistent theme has been that our publicly traded partnerships structure simply makes the stock too difficult to own. We determine that over 60% of long-only index and ETF investors in the United States representing $7.5 trillion of capital are materially restricted in their ability to own PTPs and they actually typically don't. Add to that trillions of dollars more of non U.S. and retail capital that is challenged in owning PTPs and the cause of our valuation disconnect comes in better focus. Earlier last year, following the passage of tax reform, we told you that we would carefully study the possibility of changing our structure. We also had the benefit of being able to analyze the experience of two of our peers to converting. What we learnt is that since these firms respective conversion announcements, they had the best performing stocks among our peers other than Blackstone itself, which at that point had not converted. Ownership by long-only and index funds for these other firms doubled and liquidity dramatically increased with their trading volumes almost doubling on average. Time will tell what impact conversion will have on Blackstone's stock. But we know this; conversion will make it vastly easier to own our stock. Michael will discuss these statistics in more detail. We estimate conversion will initially remove restrictions on at least $4.5 trillion of investor capital in the U.S. as well as trillions of dollars more institutionally. If we continue to grow as the reference institution in our industry and now have access to trillions of dollars more buying power, I think it's reasonable to assume we should substantially close the gap between our valuation and that of other top companies. We believe the action we're announcing today is a very significant step forward in driving this type of outcome. I'd like to thank the investor and analyst community for encouraging us to look at this and we greatly appreciate your patience as we went through a very thorough analysis. We're enthusiastically making this change because we think it will unlock substantial value for all of our current and future shareholders. Closing, although our corporate structure is changing, everything else at Blackstone remains the same. We will continue to operate the same integrated firm, preserving the unique culture that has driven our success for 33 years, characterized by meritocracy, entrepreneurialism and excellence in all we do. Our core mission remains unchanged, which is to drive outstanding long term performance for our investors. Thank you for joining our call today. And with that, I'll turn things over to Jon.
Jonathan Gray: Thanks Steve and good morning everyone. I share Steve's optimism on driving greater value for our shareholders under the new structure, but importantly, as Steve said, the foundation of our firm is not changing. We remain totally focused on delivering great returns, which builds trust and allows us to continue raising capital and innovating on behalf of our investors. At our Investor Day last September, we outlined a path for how this virtuous cycle would drive a meaningful step up in the growth and quality of our earnings. As today's results illustrate, the two major pillars underlying our targets; first the raising and launching of four major flagship funds, and secondly, the trajectory of our real estate core plus platform are both advancing better than initial expectations. We now expect the four flagship funds; corporate private equity, global and European real estate, and our PE Secondarys fund to reach approximately $65 billion collectively or 30% more than their prior vintages. We've already closed on 70% of those commitments with three of the four funds substantially completed, including a $22 billion first close for our corporate private equity fund, which we expect to be the largest PE fund ever raised. For the fourth flagship fund, European real estate, we expect the vast majority of its approximately $10 billion to be raised in the coming weeks. The ability to raise record setting funds and close to a one and done basis speaks to the strength of the global franchise. In total, across the firm, gross inflows were just over $100 billion for each of 2017 and 2018, a pace we expect to meaningfully exceed in 2019. Our real estate core plus platform has also continued to display the momentum we talked about at Investor Day, growing to $36 billion in a little over five years up 22% year-on-year. This includes our non-traded REIT, BREIT which continues to power forward, raising nearly $600 million in the most recent month, as we further expanded distribution internationally and in the IBD channel. BREIT has already grown to $6 billion in two years, a remarkable endorsement of the power of the Blackstone brand in the retail channel. We now manage $76 billion of Perpetual Capital AUM in total, across 13 funds. These vehicles will drive greater predictability of the firm's earnings given their enduring nature, and the fact that performance revenues occur on a known timetable without requiring asset sales. The power of our franchise allows us to rapidly expand new businesses to global scale. We've been talking about a push into faster growth areas like life sciences and growth equity. We now expect to begin fundraising for a dedicated Blackstone vehicle in life sciences in the current quarter, and growth equity later this year. Our tactical opportunities business, which started as a $5 billion first fund in 2012 is now a $30 billion platform. In our secondarys area, our current fund will be over $10 billion or more than four times larger than when we acquired the business five and a half years ago. And in GSO, the rebuilding of our U.S. direct lending strategy is progressing well, and we expect it to exceed $12 billion later this year. Of course, this always ties back to the investment performance of our funds. 15% net returns annually in both our opportunistic real estate and corporate private equity businesses for 30 years. In the first quarter, all of our flagship strategies again delivered healthy appreciation, driving strong growth in our balance sheet receivable. Michael will discuss our returns in more detail, but overall, the portfolio companies are reporting steady performance. Our public holdings also benefited from the stock market rally in the first quarter. The Fed pausing its tightening cycle combined with greater optimism on China trade and growth, were major factors in the rebound. Strong market helped us launch two highly successful IPOs in the first -- the past few weeks we listed the Embassy REIT in India, the country's first and the culmination of eight years of building one of the largest office portfolios in India, which continues to benefit from some of the strongest fundamentals in the world. In addition, we brought Tradeweb public, a division of Refinitiv. The offering was upsized twice and 17 times oversubscribed and the stock has traded up over 40% since its debut. The biggest challenge today globally in making investments is a lack of distress and high multiples in many sectors. When valuations are rich, we stay disciplined. We're never buying the market and we use our scale and global reach to win deals others cannot. We committed to three large opportunistic deals in the quarter including a creatively structured midstream investment and the privatizations of two technology businesses, Ultimate Software which represents the largest PE software deal in history and Scout24, the leading German online classifieds business. We were also active in our real estate core plus, PE Core and secondarys businesses. In total, we invested $12 billion in the quarter and committed $8 billion to deals not yet closed. We have record capital on the ground today and record capital to deploy with $133 billion dollars of dry powder. We have very long investment periods and can be patient for the right opportunities. In closing, the firm continues to deliver strong performance for both our limited partners and our shareholders in all respects. Over the past year, we've made several changes to drive even greater value for our shareholders. Last April, we announced a $1 billion stock buyback program. More recently, we simplified our financial metrics to make them easier to understand focusing on distributable earnings. And today, we are announcing our conversion to a C Corp, so a much larger universe of investors can buy the stock. And with that, I turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks Jon, and good morning. I'll begin my remarks with the details around the conversion and we'll refer to some of the pages in the supplemental presentation. I'll then review first quarter results and the outlook, starting on page one of the supplement with the mechanics of the conversion. We expect an effective date of July 1st as Weston stated. Existing unit holders will receive their final scheduled K-1 for the period January 1 through June 30th 2019. After this date, all shareholders will receive a Form 1099 with respect to qualified dividends instead of a K-1 Moving to Page 2, which summarizes the rationale for conversion. Takeaway here is that we view BX as a must own stock that has been under owned historically due to our PTP structure. The firm has an exceptional business model and financial profile. Page 3 illustrates the comparison of Blackstone to the largest 150 U.S. public companies that Steve summarized. On all four of these key metrics, revenue and earnings growth, pre-tax margin and dividend yield. We are in the first or second decile and on an equal weighted composite, Blackstone ranks number one among the largest 150 public companies in the U.S. Despite this compelling position among the leading public companies, our structure has meaningfully limited the market for our shares. Page 4 illustrates the extent of those restrictions. As you can see, nearly 100% of index funds and ETFs are off limits to PTPs along with a substantial portion of long-only funds, together representing $7.5 trillion of capital as Steve said. As a result as shown on the right side of this page, these investors only hold 21% of the BX float well below the 60% average ownership of C-Corp Alts, reference financials and the largest U.S. companies. As shown on page 5, by converting, we effectively double the unrestricted domestic long-only and index ETF market to $9 trillion. We eliminate the K-1 making the stock eligible for 100% of long-only funds. We also eliminate such problematic past their income as you UBTI, state-source income, and of importance to non-U.S. investors, ECI. The stock becomes eligible for the benchmark indices underlying an estimated 40% of index funds and ETFs, namely CRSP, MSCI and certain Total Market indices. And we're hopeful that eligibility will further increase over time. We were encouraged by MSCIs recent decision following an 18-month review to continue including, dual share class securities and its primary indices and to create an additional index family for single share class securities. We believe this is a thoughtful and well-structured model for the future. Finally and importantly as shown on page six. We are able to access the significant benefits of conversion at a modest additional tax cost. To unpack that, our fee related earnings are already largely taxed at the corporate rate today and as outlined previously, the firm's earnings mix continues to shift toward a higher percentage of FRE overtime. Our net realization income is mostly passed through income, which will become taxable at the corporate level upon conversion. By electing a tax basis step up, we will mitigate solution resulting in a negligible total impact toward distributable earnings from conversion in the near term and approximately 2% to 5% annually on average over the next five years. Looking beyond five years, longer term, we ultimately expect tax dilution in the 12% to 13% range annually at the corporate level. Finally, I would note at the shareholder level, for a taxable U.S. shareholder, the impact is even lower due to the tax treatment of qualified dividend income as a C-Corp versus the various individual tax rates applied to pass through income as a partnership. In summary, following significant reflection over the past year and a half, we find the cost benefit analysis of conversion highly compelling. We're excited to be making this change today with success to be measured over the long term. Now moving to a discussion of our first quarter results. The firms strong momentum continued in the quarter, highlighted by robust inflows and the march toward our Investor Day targets, as well as attractive investment performance and a growing store value. Totally AUM rose 14% year-over-year to a record $512 billion through the combination of $126 billion of gross inflows, an industry record and $20 billion of market appreciation despite $36 billion of realizations. To address a point of confusion recently in the press, our total AUM metric includes the underlying equity value of our funds, but not third party leverage on our investments. This is consistent with how the other public alternative firms report except for one. Brookfield, which is an outstanding firm, includes leveraging its reported AUM measured on the same basis, Blackstone's total AUM would be approximately $804 billion. Management fee revenue in the quarter increased 11% year-over-year to $814 million, also a record for the firm. Fee related earnings rose 11% to $374 million notwithstanding the sale of our prior direct lending business last year, and our forward momentum is strong. I'll discuss the outlook more specifically in a moment. Distributable earnings were $538 million for the quarter or $0.44 per share up 7% from the prior year and underpinned by the strong growth in FRE. Fourth quarter market turbulence had the effect of reducing the realization pipeline entering the year. That said, we did complete the sales of a number of private holdings primarily in private equity, and as markets recovered, we executed several public sales and real estate and private equities. Turning to investment performance, where we saw broad based strength across the firm in the quarter. In real estate, the opportunistic funds appreciated 4.7% while core plus rose 2.7%. In private equity, the corporate PE funds appreciated 4.6%. Strategic partners also 4.6% and Tac Ops 2.8%. In both private equity and real estate, returns benefited from a sharp rebound in republics, as well as continued steady appreciation in our private holdings. In credit, the performing credit funds delivered a 4.1% gross return in the quarter, while the distressed funds were up 3.7% gross. And in Hedge Fund Solutions, BAAMs Composite rose 3.4% gross. Strong fund performance powered $540 million of net accrued performance revenues in the quarter lifting the balance sheet receivable to $3.9 billion up 10% from year-end. Fund depreciation, combined with our active investment pace including $12 billion deployed in the quarter, and $46 billion of the last twelve months drove performance revenue AUM in the ground to a record $221 billion dollars up 13% year-over-year. Taken together, these are positive indicators for future value realization. Moving to the FRE outlook. As John referenced, we continue to advance on the path outlined at Investor Day. Of the major flagship funds underpinning that view, our new PE secondarys fund launched this investment period in the first quarter and is generating full fees. The other three funds Corp Private Equity, Global Real Estate and European Real Estate are expected to launch investment periods throughout the second half of this year and into early 2020, and are then subject to four months fee holidays for first closers. At Investor Day last September, we outlined a path of 50% or better growth in 2020 FRE, which implied better than a $1.70 share. Given our fundraising success today, and our continued progress overall, we now have even better visibility and more confidence in that view. And importantly, we remain confident in our path to $2 per share. Finally, in terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased nearly 18 million shares in the open market over the past year under our buyback program resulting in a flat share count despite the firm's continued robust growth in business line expansion. Combined with our cash distributions, we returned $3.3 billion to shareholders over the last 12 months. We remain extraordinarily focused on delivering attractive value to our shareholders and our conversion announcement today is another major step in support of that commitment. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. So your question and answer session will now begin. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the questions. And congrats on the conversion, I agree with your assessment. So just on the conversion itself maybe couple of just sort of tactical questions. Michael, I was wondering if you could talk about just some of the tax related savings in the first few years; and how youre accomplishing that? And then maybe in your prepared commentary about the [four pillars] [ph] of MSCI, but how is the dialogue with both S&P and Russell as relates to dual class structure as well?
Michael Chae: Bill, thank you. On the first question, as part of our conversion we will be making 754 election - Section 754, which will create a step-up in assets that will be utilized as those assets are sold in addition to creating intangibles that will be amortized over 15 years. So that is obviously one of the but not the only factor around what we use modest dilution in addition to the continued mix shift round FRE which as you know was already taxed largely at the corporate rate and so forth. So that is some color on that. And in terms of the latter question, Jon, do you want to comment?
Jonathan Gray: Yes. Sure. Id say, Bill, we havent obviously gone out because we werent ineligible for any indices as a publicly traded partnership. So we haven't had dialogue directly for some time on this topic, but we do look forward. As Michael noted in his remarks MSCI studied this pretty carefully and concluded that it was okay to leave dual class shares in their indices. We think thats the right conclusion because when you look at performance and weve studied this in the S&P 500 over the last 10 years the companies with dual class shares have doubled the performance of the overall index, and in many cases they are founder led companies. So you have companies like Brookshire and Google and Nike and those founders and what they've done to drive those businesses had led to great creation of shareholder value. So, we're hopeful that the index managers will be open to this dialogue. As weve noted a number of indices will include us and that should happen when we convert here in the next couple of months. But over time wed love to convince folks that this is the right way to give shareholders access to great companies like Blackstone.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from a line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone and congrats on the C-Corp conversion too.
Michael Chae: Thank you.
Craig Siegenthaler: So, I know that you havent changed your dividend policy today. But now that you will be paying taxes or the owners will be paying taxes on the actual dividends and not the underlying income, how do you evaluate buying back your stock at this compelling valuation versus returning capital be it dividends which now are taxed at the dividend level?
Michael Chae: Bill, I mean  sorry, what Ill take Craig overall, thanks for the question is, we don't have plans to change either our dividend policy or our zero dilution repurchase program at this point which together we think of made for a very shareholder friendly capital return policy. As you know our business model is such that we can grow as we have had and will do at very high rates without essentially requiring much capital which is pretty extraordinary. And our capital return policy reflects and takes advantage of that to a great benefit for our shareholders. So, as you note, obviously conversion enables a qualified dividend treatment that creates even more flexibility, but were going to maintain the approach. And on repurchases, as I said were committed to zero dilution. There is always we are as open to the possibility at times to be opportunistic and we will certainly reserve that right and look at it through the lens of creating long-term shared shareholder value for our investors.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. Thanks Michael.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Just a follow-up on the payout policy on the dividend. What would lead you to I guess change your dividend policy? To what extend is that something that you're evaluating 85% payout for C-Corp. that does seem a bit high, there are others out there that you see that have been successful with such a high dividend payout policy?
Stephen Schwarzman: We've obviously made some significant changes as you guys noted over the last year in terms of moving to a share buyback program simplifying the financials and obviously the big announcement today on the C-Corp conversion. We're very focused on delivering for shareholders as Michael noted. And what we've seen from our investors is they like these healthy dividends and we think the market particularly in this more liquid form of C-Corp. will react positively. Obviously over time if things are not positively received we can evaluate, but we really like this. We think shareholders like the idea that were big returners of capital, and we payout healthy dividends.
Jonathan Gray: I just like to jump in. Mike, the key thing about our business, its better than any other corporation out there, we don't need capital to grow. We can grow at high double digits without having to reinvest in fixed plant and equipment as so many other businesses need. Its one of the great things about Blackstone.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Lee of KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you and congratulations on pulling the trigger on the conversion. I guess my questions maybe moving away from the conversion a little bit to the high net worth in retail market. I know, Jon, you may talk a little bit about some of the success youre having there and expanding globally. But Im just curious more specifically for bunch of years now lot of people in the industry have looked at the big pool of retirement assets, 401(k) assets as this kind of Holy Grail and for any number of reasons the liquidity of your strategys sponsor concerns over litigation wherever it may be. Any and maybe this is a question for Jon, but any sense that youre starting to see some light at the end of the tunnel, but some these hurdles maybe overcome in the next couple of years and actually start accessing that pool of capital?
Jonathan Gray: So, its very good question. We, I think like many others recognize as increasingly in private sector we've gone from defined benefits to defined contributions. Individual investors don't have access to the returns we generate in private markets. And so, if you think about a young person in their early 20s contributing to a 401(k) and yet the requirement today is for daily liquidity, its really a regulatory requirement that has made it very difficult to give our products to the retail world and the 401(k) retirement world. It's not super logical that they shouldn't have some portion of their portfolio available for alternatives. We have been working sort of in Washington talking to various folks, we and others in the industry about the idea of opening up the retirement community. Tony specifically spent some time on this as well. John Finley our General Counsel, Wayne Berman on Government Relations. We think that this is an area where it makes a lot of sense for these long-term pools of capital for individual investors to have access to alternatives. And our suspicion is over time these markets will open up. I think regulators rightly will want to make sure that the folks who do this are highly experienced that the fees that are charged are reasonable. There have been abuses in the past with alternative products in retail hands. And so, we think a collaborative approach with regulators could lead to a very good outcome for individual investors in their retirement accounts and obviously, for money managers like us.
Jonathan Gray: I would like to point out the statistics, Rob. The average 401(k) returns 3% to 4%. The average pension return 7% to 8%. The big difference is this pension plans allocate to alternatives.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Q - Ken Worthington Hi. Good morning for taking my questions. I guess in terms of dilution from the conversion, is the tax blocker [ph] that youre creating with the conversion essentially the sole driver of the difference between the near term, two to five and the long-term 12 to 13. Is there a difference between the cash taxes from this blocker and reported? And then maybe lastly, I assume that management will continue to own a different class of shares here. To what extent does that dual ownership structure have any positive impact on this dilution from -- of the C-Corp. shares?
Michael Chae: Ken, youre referring to a blocker, I mentioned in my remarks, it's a asset step-up in tax basis, so a different term of art [ph]. In terms of the cash versus reporting taxes those will be aligned and that's a factor I also mentioned the evolution of our earnings mix which will continue as we talked about in Investor Day towards FRE within the -- which already currently as you know is largely taxed at corporate rate. So those are I think couple perspectives on your first question. And as per your second question that's not a driver. The effective tax rates and the dilution, the dilution I alluded to are on the common. Those referred to DE per common dilution numbers. Q - Ken Worthington Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Thanks, guys. Another on taxes, so I guess as we think about the run rate tax rate going forward I guess starting the second half 2019 into 2020, what should we be thinking about in terms of the rate? And then is it expected to gradually increase over the kind of five-year period and then normalize in the low 20s? Or it kind of stays low and then takes a step up once you get through the five-year period?
Jonathan Gray: Yes. I think, Alex, it sounds like you more or less got your finger on it. Under our current partnerships structure we estimate our effective tax rate on DE per common would have been in the range of around 11% to 13% going forward. As a corporation we expect that to be at or maybe just above a high end of that range on average over the next five years and longer term we expect the rate to trends to the low 20s. And so within the next five years which were getting at as per in terms of the shape of that it obviously depends on the activity and income mix in terms of what we sell and when we sell it. We expect pretty negligible change in the next few years relative to the current rate, while in the latter part of the five years we should begin to trend towards that longer-term rate.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Carrier: Thanks everyone and good morning. You gave a pretty good pathway on the FRE. I know the realized income is obviously tougher to predict and the whole industry had a little bit of a pause given the fourth quarter volatility, but just wanted to get your sense when you look at the performance of the portfolio across the different segments. Some of the IPOs that you guys have launched, and then what maybe secondaries are out there. Just how we should be thinking about the realized performance fees in this environment?
Michael Chae: Sure, Michael. As you point out the portfolio is performing, were pleased with that as you saw in the investment performance. As I mentioned in my remarks the first quarter obviously saw the impact of the significant market dislocation of the fourth quarter. Its still early in this quarter and in the year, but the markets and market conditions have obviously material improved as prices have recovered and some measure that are replenish the net accrued performance revenue balance in really significant way that 10% quarter-over-quarter growth in the first quarter was actually the largest sequential increase weve had since the second quarter of 2014 both on a dollars and percentage increase basis. And you alluded to this. Our public portfolio between appreciation and new IPO activity, our liquid public holdings are up about 25% in size today versus the beginning of the year. So, the value in the ground continues to grow, the pipelines rebuilding. We have some substantial things sort of in motion in the hopper. Those will play out according to their own timetables. But we feel good about our position as we go forward through the year.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kaimon Chung: Hi. This is Kaimon Chung for Glenn Schorr. Many of the assets managers have been getting a little more vocal on the prospects of China being a big growth market for them. Im not sure anyone has better taste than you and Steve specifically, but can you talk about your views on that market opening up and how Blackstone is positioning for that? And anything on timing would be great. Thanks.
Stephen Schwarzman: Sure. China is going to be opening a variety of areas in finance. Though the banks, insurance companies and also brokerage area and theyll first go to a majority permitted by foreigners and then theyll able, after few years to take a 100%. And so, obviously they have existing regulations so that there should be some modification of those. And this is an area where I think Chinese would be very cautious in terms of quality of companies that they green light and I think this is an area of long-term interest for any firm such as ours particular areas where China has lot of assets like real estate, the big source of where they put their savings, stock markets must show us importance in China as you know and the people save and they invest in real estate as their primary drivers. We happened to be unusually capable in that area compared to competitors around the world and longer longer-term business and this is something along with our other business lines that I think we would be interested in. This is all about like now people are negotiating some of these elements. Its an area where the Chinese want to have much more engagement with the outside world and so things hopefully will line up at some future time. Were not involved in any negotiations at the moment with them, but things are going to change. So I think after the agreement which everybody anticipates will be done within the next six weeks or so, could be the wrong time and could be another week or two either way, but that's the current thinking of where things should shake out.
Kaimon Chung: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer & Co. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. Good morning. Question for Jon Gray I suppose. Im curious about your approach on investing BREP IX, in that like historically I always thought of Blackstone's opportunistic real estate that you try to buy properties below cost than you buy it, fix it, sell it and I also kind of thought a big portion of the funds would be invested in small and mid-rise, suburban office buildings that might be $20 million or $30 million ticket. But now with an $18 billion fund it seems like it would be more reliant on bigger deals like the Sears Tower and things like that. But every city you go to, there is massive construction, construction seems to be booming. So it -- the current environment just doesn't seem in sync with your historical styles. So, can you talk about your approach to invest in BREP IX?
Jonathan Gray: Sure. I guess, Ill say a few things. The challenge today in investing is opportunistically in the United States is a reflection of the fact that there is not a lot of distress and prices are relatively fallen. So, on that point it is not an environment where we sort of backup the truck and buy everything, let's say it was back in seven or eight years ago. That being said, what I would differ on is the way wed run the business, it is not generally been small deals. Its been the scale business. If you went back to the pre-crisis era the way we were able to really dodge some of the big challenges. We did two very large deals in the EOP and Hilton, which we ended up making more than $20 billion on when most investments and real estate of that vintage turned out to be substantial losses. And weve continued on that in housing, in RG, real estate deals. So, I think the business model is very much staying same. I think at some point here the opportunities, remember we get this capital for a long period of time. So if theres not a lot to do, we can sort of leave the bat on our shoulder, but then what happens is the U.S. economy here with potentially U.S., China trade result with fed on hold we could see potentially re-acceleration rates could move back a bit, stocks could trade down, that would create a new investable universe for us. Things tend to change to over time. In addition beyond the U.S. of course, our global fund participates along with our Europe and Asia funds around the world where actually theres a bit of a better opportunistic real estate investing environment. So the scale of what we do, the time, the patients and our ability to look across the universe to all different asset class give us a lot of flexibility and I have a lot of confidence in our real estate team and what we see out there. So, overall its certainly a tougher environment to invest, but I fee very good, that will continue to do a great job for investors as weve done for 30 years.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning folks and congrats on C-Corp, also maybe couple of questions along that line. Just if we did into an environment where realization slowed down significantly such as in a difficult prolonged market environment, would that elevate the tax rate closer to that FRE tax rate on the corporate level, so something well above the 13% [ph] closing in the 20s. And then also just second separately, is there any change in compensation plans for the employees of Blackstone as a result of the C-Corp conversion both for employees across the board and then also the investment teams?
Stephen Schwarzman: Sure, Brian, on the first one, I think it might inverted from your question which is from a dilution standpoint from conversion the more performance fees there are, the more the margin dilution there would be. And the lower the level performance fees, the less dilution, because obviously the biggest change in terms of tax rate will be on -- and C-Corp. will be on the performance fees.
Michael Chae: And then on the employee side, investment side, non-investment side no change in any competition policy.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gerry OHara of Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gerry OHara: Great. Thanks. Just picking up on Jons comments on the lack of distress and higher multiples in the current environment, and I suspect some of the same commentary from the real state side will apply here. But perhaps you could speak to how you get comfortable with the sizing for the latest vintage private equity fund? And why I guess 24 billion or more is the right number for that vehicle? Thanks you.
Jonathan Gray: Whats interesting in private equity is, if you look at the data and you went back to say 2006, now 13 years ago and the number of large buyout funds call it $15 billion or more. I think that number is unchanged. And yet during that time the global market cap is more than doubled. So what we've seen is lots of capital moving to the middle market private equity area and a lot less capital move into these larger transactions. And so, we think having the ability to have big scale capital and do larger transactions like Refinitiv and a number the corporate carve-outs weve done and things were looking at, we think that's a big competitive advantage. And again it's a large world. We invest not only the U.S. but in Europe and Asia both places we've been quite active and we continue to see a pretty good pipeline of deals. I mean in the first quarter large transactions with ultimate soft where with Scout24 both companies that we think are terrific and having the ability to write large checks, billion dollar plus $2 billion checks really makes a difference. So, we like the large end of the market and we certainly don't feel like we have too much capital, but as Steve commented on publicly on some of this TV appearances earlier, we cap our funds. Were very mindful of not having too much capital. And so if you look at our funds, go back to the real estate comment earlier or here in private equity, our funds have been growing 20%, 30%, but that's of course five or six years from the previous fund. So if you look at that on an annual basis we've actually been pretty modest in how much we've allowed the funds to grow. The growth of the firm has been the expansion of our capabilities by product type in geographically. And the firm sits at a really unique spot today, which is almost everything we move into. If we have a team there's a compelling market opportunity. We go see our investors they will give us capital. And were really the governors of how much capital well take for strategy and we really focus on long-term delivering returns. If we don't do a good job, if we take excess money, if we deploy the capital in the wrong way that's how we damage this franchise, and our focus, number one focus our investment committee process everything we do it on delivering great returns to investors.
Operator: Okay. So the next question weve got is from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Davitt: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. I want to go back to the retirement question, the Commissioner of the SEC said that it was a  that he was actually thinking about putting alternatives into retirement. I'm sure the -- Tony you had a part of that. How does that actually happen? Where is the probability that it happens? And what are the like wrappers that you put around it to make it work?
Stephen Schwarzman: I think it's too early to say. Obviously regulators are going to have to decide. Im sure therell be a long-term process here to go through. It's hard to say how quickly this will happen. What the process will be. I just think back to Tony's earlier comment is there is a big differential between what pension funds have been able to achieve and what individuals have been able to achieve in their 401(k)s and regulators see that. So I think therell be a lot of discussion and focus. The way forward you know I think that's hard to predict. I don't know if you want to put some on that.
Michael Chae: Patrick, I might say that it probably won't be 1 million little investors picking Blackstone private equity or Blackstone real estate. You'll probably see this come in the form that our alternative products to be included in target date funds. So an investor will pick a target date fund which will be relatively more allocated towards capital gain products in the early stage of the fund and as he gets near or she gets near retirement become more income orient. So it'll probably be embedded in other products as a start.
Patrick Davitt: So, do you think the probability is going up that it will happen?
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you.
Stephen Schwarzman: And I do think, I would just say generally when you look at the long-term positives in our business, Steve touched on the China retail opportunity. Here we just talked about retirement savings. Weve talked in the past about insurance. There are number of large markets where we see a lot of white space to go.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Bill Katz of Citi. And your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the follow-up question. Just coming back to fee paying AUM for moment; seems like, I appreciate the anticipations for the outlook for the next couple of years in terms of FRE. Could you maybe just provide little bit of pathway of how you sort of see the more recent capital raising feeding at the fee-paying AUM and how that schedule may look over next six to 12 months? Number one. And then number two, I guess you mentioned sort of you are in the market now for life science and ultimately the growth equity. Is it a way to sort of broadly frame your expectation around initial fund closure sizes? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Hey, Bill, welcome back. On the first part obviously the gap today that you see between AUM, fee-paying AUM growth is are these large funds weve raised that are yet to be lit up. So as you see BCP fund, the BREP Global fund, BREP Europe, et cetera light up as I mentioned in the course of the second half of the year into early next year, you'll see those aligned. Therell obviously be other things going on that may lead to diversions or conversions, but that's really the big drivers. You need to wait for those things to happen.
Bill Katz: Growth equity.
Jonathan Gray: Yes. I think it's a little early on growth equity and life sciences. What I can say is Clarus earlier vintage fund was $1 billion, I think were pretty confident that it will be multiples of that given the scale of the opportunity we see in that marketplace and the team they've got there and they had really been constrained not by opportunities but by access to capital and becoming part of Blackstone. I think will help them write much larger checks, because well be able to raise capital and some of the deal flow has picked up a bit. So I think in both of these areas theres an opportunity to grow. Certainly, early funds is a certain size, but even much larger over time.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Brian Vidal of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian Vidal: Great. Thanks very much. That was actually my question, but maybe just a follow-up on that Michael to get the $74 for 2020, is that your assessment of what you have raised thats not yet fee-paying and what you have in the pipeline that you know right now that you think you will be raising to get to that? And does that include the $70. Does that include the expectation for the life sciences and growth equity?
Michael Chae: Hey Brian. So, the better than $70 that I mentioned was  as I said really a reaffirmation of same target that we articulated on Investor Day last September and with the passage of six or seven months and the fundraising progress, our message is, our confidence is even higher and our visibility is higher. So that takes into account the views on fundraising, where we see the rest of our business including life sciences going. But obviously we can -- visibility and even greater way just placed on things that are more or less in the bag like the fundraising thats already occurred.
Brian Vidal: Right. Thats clear. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the last question comes fro the line of Devin Ryan of JMP. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: All right. Great. Good morning. Getting in a little late here, but just one of the follow-up with one on the conversion; I think the dilution was little bit less and some people were thinking its a good to see there. And I know there are a lot of considerations to the decision. But I'm curious how the political backdrop played in if at all? Meaning, if corporate tax rates were to at some point in the future move higher under different administration and hopefully that doesnt happen, but at what point of kind of statutory rate. What was just the right decision? Or would this have been the right decision? And just thinking about to the extent that scenario will happen to kind of what grandfather benefits you gave up and if you would ever make sense to go back. So I dont want to go there, but just curious since it's kind of the other side a lot of questioning?
Michael Chae: So, Devin, I think its pretty simple for us. We manage for the long term and this is definitely the right long-term decision for our shareholders in our view and its one that stands up in different scenarios political and otherwise. Even at higher corporate rates that are talked about or have been contemplated in and obviously that requires a particular political scenario to happen or not happen, still the right decision. And so lets say, at a 25% to 28% range of corporate rates versus the current 21, the additional dilution certainly over the medium term its only about 1% or 2% per year versus what we said. And in that scenario not to get too far ahead of ourselves, lot of people would say, higher individual taxes are likely to accompany higher corporate rates which cuts the opposite way and could in fact offset the dilutive impact on an after-tax basis at the shareholder level for say U.S. taxable shareholders. So -- but the bottom line is we feel great about this and were committed to this decision.
Devin Ryan: Great. Thank you and congratulations.
Michael Chae: Thank you.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thank you.
Operator: Ill now hand it over to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and please follow up after the call with any questions.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello everyone and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Investor Conference Call. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen-only, and if you require assistance at any time, please key star, zero on your telephone and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Now Id like to hand you over to our host for today, Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Weston.
Weston Tucker: Great, thanks Sara, and good morning and welcome to Blackstones fourth quarter conference call. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures, and youll find reconciliations in the press release and on the Shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone funds. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. A quick recap of our results. We reported a GAAP net loss of $79 million for the fourth quarter and net income of $3.3 billion for the full year. Distributable earnings were $722 million for the quarter or $0.57 per common share and $2.17 per share for the year. We declared a distribution of $0.58 to be paid to holders of record as of February 11, and that includes the $0.10 special distribution announced previously, bringing the total distribution to $2.15 per common share with respect to 2018. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. As everybody knows, the fourth quarter was an extremely difficult period for markets and for most participants in the financial community. Risk assets declined sharply across the board, including a 14% decline for the S&P, while volatility spiked. For the full year and for the first time in at least 15 years, every major traditional asset class had negative real returns after adjusting for inflation. Against that background, Blackstones funds preserved capital in the quarter - hard to believe, and for the full year dramatically outperformed market indices in almost every area. For example, our corporate private equity and real estate funds delivered positive appreciation of 10% to 19% for the year compared to equity indices which declined anywhere from 4% to 17%. This 14% to 23% outperformance, or even more in some cases, in 2018 is remarkable compared to index funds or long-only managers, as is the preservation of capital in the fourth quarter overall for the firm. It highlights our ability to intervene in our investments and the enormous advantages of having long term capital. We are never forced sellers and have over $100 billion in dry powder capital to take advantage of dislocations whenever they appear. Blackstones highly differentiated investment performance is why our limited partners continue to entrust us with more and more of their capital to manage. In the midst of the financial hurricane that was the fourth quarter, our gross inflows reached $40 billion, our second-best ever. This is a stark contrast to traditional money management, where most firms saw net outflows and declining AUM, and these underlying trends are widely expected to continue. A recent survey of institutional investors found that nearly half are planning to further increase exposure to private market alternatives. Blackstone is, today more than ever, the reference institution in the alternative space, and we continue to build further on our leadership position both in our existing businesses and by successfully entering new areas. A few weeks ago, we proudly announced the launch of our dedicated growth equity platform which will provide capital to companies during the phase between venture funding and traditional [indiscernible]. We identified a great leader in Jon Korngold, a renowned investor in this space, and like all new businesses at Blackstone, we expect this platform to make our other businesses even better. In another of our new areas, infrastructure, were extremely pleased to report two major positive developments. First, our fund has reached approximately $7 billion in size, giving us significant firepower to pursue large, unique transactions. Second and most importantly, we signed the funds first two deals this week, both involving very large equity checks. The first is a controlling interest in Tallgrass, the owner of an extensive and vital network of U.S. midstream assets, and the second is in the transportation sector, which well provide further details on when it closes in a few months. Together, these two investments should provide additional momentum for a business we believe will ultimately become one of the largest infrastructure platforms in the world. In addition to growth equity and infrastructure, we have many other exciting things going on across the firm, including in insurance and life sciences. Well have more to share with you over coming quarters on these businesses. The expanding reach of Blackstones global platform provides more ways for us to find and create value for our LPs. It also provides us great insights from which to learn. Looking at the world today, we remain constructive on the U.S. economy despite what will be slower growth in 2019 compared to 2018. Employment trends remain strong. The consumer is healthy, and there are no visible signs of a recession, which was the vogue to be talking about in the fourth quarter, which we believe is wrong. Some regions of the world, like Europe and China, are facing headwinds, including from Brexit and trade issues. Policymakers in those regions are now dealing with the question of how to adjust monetary and fiscal policy to encourage growth. With respect to China and trade, there are a number of complex issues that need to be addressed. This week, well learn more about the state of the negotiations, which are finishing today. I continue to believe that both sides want to see and will work towards a resolution, although there can be no assurance well reach one, and it may well be achieved at the last minute. With respect to Europe and Brexit, the outcome is very difficult to predict. Fortunately, the vast majority of people involved seem to have a genuine desire to avoid a hard Brexit which is important to achieve a better outcome. In closing, as I look out over the next several years, I envision excellent prospects for the firm and our investors. We have the confidence of our LPs and the flexibility to navigate any environment. As the firm continues to grow, well continue to operate as we always have, focused on generating exceptional long-term performance in every one of our funds. With that, Im happy to turn things over to Jon.
Jonathan Gray: Thank you, Steve, and good morning everyone. Despite a challenging quarter for markets, Blackstone advanced against all aspects of the road map we outlined at our investor day in September. Our message was about strong investment performance driving innovation and significant fundraising, leading to a powerful upswing in the growth and quality of our earnings. Weve now launched the fundraising for four flagship strategies with tremendous early success. Our confidence in hitting our targets for those strategies is even greater today than it was in September, despite the market volatility. Gross inflows reached $39 billion in the quarter and were just over $100 billion for both 2017 and 2018, a pace we expect to exceed in 2019. In real estate as of today, weve closed on $17.3 billion for our new global opportunistic fund. This comprises the institutional fund raise for this over-subscribed vehicle, and we expect to hit the $20 billion cap with retail investor closings over the balance of the year. In corporate private equity, we expect our new fund to exceed $20 billion in size with the vast majority raised in the first close in the next few months. Along with nearly $10 billion for each of our opportunistic European real estate and PE secondaries funds, we expect to exceed $60 billion from these four flagship funds collectively, largely by the end of the year. This compares to $50 billion raised in their prior vintage, and demand in the market exceeds the capacity limitations weve placed on them. In addition to draw down funds, our perpetual capital continues to grow with $73 billion of AUM across 13 funds. This is an important trend in our business, resulting in greater quality and predictability of earnings. Our real estate core plus platform, which is almost entirely perpetual capital, has grown to $35 billion in just five years, including another $2.5 billion of inflows in the fourth quarter. Our non-traded REIT, B REIT has been on average raising more than $250 million per month. Our ability to raise scale capital through turbulent markets speaks to the strength of our LP relationships and the trust weve built with them over decades. The key is to deliver differentiated investment performance, which we did again in the fourth quarter and full year 2018. The corporate private equity funds had a standout year, appreciating 19% notwithstanding some reversal in the fourth quarter due to the downdraft in public markets. Our secondaries business was also up 19% for the full year which tac opps was up 12%. In real estate, our opportunistic funds appreciated 10% for the year and about 1% in the fourth quarter compared to a 7% decline for the public REIT index. Core plus rose 11% for the year and 2% for the quarter. Our portfolio companies are reporting steady growth, reflective of the healthy operating backdrop that Steve described. We also dont own the market and benefit from not having many companies heavily dependent on global trade. In real estate, we continue to see particular strength in tech-driven office, global logistics, U.S. rental housing, and in India. In our hedge fund solutions business, BAAMs BPS composite was up 2% gross for the full year with the S&P total return index down 4% over the same period, the MSCI World index down nearly 10%, and high yield down 2%. BAAMs positive performance is why we continue to see net inflows. At GSO, our performing credit strategy finished the year up 9% gross while distressed credit declined 3%, due primarily to unrealized marks in the quarter on certain public and upstream energy positions. We continue to feel quite good about our portfolio overall. Despite investor concerns around the leveraged loan market in particular, we havent seen a deterioration in the credit quality of our holdings, and our default rates remain close to zero. Turning to investing, we deployed an active $16 billion in the quarter and $45 billion for the year. We closed three large previously announced investments involving public companies in the quarter, including the former Thomson Reuters Refinitiv business to Gramercy Industrial REIT and a Spanish multifamily REIT. Scale continues to be our competitive advantage and reduced valuations in the public markets could lead to more large privatizations. With pricing for risk assets down meaningfully over the past six months, its a more interesting time to deploy capital globally. Over the past year, weve been speaking regularly about increasing the growth orientation of the firm, including doing more in Asia and adding to our capabilities in areas like life sciences and technology. We stress the importance of these capabilities given the rapid pace of technological disruption across the global economy, and were quite pleased with the progress weve made towards this objective. First with respect to Asia, we now have three dedicated funds in the region, including nearly $10 billion of opportunistic capital in BREP and BCP, plus our new open-ended real estate core plus vehicle in Asia. Even with slower growth in China, Asia represents two-thirds of global growth, and we expect the region will comprise a greater percentage of our deal flow over time. Second in life sciences, we completed the acquisition of Clarus in the quarter and are now expanding the team with a plan to launch the first dedicated Blackstone life sciences vehicle later this year. Third, as Steve mentioned, weve launched a new growth equity platform and were very excited about the prospects for this business. Innovation and growth continue to be hallmarks of our firm. In closing, the firm is in terrific shape by any measure. We continue to deliver for our LPs across all of our businesses and successfully expand into new ones. Investor confidence in Blackstone has never been higher. At the firm level, this translates into strong growth, more stable fee streams, and solid distributions for our shareholders. With that, Ill turn it over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks Jon. Ill focus my remarks this morning on the key operating and financial highlights from the year, as well as the outlook. Total AUM increased 9% year over year to new record levels through the combination of $101 billion of gross inflows during the year and $14 billion of market appreciation, despite $34 billion of realizations. Inflows were broad-based across the firm: $31 billion in real estate, $30 billion in credit, $27 billion in private equity, and $13 billion in BAAM. These totals were records for real estate as well as BAAM, and as youve heard so far this morning, our extraordinary fundraising momentum continues unabated in 2019. Excluding the effect of the monetization of our prior direct lending business in the second quarter, total AUM was up 14% year over year. Management fee revenue rose 10% to $3 billion for the year, another firm record, with positive growth in every segment. Fee-related earnings increased 9% to $1.5 billion or $1.21 per share. For the full year, FRE margin expanded nearly 100 basis points to 46.1%, the highest full-year level ever and is up more than 400 basis points over the past three years. For the fourth quarter, FRE increased 23% to $433 million. On last quarters call, I discussed some of the variables that can affect quarter-over-quarter comparisons, including the timing of intra-year compensation accruals. As such, its more meaningful to look at full-year trends versus any given quarter. Overall, 2018 represented the firms most profitable year to date on a fee basis notwithstanding the direct lending sale, and our trajectory is strong. Ill discuss the outlook more specifically in a moment. Distributable earnings were $722 million for the fourth quarter or $0.57 per share, and $2.7 billion for the full year. Although the year-over-year DE comparisons are skewed by the sale of our European logistics platform at a significant gain in last years fourth quarter, these are strong results underpinned by record FRE and continued healthy realization activity, and indeed notwithstanding the external market turbulence in the fourth quarter, it was our third straight quarter of total DE in the $700 million-plus area. In corporate private equity and real estate, realizations were completed at an aggregate multiple of invested capital of over two times, in line with the consistent historical performance of those platforms over the past 30-plus years. Net of the holdback and including the final installment of our previously announced special distribution, the total distribution to common shareholders was $0.58 per share for the fourth quarter and $2.15 for 2018. At our current share price, this implies a 6.5% annual yield, continuing to make us one of the two highest yielding stocks of the 150 largest U.S. public companies. As announced last week, weve simplified the presentation of our results by highlighting distributable earnings as our primary non-GAAP earnings metric. DE fundamentally and simply reflects fee-related earnings plus net realizations, and focusing on these metrics better aligns the presentation of our financials with how we manage the business. The change is consistent with similar actions taken by our peers and so far we have received uniformly positive feedback from both investors and analysts. We will continue to convey unrealized earnings accruals through our balance sheet net performance revenue receivable. We ended the year with a receivable of $3.5 billion, up 5% year over year with positive performance revenues throughout the year, more than offsetting the $1.3 billion that was distributed to shareholders; in other words, the value we created during a highly volatile and negative year for markets more than replenished the firms store value while simultaneously delivering another year of strong dividends for shareholders. The receivable declined modestly quarter over quarter from a reduction of $200 million related to unrealized marks plus $300 million of net realized distributions. Overall, our active deployment pace and appreciation have driven invested performance revenue eligible AUM to a record $210 billion, up 20% over the past two years. At the same time, our dry powder balance has grown to a record $113 billion and will likely expand even further. Taken together, we are extraordinary well positioned to build long-term value for the firm. Moving to the FRE outlook, as Jon referenced, in 2019 we are putting in place from a fundraising and fund launch standpoint the platform for the significant step-up in FRE in 2020 that we highlighted at investor day. Three of the four flagship funds - corporate private equity, global real estate, and European real estate - are expected to launch investment periods throughout the course of 2019 and early 2020, the exact timing of which depends on the deployment pace of the predecessor funds, and each are then subject to four-month fee holidays for first closers; therefore, the bulk of the positive FRE impact from these funds should materialize in 2020. Our new PE secondaries fund, however, is expected to launch sooner, likely in the next few months, and does not have a fee holiday. As for the shape of 2019, the first quarter will be the final quarter of lapping our previous direct lending business. After this, we expect FRE growth more in line with our historical double-digit rate for the balance of the year. Overall in summary, we continue to see a clear path to achieve our targets from investor day. Finally with respect to returning capital to our shareholders, during the quarter we accelerated our pace of share repurchases, buying an additional 8 million shares in the open market. This brings us to $16 million shares repurchased in 2018 and a flat share count over this period, zero dilution to shareholders even while the firm continues to aggressively expand into new areas and sustains a double-digit underlying rate of AUM growth. Combined with our regular and special cash distributions, we returned $1 billion to shareholders with respect to the fourth quarter along for the second consecutive quarter and $3.3 billion for the year. In closing, as Steve and Jon conveyed, we enter 2019 with significant momentum and have great optimism for what the firm will achieve in the years ahead. We are exceptionally well positioned to continue delivering for our LPs and shareholders alike. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for your questions.
Weston Tucker: Sara, if I could just for a moment, if we could ask all the analysts to please limit their first question just to one question and if you have additional questions, to get back in the queue. We just have a long queue here. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, youre live in call, Alex.
Alex Blostein: Great, thank you. Good morning everybody. First question just around the marks in the first quarter. I was hoping you could unpack a little bit of what we saw - obviously a challenging quarter, but Im really trying to get a sense of what the public marks were versus the private marks by segment, whether or not youve made any modeling adjustments of any of that kind of growth or discount rates on the private side of things, and obviously given the fact that weve recouped a lot of the lost ground here in the first quarter, I was wondering if you could provide any sort of early read on Q1 marks, at least on the public side.
Michael Chae: Sure Alex, this is Michael. Ill take those very good questions maybe in reverse order. First of all on the January rebound from the fourth quarter markets, we have experienced that in our portfolio as well, and if you think about the declines in the market values of our public holdings across private equity and real estate in the fourth quarter, weve retraced in aggregate about half, a little over half of that just in the first few weeks of January, and obviously for individuals names it varies and for some, including one or two of our biggest positions, weve more than retraced. Youre seeing that overall, and youre seeing that with us. I think in terms of the approach to valuations, obviously our methodology and rigorous approach remains very consistent. We have a comprehensive, rigorous process, multiple stages of review internally, multiple outside firms to provide vetting and assurance and so forth. Our private investments are valued based on long-term discounted cash flows. The projection of those cash flows, we obviously update every quarter with our management teams based on the best information, were grounded in reality, and they also reflect the detailed operating plans that we as control investors are executing for the business or the asset. As a result of this careful approach, and its been over many years, you really see two things. First in the short term, our valuations dont tend to overshoot on the upside and the downside, dont whip around with the stock market, and second, the proof is in the pudding. The average--as weve talked about periodically, the average historical uplift to our prior mark when weve sold a private asset and private equity in real estate historically has been in the 20% to 30%-plus range, so its not necessarily the intent but the result of this approach I just described over the long term has been on its face conservatism. In terms of just disaggregating, as you know, we dont precisely disaggregate externally the publics versus privates. Jon mentioned this - for our private equity business for GSOs distressed cluster, which are probably what youre focused on for sure, our public portfolio, and also as Jon said, to some degree our upstream energy portfolio were definitely the biggest headwinds for those portfolios in the fourth quarter, but we feel--I just talked about the retracing on the public side overall, and we feel good about our energy portfolio as well in both businesses, and thats evidenced by the long term track record in both businesses in energy, and its evidenced by the success were having in fundraising in both areas currently.
Jonathan Gray: I might also mention that the EBITDA of our companies continues to grow in the high single digits, so we are accruing value and paying off debt and building long-term value for our shareholders.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bob Lee, KBW. Please go ahead, Bob.
Bob Lee: Great, thank you. I guess my question would be on the--you hinted at it, but on the life sciences and growth equity platforms. Understanding you closed the acquisition and hired a leader for growth equity, but can you give us a sense on how youre thinking--you know, usually in the past you kind of ramp up new businesses reasonably quickly, so how should we think about your current plans for when you think you literally will be out fundraising, kind of first strategies in these newer platforms?
Jonathan Gray: Sure - this is Jon. I would say on life sciences, weve got an existing business in Clarus thats already managing funds today. The fundraising there is really a function of how quickly they deploy their capital and theyve had great success, and frankly since the announcement of affiliating with Blackstone, the deal flow theyre seeing has gone up significantly. I think its reaffirming our instinct, which is this is a large scale market. Traditionally, there hasnt been a lot of private capital for things like phase 3 trials, so Id say our optimism about that business and the prospects for it keeps going up. I said in my remarks, we expect to raise money this year. Its hard to put an exact time frame because its a function of how quickly they deploy capital, but we think there we have an existing team and organization, were adding to it, and we expect to be in the market this year. Too soon to say size and so forth. On growth equity, Steve talked about Jon Korngold, who were very excited about joining us. He hasnt yet come here. Its hard to start the business just yet, so give us a little bit of time on that one. But again, the investor response to Blackstone moving into both of these spaces has been extraordinarily positive. What theyre hoping to see and I think expect to see is the kind of disciplined investing we bring, downside orientation even in these higher growth areas, and so putting together great teams, merging them with Blackstone people, our process, raising scale capital, I think this resonates quite well with our investors and we have a lot of confidence in both areas.
Bob Lee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the taking the question. I just wanted to come back on Asia - you guys mentioned that you want to do more there. Hoping you could talk about that a bit more in terms of your goals and aspirations for your business in Asia, how you see the business expanding, how big a part of the franchise could this look in five years, what that might look like, and then also maybe touch upon some of the challenges that you face with building out Asia.
Jonathan Gray: Well look, if you just consider the size of Asia, today I think its a third of the global economy and, as I mentioned, two-thirds of global growth. For most of investors, particularly in the alternative space, it represents a very small percentage. We think that will grow as those economies grow and they mature, and so raising our second real estate private equity fund in the region was very good news, raising dedicated capital in private equity itself for the first time in 2018 - big, an open-ended core fund, also significant. We hired a senior partner in Japan for us in private equity. I was in Asia two weeks ago and I would tell you, Japan is a market that I think will continue to open up and be more receptive to foreign capital. China, obviously a lot of discussion around the slowdown, but it is still a very large economy, growing at, call it 6%-plus, and we think the investment opportunities in that market will grow. Weve probably been most active as a firm in India, where weve seen really strong demand for office buildings and companies in the tech space, in the BPO area as well. Were seeing tremendous demand there and weve had great returns in India, and thats market starting off a very low base that now has a much more pro-growth oriented government. So you just look at the aggregate size of people, the economic activity in the region, and the limited footprint of alternatives, and all of that points to opportunity, and we have--you know, I did a town hall with everybody a couple weeks ago when I was there, we now have 300 people on the ground across six different offices. For most firms, its very expensive to set up a business. Weve been operating there for some time, weve got a lot of great people. Its hard to put exact numbers and percentages, but I just think well raise more capital in the region, well expand our footprint. When you talk about something like growth equity, China is a leader in a lot of that as well - I would expect well have some exposure there over time. I just think in all of our businesses, well do more in Asia. It will take time, well be disciplined. Obviously there are challenges, in some cases around currency, some emerging markets rule of law, liquidity; but overall I think as global investors, you want to have a bigger footprint and it makes you a better firm, so were focused there.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citigroup. Please go ahead, Bill.
Bill Katz: Yes, thank you very much for taking the question this morning. A two-part question, if I could sneak it in. Michael, just in terms of the way you see tempo for FRE in 2019 to 2020, wonder if you could overlay maybe the margin outlook against that given what looks to be a particularly strong fourth quarter. Then unrelatedly, one of the biggest questions we get is the outlook within private credit. What are you hearing from LPs, just given the fourth quarter volatility, around appetite for that segment? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Sure Bill, Ill take the first one. On the outlook on margin, I think I mentioned at investor day, weve talked about it before, that if you look over the last decade, almost nearly a decade, on average weve expanded margins about 100 basis points a year, but it doesnt happen every year and it happens in different quantums, so I think the level we produced for 2018, I think you can consider that basically a good baseline for at least the next 12 months, and obviously there might be variations along the way. But I think from your perspective, thats a good way to think about it. I think obviously the margin experience that you saw this year and over time, it reflects the very good top line growth of our business and, I think, a good disciplined approach to cost management in a growing business, and that results in the operating leverage that weve exhibited.
Jonathan Gray: On private credit, I would say we continue to see favorable reaction from our investors. You can see it in the inflow numbers. I think investors obviously looked at what happened in the fourth quarter, but the underlying credit factors still look pretty good, particularly here in the U.S. Theres been a lot of focus in the media around the leveraged loan market in particular, and yet when you look at that market defaults are less than half of historic levels and interest coverage is the highest its been since the crisis. Thats even with obviously LIBOR moving up, which reflects the strength, the revenue and EBITDA growth of companies in the leveraged loan market who are borrowers. To us and to our investors, we tend to look at those underlying factors as opposed to the short term volatility and technical flows in markets. The other thing I would point to is if you think the U.S. economy is not heading into a recession, these businesses will continue to grow their cash flows, so we have a more positive stance on credit in the U.S. and particularly in private markets, where you get a very healthy premium. Thats true really in the U.S. and Europe, and our investors are responding to that. I know its a big headline, but again the facts are still very good on credit.
Tony James: Its Tony. I might mention too that weve got a new line of business which is private investment grade credit, and we started that up in the last 15 months and weve sourced a lot of proprietary merchandise and we have immense demand for that.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, good morning. Just given that we have not had an announcement on the C-corp conversion yet, Im just wondering if you guys are leaning more towards not converting at this point. Also, just given that we had high volatility in 4Q, Im wondering if that had any impact on the potential decision, because it may have overshadowed or even muted the announcement.
Michael Chae: Hey Craig, its Michael. We would not have you or anyone else read into it one way or the other. Our perspective and our message remains consistent - we continue to consider it actively. As weve said before, were not in a rush. Its a decision you make once. We have not yet publicly or internally put a timetable on ourselves, a strict timetable. To your last comment, its also fair to say that the extreme volatility in the public markets in the fourth quarter didnt lend itself to discerning high quality signals as well. I think thats fair to say, but that maybe goes back to why not having put a strict timetable on ourselves made sense.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, Glenn.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. A follow-up on the credit discussion. We all saw how brutal the markets were, but I wonder if you could help put the distressed performance in the right context, what the right benchmark we should be thinking about, whats realized versus just wider spreads in the quarter, and particularly I heard your overall comments on no deterioration in holding default rates close to zero, so how much January improved and what we should look for in terms of capital raising in 2019 in credit.
Jonathan Gray: In distressed particularly, there we have some public equity exposure and, as we referenced, a bit of upstream exposure, and obviously there was more volatility in those areas. We still feel good about our distressed portfolio and wed be hopeful that as markets calm here a bit, youll see better performance, wed expect, out of our distressed portfolio. Overall credit, I dont know if wed put a number against it. What I will say in the direct lending area, where we had exited our venture with Franklin Square and received a large payment, were now rebuilding that business and have pretty good momentum around that, and Michael may be able to put some numbers on that, but I would just say we have very positive momentum in credit. We expect to see nice inflows in 2019.
Michael Chae: To that point, just to add on to what Jon said, great progress on direct lending, and were kind of midstream. We ended the year with about $4.4 billion of firepower in that area from our fundraising efforts, both institutional and retail, and we are continuing those into 2019 and would hope to, in two or three quarters time, even approach something like $10 billion of available capital to invest in that area. We have gone to work on investing. In 2018 in the last couple quarters, we invested or committed just under $2 billion of capital in that strategy, 17 different deals, so we have great momentum there. Elsewhere in credit in terms of the fundraising outlook, were firing on a lot of cylinders, so in addition to direct lending we continue to fundraise, as I briefly alluded to, in our energy fund with very good momentum. Our European direct lending fund were focused on as well. In our long-only area, the CLO market is open again for issuance - Im not sure it ever really closed, so across the board I think we feel very good about the inflow prospects for the GSO and credit area.
Glenn Schorr: All right, excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Please go ahead, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Great, good morning. A question on infrastructure - great to see some capital starting to be deployed there. Wanted to just get an update on the characteristics of the types of investments youre looking at now, what subsectors, what does the size of the pipeline look like, and now that youre starting to put some money to work, how should we think about the pace of fundraising? Should we think that it will accelerate from where its been?
Jonathan Gray: Well, we were obviously very pleased to make the announcement Steve did on the call, which is that weve grown the size of the fund now to approximately $7 billion and have signed up two very large transactions, and weve been busily working on this business, bringing together an outstanding team under the leadership of Sean Klimczak. Weve hired a bunch of great people, moved other talented people from across the firm. We have, I would say, a very active pipeline of deals. These deals are larger and take some longer time to gestate than typical real estate or private equity deals, and were having, I think, a very positive response from investors, particularly I think we will now, as we start to deploy capital, investors see what were doing. In terms of the types of things well be doing, in terms of areas I would say you saw a midstream deal, Steve mentioned something in the transportation space, telecom, infrastructure, renewables - all the typical things you associate with infrastructure, were going to be looking at, have been looking at. The other thing that I think will be the calling card of the business will be its scale, and todays example, the announcement on Tallgrass is an example of that, that we think our competitive advantage is being able to do very large transactions in this long duration, open-ended vehicle which allows us to hold these assets for a long period of time, manage them, invest them, make them very steady, both capital appreciation and income producing assets, so being a real scale player is something youre going to continue to see from us in infrastructure, and as a result I dont want to talk about timing, but weve said it consistently here this will grow to be a very large business at Blackstone. The investment discipline and process around this has been excellent, the team is excellent, and its a very large investable segment, particularly in the U.S. just given the need for capital and infrastructure. Were feeling quite good about this business, and today was a very big day for our infrastructure business.
Devin Ryan: Absolutely. Appreciate the update.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous. Please go ahead, Patrick.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning, thank you. I think this is the first time youve so specifically called out hitting an institutional cap and then filling the rest of a fund with retail. Could you update us on that tension, in particular wondering how you manage the potential disappointment of those institutional clients that might be left out or get a lower allocation so you can accommodate retail?
Jonathan Gray: Yes, well its a great question. Its obviously something we spend a lot of time on. Our client relations are critical to the success of our business. Its why we focus on returns, but youre right - when you have funds that are highly sought after and you have caps, you try to manage that as effectively as possible as early as possible in the process. That of course has encouraged investors to move more quickly. I think one of the reasons you see these big closes early in Blackstone funds is investors recognize at times the scarcity issue. We obviously give a preference to existing investors in our funds who are doing re-ups, but we also have retail investors who have been consistently been investing and are doing so more and more over time. So yes, in virtually all of our funds, what we do - and this has been a historic practice - is really focus on an institutional fundraise and then allocate a portion of capital to retail.
Joan Solotar: Yes, and I would just add our promise to our distribution partners is that they are in fact partners, and were not giving them any kind of adverse selection, meaning that well only distribute what doesnt sell - that would be a bad outcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier from Bank of America. Please go ahead, Michael.
Michael Carrier: Thanks and good morning. Michael, given the shift from E&I to D, the FRE outlook you provided was helpful, but in terms of realizations, can you provide maybe some context if theres anything notable in the near term, and then more importantly just over the longer term, how should we think about it versus the past based on the level of the net accrued receivable portfolio age and then rising longer dated products that have more recurring carry at this point?
Michael Chae: Sure, Mike. I think in terms of the near term outlook, as we usually do, we entered the quarter with certain private sales under contract, and so thats the case here. In terms of the realization dynamics, when you step back and you look at that accrued carry receivable, basically over time, its obviously lumpy but on average in those past four or five years, that amount - obviously not necessarily specific deals - but that amount has generally been realized over about a two-year time period, plus or minus. That again could ebb and flow, but thats been actually pretty consistent over time, plus or minus a half year. The age of it right now is not dissimilar from historical, maybe a little bit younger than four or five years ago, and in terms of the long-dated capital, theres definitely, you know, in terms of our fair market value overall, some shift structurally from opportunistic to the longer dated core oriented strategies, although Id say in terms of the receivable itself, which obviously reflects the carry value, not the gross fair market value, you have the data and it continues to be--you know, the very chunkiest part is from those opportunistic funds.
Michael Carrier: Right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Gerry OHara from Jefferies. Please go ahead, Gerry.
Gerry OHara: Great, thanks. Maybe a different angle on capacity. Obviously some pretty material funds coming through the pipeline, so perhaps you could discuss a little of the framework for how you size these strategies, any limitations you might put on it to derive the caps, and I suppose obviously a little bit of the confidence that you have in the deployment outlook. Im kind of looking at the flagship funds at this point - we get a lot of commentary, as you might imagine, about somewhat larger, X-percent larger than the predecessor fund, but perhaps something a little bit more granular would be helpful for us. Thank you.
Jonathan Gray: Well, Id start by saying in private markets, which is very different than public markets, scale is an advantage, so when GE sold its $20 billion real estate portfolio, our ability to write a single check - very helpful. When Thomson Reuters wants to do a $20 billion transaction around their data business, our ability to write a single check and having size matters, and thats been the story of this firm for a long time and it continues to be the case today. That being said, if you look at our funds typically, their size is growing. You know, we said the $50 billion is going to be at least $60 billion, something like that, so call it 20% on funds that are four or five years old, youre growing 3%, 4% a year size. Markets have actually grown much more than that, so were very disciplined because for us, the most important thing is the track record. If we disappoint the investors who give us capital, theyre much less likely to give us money going forward, so we think size is an advantage. On the other hand, we dont want to raise too much capital which we cant deploy prudently. Our history has been over 30 years that weve made that call in the right way, and we get this question, I would say, in almost every fund we raise and weve been pretty disciplined. The growth in AUM of the firm, yes, its been partially because traditional funds have grown, but its been more in the way the business has grown, the movement into core private equity or opportunistic real estate Europe, or some of the different products in GSO and BAAM and so forth, the movement in tac opps and secondaries. We see a bunch of different areas where we can continue to expand. Now, we obviously also have these more perpetual capital vehicles, so we have infrastructure, we have the direct lending business, and we have this very large and rapidly growing core-plus real estate business. Those raise money on a regular quarterly basis and do not have caps, but of course return targets are lower and they have a different liquidity profile. But for our mainline businesses, Id say a lot of discipline around the size we raise, but also recognizing scale is an advantage.
Gerry OHara: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Chris Shutler from William Blair. Please go ahead, Chris.
Chris Shutler: Thank you, good morning. In the hedge fund business, the performance was down in the quarter - not surprising, but I think about 300 basis points above some of the broad hedge fund indices. I know risk control has always been a hallmark of that business, but can you provide a little more detail around the key reasons for the outperformance in that area, not just in the quarter but more broadly over the long term, how much is exposures, how much of it is how you structure the relationships, etc.?
Jonathan Gray: Yes. I think the BAAM team has done an outstanding job preserving capital and investing in an uncorrelated way. They recognize their investors are giving us capital there to protect it but also have it in a liquid format, and their movement away from just traditional long-short equities or vent in some of the activist strategies and a little bit more towards, Ill call it some of the more quantitative strategies, and then quite a bit in more structured credit has been a very smart pivot, and theyve done that now for a number of years, I would say sort of behind the curtain, and the benefit shows up when the tide goes out. Thats clearly the case for BAAM, and on top of that of course, theyve started to move into these other strategies like the stakes business, which gives them, I think, some additional avenues of growth. For our investors around the world today who are saying, Im very nervous, I want to be protected but I need some of my portfolio in a liquid area, BAAM is proving to be an excellent solution.
Michael Chae: Id just add to that, in December for example, we were down in our fund of funds about 1% at a time when the markets overall, the stock market was down 9%, so that is a commercial for what we do in terms of protecting capital. Id just add to what Jon said, and it picks up on his earlier point about scale, in BAAM as well scale is a huge advantage. It gives us two things, I think: one, the best information into what strategies are working, what managers are working; and second, access to the best managers for whom we can design--obviously make scale allocations, which matter to them, and often for our clients we can design actually bespoke customized strategies not available widely to investors in those hedge funds. I would just add those factors to the explanation of our outperformance.
Jonathan Gray: And the most advantageous fee structures also comes with scale.
Chris Shutler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Now Id like to hand the call back to Weston Tucker for closing comments.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us today, and please reach out after the call with any questions.
Operator: Thank you, Weston. That concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thanks for joining, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome everyone to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2018 Investor Call. [Operator Instructions] I now would like to hand over to Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Matthew. And good morning, and welcome to Blackstones third quarter conference call. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report early next month. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures and youll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of 949 million for the quarter. Economic net income or ENI per share increased 12% year-over-year to $0.76. Distributable earnings per common share also increased, up 21% to $0.63. We declared a distribution of $0.64 to be paid to holders of record as of October 29, and that includes a $0.10 special distribution announced previously. With that, Ill turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you, Weston and thank you everyone else for joining our call. Blackstone reported excellent results for the third quarter, characterized by strong growth in our key financial metrics as well as industry record assets under management and inflows for the last 12 months. Jon and Michael will review our results in more detail, but as we highlighted a few weeks ago, at our Investor Day in New York, our firm has never been stronger or the outlook more promising. We continue to execute on our mission to be the best in the world at what we do, which is to deliver outstanding returns to our limited partner investors across an ever expanding array of strategies, which also translates to great results for our shareholders. When we execute on this mission consistently and over long periods of time, our LPs entrust us with more and more of their capital, including $125 billion of inflows for the past 12 months, driving total AUM up 18% to $457 billion. The market backdrop has become more turbulent recently as everyone knows, with risk assets around the world impacted by growing concerns around macro issues. These include rising interest rates in the United States, trade tensions, emerging markets weakness and geopolitical risks in Europe. Taken together, these issues add up to more uncertainty and volatility in an already complex investment environment. However, the US economy remains in great shape by nearly any measure. Growth is strong, confidence is high and there aren't any signs of the excess we saw ahead of the last down cycle. Interest rates are likely to continue moving higher, but if that happens in alignment with better growth, which we believe is likely, that should help offset some of the downward pressure on multiples. On trade, although our companies have modest direct exposure, progress has been made, including resolution on NAFTA, which has got some new name, USMCA, which we expected, but got done within two hours of the deadline. On China, trade issues have now been joined by technological and geopolitical concerns. As a result, its likely to take some time to reach agreement on each of these matters. I think it is worthwhile to briefly remind you of the benefits of long term, locked up capital in times like these. We are not forced to invest nor are we forced to sell and we do neither, unless we have a strong conviction that the asset or company will generate a good return for our investors. We're always looking around the world for interesting investment opportunities and where we can match great talent against those opportunities to build a scaled business as we go ahead. One of these new areas is Blackstone Life Sciences. We previewed this to you on Investor Day and two weeks later, we announced the acquisition of Clarus, a leading life sciences firm to jumpstart our efforts. Although this business will not initially have a material impact on our financials, it has great potential over time, given the rapid advancements in science and innovation occurring in this sector and the current lack of funding and operational resources. And we have many other promising new initiatives underway at Blackstone. As we continue to grow, our key differentiators remain our people and our culture, which were on full display at Investor Day. If you attended or watched the replay on blackstone.com, thank you for dedicating a few hours of your time to learn more about our firm. If you haven't, I highly encourage you to do so. You'll see why at Blackstone, were so optimistic about the future and why I personally believe the best is yet to come. And now, I'll turn the things over to Jon.
Jon Gray: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. I couldn't agree more with Steve about the strength of the firm and the collective optimism we share for the future. At Investor Day, we outlined a roadmap for shareholders, where robust investment performance builds investor confidence and drives Blackstone's culture of innovation. This combination accelerates earnings growth and also significantly improves earnings quality. We continue to advance against all aspects of this roadmap. Specifically, investment performance remains quite differentiated. All of our flagship strategies have beaten relevant indices over the last 12 months, just as they have over the last 30 plus years. Corporate private equity led the way in Q3 with 7.5% appreciation and over 30% for the last 12 months, while Tac Opps and our secondaries business appreciated 16% and 19% over the last 12 months respectively. In real estate, our opportunistic funds were up 3% in the quarter and 14.5% over the last 12 months. That's four times ahead of the public REIT index. Core plus real estate was up 2.7% for the quarter and 11% LTM. In GSO and BAAM, our flagship performing credit strategy and BPS composite, each delivered approximately 2% gross returns for the quarter. For the last 12 months, performance for those two areas was 10% and 6% respectively, well ahead of relevant indices. This strong performance continues to drive our fundraising results, including another huge quarter in Q3. We had over $24 billion in gross inflows for the quarter and a record 125 billion for the last 12 months, as Steve mentioned. Amongst the biggest drivers in the quarter were our latest PE energy fund, our new direct lending business and tactical opportunities. BREP, our non-traded REIT is now raising $250 million plus per month, reflecting the potential of perpetual capital in the retail channel. We also launched two more perpetual vehicles in Q3, bringing our total to 13, with the launch of real estate core plus Asia and our credit direct lending strategy. Total perpetual capital across the firm has grown to $68 billion. Over time, these vehicles should improve earnings predictability, given the sticky nature of the capital and the fact that realized incentive fees don't require asset sales. At Investor Day, we described line of sight on 150 billion of potential inflows. We achieved 24 billion of those inflows this quarter and four major flagship funds, corporate PE, PE secondaries, global and European opportunistic real estate have all launched fund raising or soon will. These funds were collectively $50 billion in their last vintage. We expect all will be larger and finish fund raising in 2019. In fact, we expect the majority of capital for our newest global opportunistic real estate fund will close in the current quarter. As these flagship funds come online along with the maturation of core plus real estate, we expect a meaningful step up in fee related earnings as Michael discussed at Investor Day. Moving to investing, we had another active quarter with nearly $10 billion of deployment. Major new commitments in the quarter included a Midstream Permian investment, a large European bank and the arches underneath the Network Rail System in the UK. The last 12 months have seen a near record $48 billion of deployment, reflecting the growing scale of our platform. Post quarter end, we closed on two large public transaction, the former Thomson Reuters business, Refinitiv and Gramercy Property Trust, representing $3 billion of fee earning deployed capital. Scale continues to be our calling card. All of this investing plant seeds for future performance revenues. On the harvesting side, we realized approximately $11 billion for our investors, an active pace, reflecting a diverse number of sales across the firm. Combined with solid fee related earnings, this translated to $1 billion of capital return to shareholders in Q3 alone through dividends and share buybacks. As Steve noted, recent market volatility highlights the power of our business model. We can afford to be patient with the vast majority of our capital in long term or perpetual vehicles with an average remaining duration of 12 years. On the flip side, we can also take advantage of market dislocations with $95 billion of discretionary dry powder and more to come. One other note, some of you may have seen the announcement on Monday that Steve's making a major personal gift to MIT of $350 million to further the study of artificial intelligence. His goal is to help the US maintain competitiveness, while also ensuring the study of the human impact of AI, particularly, the potential for workforce displacement. We believe this is the single largest investment in computing and AI at any American academic institution. As always, Steve's a visionary looking forward. In closing, the firm is truly firing on all cylinders. We remain 100% committed to generating exceptional returns for our fund investors, which sustains our growth and greatly benefits our shareholders. With that, I turn things over to Michael.
Michael Chae: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. The third quarter marked a continuation of the firm's robust momentum, highlighted by strong growth in our key operating and financial metrics and substantial capital return to our shareholders. Total revenue rose 11% year-over-year to $1.8 billion, while economic net income also increased 11% to $911 million or $0.76 per share, driven by strong fund returns and a steadily growing base of AUM. AUM was propelled higher by 18% year-over-year to new record levels through the combination of $125 billion of gross inflows and $30 billion of market appreciation, even net of $44 billion of realizations over that same time period. Management fee revenue rose 13% year-over-year to $779 million on higher AUM with growth in every segment, while performance revenue and principal investment income increased 4% on a combined basis to $996 million. For the year to date period, which is more informative than a single quarter, total ENI increased 12% to $2.8 billion, our second best performance ever for the first nine months of the year. Growth in ENI for both the quarter and year to date period was led by private equity. Third quarter appreciation of 7.5% was driven by broad based strength across both the public and private portfolios, with particular strength in our energy and technology holdings. Performance revenue and economic income for the segment, both nearly tripled in the quarter to $533 million and $444 million respectively. Across the firm, the funds delivered compelling returns over the past 12 months with all flagship strategies exceeding relevant public market indices as Jon discussed. This was achieved despite a measure of FX headwinds, impacting our real estate area in particular. Excluding the impact of FX, rep appreciation in the quarter was approximately 4% versus the 3% reported. Additionally, in credit, third quarter returns were affected by a decline in the stock price of GSOs largest public position. Excluding this investment, gross returns for the performing and distressed clusters were 2.5% to 3% in the quarter and despite the unrealized decline, the investment still represents a highly successful signature deal for GSO, which has generated an attractive realized and unrealized MOIC of approximately 2 times our original $650 million basis. In aggregate, despite distributing $1.8 billion of net realized performance revenue across the firm, the accrued receivable balance increased nearly $500 million to $4 billion, up 13% year-over-year to its highest level in over three years. Turning to fee related earnings, third quarter FRE increased 1% year-over-year to $346 million and for the year to date period, increased 5% to over $1 billion. Adjusting for the monetization of our prior direct lending sub advisory business in the second quarter, underlying FRE growth continued at a healthy pace, up 10% in the quarter and 13% year-to-date, in line with our historical long term growth rate. Looking forward, Jon referenced the four major flagship funds in our near term pipeline. We expect the fund raising for all four to be completed by the end of 2019 and expect to light up those funds through the course of 2019 and into early 2020, subject to the pace of deployment in the predecessor funds. At Investor Day, we spoke about a clear path to a better than 50% increase in FRE in the next two years and 75% plus growth in approximately three years as compared to the last 12 months. The assumptions around fund sizing and timing that underlie that view remain very much intact. Moving to realizations and DE, third quarter realizations of $10.7 billion included in private equity, Ipreo and the partial monetization of Royal Resources and other energy assets and in real estate, a range of office and other asset sales in the US, Europe and Australia. These realizations were completed at an attractive aggregate multiple of 2.4 times. For those of you who tuned in to Investor Day, you heard me discuss the consistent historical performance of our corporate private equity and real estate platforms, which have both delivered a cumulative 2.2 times realized gross MOIC since inception over 30 plus years. At 2.4 times, our third quarter realizations exceeded those long term averages. These realizations helped drive a 23% year-over-year increase in distributable earnings in the quarter to $769 million or $0.63 per common share. Net of the 15% holdback and including the second installment of our previously announced special distribution, the total distribution to common shareholders was $0.64, up 45% versus the prior year. This brings the distribution for the last 12 months to $2.42 per share, equaling to a yield of nearly 7%, which remains the highest of the largest 150 public companies in the United States. In closing, with respect to returning capital to our shareholders, during the quarter, we repurchased another 6 million shares in the open market under our repurchase program at an average price of $36.40. Combined with our regular and special cash distribution, we returned a total of $1 billion to shareholders with respect to the quarter and $2.3 billion year-to-date. Going forward, we intend to continue to programmatically use our repurchase program to target zero dilution on an annual organic basis. We remain highly focused on our commitment to driving outsized returns for our shareholders. We believe there are few companies in the world with a growth profile similar to Blackstone that simultaneously sustained such a shareholder friendly approach to returning capital. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: So starting with shadow AUM, of the 95 billion in dry powder, can you provide us the level of shadow AUM that is not yet earning management fees yet, and then when these fees turn on, what would be the increase in management fees on that shadow AUM base today?
Michael Chae: Craig, well get you those numbers. In terms of -- what's not currently earning management fees, within our total AUM, Craig, it's about $52 billion. That's on our management fee eligible assets. And I think in terms of the -- just stepping back broadly, in terms of the uplift, the portion of that obviously will earn fees upon investment and a portion of that will earn fees upon activating the funds and I think rather than try to quantify that exact subset, it is all part of, over the next couple of years, the overall uplift in FRE that we've talked quite explicitly about.
Jon Gray: And those shadow AUM numbers, as we close on these funds before they start will grow.
Michael Chae: Correct. We think that dry powder number of 95 billion and this won't be surprising math. Over the next several quarters, well well exceed $100 billion by quite a bit.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible]. We've been increasingly hearing about concerns over the growth of non-bank lending space and aggressive risk taken by some players, given where we are in the rate cycle and the high levels and then beginning signs of some credit problems. So, I just want to get your perspective on the commercial lending market and maybe just specific comments on -- around like direct lending, CLOs and BDCs performance going forward?
Joan Solotar: Hi. Its Joan Solotar. So, I would say importantly, first just to start with Blackstone, because we've gotten that question, we look back at our portfolio from several years ago and across the metrics where you would see those signs. So on leverage, we're actually slightly lower on leverage today than we were. Then, we look at percentage of loans with covenants. That was 75% then, its 75% today. We've had no degradation in the rate and interest coverage is actually slightly better. And this is all direct lending. So, the focus that we have, these are middle market companies where frankly the retrenchment of the banks has left them without many alternatives and I would say, our peers who have broad credit platforms are in pretty much the same place. Now, where you have had pricing competition and degradation on underwriting has been more in firms where there's a single SMA or they're in this one line of business. All they do is direct lending and there, you have had pricing declines, but given our brand, the value that we bring, the flow that we're seeing, frankly, we really have not seen that at all.
Michael Chae: One thing to remember is, with the interest rate so much lower now than they were the last cycle, the debt -- service coverage ratios are actually much higher than they were in 07 and 08. So, absent a big recession, these credits should be fine.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: So I guess my question is and I'm getting this question from investors just around kind of the rising tensions with Saudi Arabia. I know, it's a developing story, but would love any thoughts around any potential implications on either the infrastructure fund or fund raisings or just anything else you can share with thoughts on that would be appreciated.
Steve Schwarzman: Sure. So I would start by noting like everybody, we've been concerned about what we've been reading in the last couple of weeks. That said, for us, we take a long term approach, both to our relationships and to building businesses. So, I would just say as it relates to our investors, we have relationships with them, their institutions over decades. And when we look forward, we've made commitments that often are a decade or longer. And so we think of ourselves as long term responsible stewards of capital and that's core to our business and will stay that way. Specifically, around infrastructure, what I'd say is, again, we're building for us a long term business here. We obviously started with a large anchor commitment, but just to put some framework around it, what we did was we identified an opportunity in infrastructure. That said, there's $2 trillion of capital needed in the US over time, so there is a big scale opportunity here. We should build a world class team, which we've been doing over the last really a year or so when we put in place some wonderful people, including Sean Klimczak from Blackstone. We've raised a dedicated fund at this point, with $5 billion of capital. Weve started to identify opportunities and hopefully over the next couple of quarters, we'll start to announce those and the plan then is to build this business to scale. Specifically, as it relates to our fund raising and the concerns you raise, yes, in the short term, we may get some questions, but the key thing to remember is our investors know that Blackstone is the sole GP of the capital. We have 100% discretion as to where we invest, when we invest, how we manage the assets, how we sell. And so, investors have enormous confidence in us, which is why we feel like this business is very much on the path to growing to large scale, regardless of obviously some near term challenges.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gerry O'Hara of Jefferies.
Gerry O'Hara: Maybe one on the life sciences business. Perhaps, you can elaborate a little bit on the recent announced Clarus acquisition, what you found attractive about that particular business and perhaps some color on how you plan to either scale that business or just the segment as a whole?
Steve Schwarzman: Sure. So, I'd start with -- it's very much consistent with what we've been talking about on the last few calls and in Investor Day, which is a bit of a pivot towards growth at the firm. So, we've been talking about Asia where we just closed on two new funds in private equity and real estate, over time, doing more in tacking growth equity and then here in the life science space, we feel like there's a lot of opportunity over time. Again, a bit like my infrastructure comments, the focus is on where is there a large scale opportunity. And when you look in the life science area, what we're seeing is there is a very large pipeline of drugs that it costs an awful lot of money and resources to bring them to market, particularly as they get towards the phase 3 trials later on in their process. So, we said, gosh, wouldn't it be terrific, if we had more operating capability. So, we identified the opportunity, we talked to a lot of people in the space, we found a world class organization in Clarus that has terrific people, expertise and a great track record. We also, at our firm, have a lot of expertise ourselves, given we've been one of the largest healthcare investors out there and in real estate, were the second largest owner of life science office buildings. So, scale opportunity, great people to go after this and then of course over time build this to be larger. Today, they're managing funds of roughly $1 billion in size. We think over time, given the scale of opportunity and talking with our partners at Clarus, they think we think something much larger will be attractive to the market and we think our institutional investors will respond well to this. But again, we've got a -- we have to identify an area where we think we can really deliver for investors and do it in size. That's what we're going to do here. It won't happen overnight, but I can tell you since the announcement, what's interesting is just how much our phones and their phones have been ringing. And it speaks to a lot of companies out there, particularly large pharmaceutical companies who want to do more, but are a bit constrained, either by resources, either capital or the process to bring these drugs to run the clinical trials. So, we think this partnership with Clarus is very exciting.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of lot of Mike Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Needham: Good morning. This is Mike Needham in for Mike Carrier. My question is on your fund raising and the recent strength. This quarter, it shows it continues to be really strong and the AUM targets from Investor Day imply a continuation of your growth rates. How do you think a bear market might impact your fund raising in those targets. On one hand, it seems like the demand for liquid strategies is really strong and you keep creating new products, but on the other hand, fund sizes did decline after the last recession. And I imagine, there might be some rebalancing out of all.
Jon Gray: I think that's a good question. I think if you had a sharp correction in the market, you could see a bit of a slowdown in fund raising. That's a natural response, but I think your earlier point, the most important one, which is performance and what we've seen over time at the firm is really strong performance, means, we have the ability to raise capital. I go back to some of the funds we raised, I think it was our seventh opportunistic real estate fund in 2010, 11, very difficult time to raise capital and we raised a much larger fund than our previous fund, as investors pulled back from opportunistic real estate, but allocate a lot to us, given performance. So one of the reasons we highlight on these calls, our performance, it was in Steve's comments and mine and Michael's is, that is the essence of the firm. And so I think your confidence that we'll be able to raise capital sort of regardless of environment is a result of the returns we've generated for investors. So short answer is yes, sharp declines in markets can slow fund raising, but the key thing and we're seeing this of course in long only managers who are facing more pressure, if you don't deliver differentiated performance, the money doesn't flow your way. In our case, in the near term and over the last 30 years, we've done that and we're continuing to see more inflows to Blackstone.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Lee of KBW.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually [indiscernible] on for Rob Lee. I know in the past that you've mentioned how Greater China offers a ton of opportunity for Blackstone moving forward. Given what's going on today, how do you see that impacting deal flow.
Jon Gray: So, we take a long term approach to China. It's the second largest economy in the world. I think, it's forecasted at some point over the next decade or two to be the largest economy in the world. As a result, it's a place where we should be and are deploying capital. In the near term, what's going on with some of the trade tensions can slow growth there and may make it a little more challenging, although, I would point out oftentimes when perceptions are negative, that creates interesting investment opportunities. So the stock market there has gone down a fair amount. That may create opportunities. You may have seen with us in the UK in the last, just in this last quarter, we announced a large deal in private equity and one in real estate. Obviously, we like everybody have concerns around Brexit and yet what we've seen at the same time is a lot of investors pull back. So, we are long term believers in China certainly and the current dislocation could create some opportunities, but we're aware that the economy there is slowing down in the near term.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is [indiscernible]. Thank you for taking my question. We noticed a dip in FRE margin this quarter, primarily attributed to base comp and other expenses. I understand that the FRE margin can be lumpy in any quarter, but how much of the expenses of quarter-over-quarter were attributed to new initiatives versus growth in the base business and how should we think about the margin evolving over the next few quarters.
Michael Chae: Sure. Its Michael. Its a good question. I think when you mentioned lumpiness, that's right in the short term. So, in terms of the quarter-over-quarter movement, that was primarily due to what can often happen quarter-over-quarter intra-year, which is slight movements in comp accruals. And so that was probably the biggest factor there. And then as you also mentioned, there was a slight drag from a margin standpoint in terms of the ramping of a number of our initiatives, which obviously will mature and scale in the near term. And we think adjust that margin headwind out into something closer to the historic levels. So we're in that period where -- and then the other factor of course is, we are still lapping, having Franklin Square in the business a year ago and that's a third factor. So I'd say, in the next couple of quarters, given that we exited the -- and monetized the Franklin Square business in the second quarter of this year, we'll have a couple more quarters of lapping that comparison. You'll continue to see ramping of -- in a positive way of our initiatives and we think our long term margin trajectory, as we talked about at Investor Day will continue to be a very strong one.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Allison Taylor Rudary of Oppenheimer.
Allison Taylor Rudary: Reading to the period, I think, where interest rates are top of mind for folks involved in asset classes across the board and it would be interesting to hear some of your thoughts about how your real estate business is approaching investment and portfolio management and this rate environment, both in the context of our current strong macro backdrop, but also going forward, where there might be some areas of risk and opportunity?
Jon Gray: Important question. We've talked about it on the last few calls and the good news here is we've been really focused across all our business units, talking about this in our management and operating committee, anticipating at some point here rates would turn. So if you look across the business, I think we're -- you can't be insulated completely, but I think we're about as well positioned as we could be. In our credit area, with GSO, our [indiscernible] real estate debt area, 75 plus percent of our assets are floating rate. So we actually benefit in a rising rate environment. In our BAM hedge fund area, we have a lot of significant hedges in place, anticipating a higher rate environment, again very helpful to that business. In private equity, 60 plus percent of our debt is fixed rate, anticipating higher rate environments and our companies are really focused on growing EBITDA and cash flows, either through being in good secular sectors or in our ability to add a lot of value. And so that growth I think is very helpful again in the rising rate environment. And then in real estate, we've really been looking at this over time, anticipating -- frankly thought it would happen sooner that rates would go up. So if you look at our opportunistic portfolio, our largest holdings are not bond like assets. They're faster growing assets. So global logistics, which is our largest position obviously has very good fundamentals, because of what's happening with online sales. We have big exposure to single family housing in the US and Spain, both areas where you're seeing very strong growth, life science, office buildings in the US and other area I mentioned earlier, strong growth and Indian office building. So, a lot of emphasis on growth as opposed to bond like assets. Similarly, if you looked at BREIT, our non-traded REIT, what youd see there is multifamily housing, logistics and hotels make up close to 100% of the portfolio, which is different than a typical real estate portfolio today. So, we've pivoted more towards growth to help the portfolio, which we definitely think was an important decision we made on behalf of our investors. And then on the flip side, I think this rising rates of course can cause market corrections and investment opportunities. So the REIT market has pulled back a fair amount, public equity markets have gone a little bit sideways generally and so I think with our dry powder, we're well positioned if we do see a pullback here.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Bailey: This is Ryan Bailey on behalf of Alex. I was just wondering, weve had another strong quarter of private equity returns. I was wondering if we could peel that back a little bit and if you could give us some insight into the health of the portfolio on the private side in terms of revenue growth and EBITDA?
Jon Gray: Yes. So, we continue to see good signs in terms of obviously the US economy where the bulk of our assets sit. Revenue growth, over the last 12 months, call it mid-single digits and EBITDA growth, high single digits and that's obviously positive for equity values. We've seen strength in the energy space. Some of our technology oriented businesses are doing well. Generally, we're seeing pretty good things. Even, our European businesses, despite slower growth there are performing well. So on the ground, the facts feel pretty good. If you said what's the things our CEOs and we do our quarterly flash report asking our CEOs about what's happening across the range of their businesses. The two big concerns, we focus and all of us do a lot on the tariff discussion, but if you ask our CEOs, the biggest concerns are finding and retaining talent and whats the potential risk on the wage side. So that's one. The second area is technological disintermediation. So, those are the two areas they're focused, but generally, the sentiment around what's happening consistent with what you see in consumer sentiment and broader gauges of corporate sentiment, the sentiment in our portfolios is very positive.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Nicholas of William Blair.
Andrew Nicholas: A quick question for Michael. Just with respect to the $2 FRE target, given at last months Investor Day, I was wondering if you could help us think about how much of that comes from performance fees or net performance fees in the permitting capital vehicles.
Michael Chae: Sure, and that's obviously out several years, but what I would say is currently and over the near term, the next year or so, the percentage added to FRE, if you will, by the performance fees, the recurring performance fee from current capital are in the mid-single digits basically, 5%, 6%, 7%. And then a couple of few years out, it'll get up to more like 10% to 15% and so that's sort of the math around that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks and morning. Just a question on the Clarus acquisition, on the life sciences side. I guess two-pronged question. If you look across, the industry M&A has a mixed track record, perhaps kindly described that Blackstone has had a much better track record than perhaps many others. I just -- just as you look across, what others get wrong with M&A, what lessons do you take away with that, and as you execute on Clarus, how are you going to execute maybe differently than others, as you think about execution risk, and then if you could also talk about the incentive structures that you're putting in place as well to retain key investment talent?
Jon Gray: So I would say what we're talking about with Clarus is not necessarily integrations, mergers, those sort of things and a wide range of buying -- a company that has a wide range of drugs and so forth. What we're talking about specifically, their business has been focused on corporate partnerships, where they sit down with pharmaceutical companies and identify drugs that are promising, but don't make maybe the top tier list for that company, but given the right resources to get through the clinical trials and the right amount of capital that there's a high degree of confidence that this can become a commercially advantageous thing to do. And if you look at the Clarus track record, in this discrete area, they have had tremendous success. So I think this is different than broad based sort of big pharma M&A.
Tony James: Let me comment on the other acquisitions. I think that we've been very, very disciplined about what we do and we've done that around a certain few things. Most important, we have to have great people, not average people, not -- we're not just fill in the boxes, we have a spot, we have to have great people and those people have to be real team players. They have to fit in our culture, they have to -- want to be part of something bigger and better, they want to benefit from the rest of Blackstone and they want to contribute to the rest of Blackstone. We don't want sole practitioners, we don't want people with their elbows out, they've got to be part of the team. And that -- and frankly finding those two things and doing it in nice niches has really been the key to our success.
Steve Schwarzman: Yeah. I would just echo what Tony said, which is for us, the ideal acquisition target is relatively small. It gives us key talent, expertise, relationships, but then when you put it into the Blackstone system, you get incredible growth. We saw that clearly with GSO. We've seen that with our secondaries business, SP, we expect the same thing here. That's the formula. We don't really want to go out and pay a lot of money for AUM. Wed like to acquire and integrate great talent that shares our values and then help them grow at a much faster rate than they did before.
Operator: And our final question is from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Needham: Hey, thanks for the follow-up. Its Mike Needham again. Just a couple of modeling things to clarify. On the base comp expense, was there any one-time item or were lumpiness there just seem like a bigger increase? And then the FX impact in real estate that you guys pointed out, do you have any hedges that would offset that in the other line? Thanks.
Steve Schwarzman: On the comp question, it's sort of the same answer as the margin question. On a quarter over quarter basis, there can be fluctuations intra year on comp. Accruals, and if you look at sort of the year-to-date, either on margin or comp ratios, they're pretty in line. So, I think those will work themselves out over time. In terms of the, on the real state side, Jon, if you want to handle this. Look, we, I would say there's, first of all, as a firm overall, we've talked about this before, as it relates to euro and to a certain degree, pound exposure, based on the euro and pound denominated liabilities we have at the firm level, we actually have a natural financial hedge in place, relative to currency fluctuations in euros and pounds at our fund level. And what you saw this quarter in real estate was actually lesser about the euro, which was obviously pretty stable in the quarter. And more about some other currencies, Asian currencies. And it varies by region, but we certainly look at, from a debt and interest rate structure standpoint, at the deal level, hedging that out. At the equity level, as you know, for example, in the case of the euro, we have a euro denominated fund and so investing in Europe and so that largely effectively acts as a natural hedge as well there. Hedging your equity in a long term illiquid deal, whether it's private equity or real estate opportunistic, that's a different matter, that can be expensive, and so that's -- that's a different kettle of fish, but the point is, in a number of different ways, at the firm level, at the fund level and at the deal level, we deal with currency exposure.
Operator: Thank you for your questions everyone. Id now turn the call over to Weston Tucker for the closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning and I look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes your conference call today everyone. You may now disconnect. Thank you very much indeed for joining.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Blackstone Second Quarter 2018 Investor Call. My name is Joyce, and Ill be the moderator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the conference over to your host for today Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you. And good morning, and welcome to Blackstones second quarter conference call. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on the shareholders page of our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report early next month. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and youll find reconciliations in the press release. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $1.6 billion for the quarter, up sharply from the prior year comparable period. Economic net income or ENI per share was $0.90, up 55% from the prior year due to growth in performance revenues and investment income. Distributable earnings per common share were $0.56 for the quarter and we declared a distribution of $0.58 to be paid to holders of record as of July 30th, which includes $0.10 special distribution, announced previously. One final note for me. We will be hosting our fifth Investor Day on September 21st in New York. We will be sending our invitations in the next few weeks, but if you dont receive one and would like to attend, please let me know. The event will also be webcast. With that, Ill turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported an excellent set of results for the second quarter and for the first half of the year. Total revenues, as Weston mentioned, were up 30% in the quarter to $2 billion, while ENI rose 55% to $1.1 billion. The firm continued to deliver very attractive investment returns across a growing number of funds and significantly outperformed global markets. As a result, our limited partner investors are entrusting us with more of their capital to manage, driving gross inflows of $20 billion in the quarter and $120 billion for the last 12 months, an all-time record for both Blackstone and any other alternative investment fund. This fundraising momentum powered growth in our total assets under management of 18% year-on-year to $439 billion. Adjusting for the previous announced sale of our direct lending sub- advisory relationship for $580 million, the underlying rate of AUM growth would have been an exceptional 25%, a time period over which we also returned $42 billion to our LPs through realizations, and pro forma a AUM was up about $10 billion from the first quarter. Blackstone is expanding our leadership position in a high-growth sector of money management, both by growing our well-established franchises as well as developing new areas including permanent capital vehicles. What we do with the capital weve raised is most critical. In an environment of high prices in many areas, we are still able to find good investments. We have deployed nearly $50 billion over the past 12 months, a very active pace, and we will begin raising our flagship private equity and real estate funds in the next several months. We expect our fundraising supercycle to bring the firms total AUM above the $500 billion milestone, likely in the first half of next year. Our ability to continue raising large scale capital begins and ends with investment performance. Across our global platform, for the second quarter and first half of 2018, Blackstones funds delivered dramatic outperformance with less risk. For the first half, if youve invested in an index comprised of global stocks or high yields, you would have either made very little or lost money. S&P was about the best-performing, up 2.6% over this period but it had high levels of volatility. While the global, Europe and Asian stock index all declined down anywhere from minus 1 to minus 5, and the high-yield credit index returned zero, nothing. Blackstone funds however produced extremely different results. Our corporate private equity funds had a remarkable performance, appreciating nearly 10% in the quarter and over 16% in the first six months of the year. Thats over six times the S&P total return during this six-month period. Just to repeat it, in case you missed it, thats six times the S&P total return during the first six months of this year. In real estate, our opportunistic funds appreciated approximately 3% in the quarter and 6% in the first half, despite headwinds from the stronger dollar, which Michael Chae will discuss in more detail. Thats more than double the S&P. In credit, our various strategies were up 4% to 5% gross in the quarter, and 3% to 8% for the first half, which is 1 to 3 times the S&P. And these are credit funds, not equity funds. And in our hedge fund area, BAAMs composite gross return also beat global markets, despite its low volatility focus. Since inception, our opportunistic private equity and real estate funds have returned 15% and 16%, respectively per year, net of all fees, which equates to 650 to 900 basis points respectively over the relevant indexes. This type of differentiated performance positions us well in an environment where capital flows are increasingly migrating to two opposite ends of a barbell. On one side of the index funds, weve primarily just mirrored the indexes and typically charged only several basis points of fees. On the other side are the alternative managers, including Blackstone, the reference institution in our industry. Our funds have produced materially higher net returns for our LPs than market indices, and protected capital during market downturns. Weve also generated higher earnings on AUM for our shareholders, given the combination of higher returns and better fee structures. All of this while consistently growing with our AUM up 5-fold in the last 11 years since our IPO. This is why I have such optimism for the future of Blackstone and the alternative asset class as a whole. Our portfolio companies are in great shape and are performing very well. The economic backdrop is quite healthy, despite the recent turbulence in markets, due in part to growing fears around the impact of rising protectionism on global trade. This current situation is complex and highly dynamic, involving most of the major economies in the world simultaneously, which is actually unprecedented since World War II. While our portfolio overall has relatively limited direct exposure to global trade, an open, well-functioning system is important to the longer term health of the economy and markets. The volume of issues, magnitude of potential impact on different countries including United States, I think its logical to assume many of the current issues will get resolved. However, rebalancing of relationship or issues as far-reaching as trade and foreign policy will take some time. In the meanwhile, with $88 billion of dry powder capital, we can wait patiently for any opportunities that might arise from volatility and move quickly to take advantage of them. As one example, when real estate stocks traded sharper earlier this year, due to the interest rate concerns in terms of interest rates going up, it was little differentiated between the highest and the lowest quality assets, those with their best growth potential, they all went down. Our focus on value led us to complete or commit to six public company going private transactions across three continents. Across the firm, tremendously well positioned, responding to changing market dynamics. With more strategies with different mandates, and any other alternatives firm, were able to do more deals across asset classes and up and down the capital structure. And looking forward, we have more, large-scale new initiatives today than ever before, propelled by the firms entrepreneurial culture, global reach and brand. In infrastructure, weve assembled a world-class team comprised of Blackstone people from different areas around the firm, as well as a few key outside hires. Weve received broad interest from individual institutional investors around the world and have closed on $5 billion or so, and we expect to grow this business substantially over time. We are now fully in deployment mode and are evaluating a pipeline of interesting opportunities. Other new initiatives are also progressing well. In insurance, weve added several highly talented professionals as we continue to build out the best team in the industry. In private wealth, we now offer several products designed primarily or exclusively for this channel, such as our non-traded REIT, our 40 Act hedge fund and our new credit interval fund. Our non-traded REIT recently brought -- broke the $3 billion mark, capturing two-thirds of the entire industry sales so far this year, as the strength of Blackstone real estate platform resonates with this previously underserved market. And in credit, were rebuilding our direct lending AUM base, both the institutional and retail channels, and expect significant growth over the coming quarters. In closing, Blackstone continues to deliver for our limited partners and our shareholders. Were relentless in terms of pursuing new markets and asset classes, enabling us to provide more solutions to more types of investors. We remain focused, alert, and hardworking. Were deploying record levels of capital, creating the basis for significant future realizations. Blackstone remains one of the highest yielding stocks of any large company in the world with $2.22 paid out over the last 12 months, equating to a yield of over 6% and with earnings growth well above that most other public companies. And we continue to examine other ways to maximize shareholder value over the long-term. Blackstone has created the premier platform in the alternative asset industry, and we have no intension of slowing down. We look forward to discussing our firm and its prospects with you, as Weston mentioned, at our investor day in December. Thank you for joining our call. Ill now turn things over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our strong results in the second quarter were highlighted by very significant growth in revenue and economic net income as Steve mentioned, stable and attractive fee-related earnings and cash distributions, and continued robust deployment and fund raising momentum. Ill address each of these in my remarks this morning. Starting with ENI. Economic net income increased 56% to $1.1 billion or $0.90 per share, the firms best quarter since the first quarter of 2015. This result was driven of course by excellent investment performance, and private equity led the way. The private equity performance revenue and economic income both more than tripled year-over-year to $636 million and $581 million, respectively, the highest levels in over three years. The corporate PE funds appreciated 9.5% in the quarter and 26% for the prior 12 months. The strong performance was broad based across the private and public portfolios, across sectors with the energy and technology areas exhibiting particular strength. And notably, in the quarter, we signed agreements to sell several companies at an average premium of greater than 30% to prior carrying values, resulting in a meaningful valuation uplift. In credit, strong fund performance drove the segments best returns in each of its performing credit and distressed clusters since 2016. The performing credit funds were up 4.5% in the quarter while the distressed funds rose 3.8% in an environment where the high yield index has been flat. Performance revenue tripled to $107 million and economic income nearly doubled to a $112 million. The largest drivers of GSOs funds outperformance in the quarter, Stars Groups and EMI Music Publishing, were signature GSO deals involving large scale, bespoke, private capital solutions to corporates with complex financing needs. These investments are now reaching monetization and our original $1.1 billion total investment in the two deals combined have generated a realized and unrealized multiple invested capital of 2.3 times. Fund appreciation across the firm was attractive in the quarter, despite headwinds from FX as the U.S. dollar strengthened broadly against most currencies. This impact is most apparent in real estate and Tac Opps, given their significant relative European and international footprints, reducing second quarter appreciation in these areas by around 1 to 2 percentage points. Excluding FX, reps appreciation in the second quarter was 3.9%, core+ was 3.1% and Tac Opps was 4.5%. As discussed on prior calls, weve been effectively neutralizing the impact of euro and pound-based FX volatility in our firm P&L for our shareholders through our Eurobond and swap positions, with this effect reflected in other revenue. In aggregate, strong performance across the firm lifted the net accrued performance receivable on the balance sheet to $3.9 billion, up nearly 20% over the last 12 months to its highest level in three years. This growth is despite $42 billion in realizations, which generated $1.7 billion of net realized performance fees in this period. This continues to illustrate a powerful, and we believe underappreciated characteristic of our business, the ability to grow the firm store value while simultaneously paying out substantial distributions to shareholders. Moving to fee related earnings. FRE increased 1% year-over-year to $315 million, stable despite the discontinuation of the prior direct lending sub-advisory fees, and spending on growth initiatives. On a normalized basis, underlying FRE growth continued at a double-digit percentage pace. We would expect FRE to resume its historical trajectory of growth in the next several quarters. Moving to DE and the distribution. Distributable earnings were $700 million in the second quarter or $0.56 per common share. Net of the 15% holdback and including the special distribution, the total distribution to common shareholders was $0.58, up 7% versus the prior year. In terms of realizations, here real estate led the way. We realized $8 billion in the second quarter, including the final sale of our Hilton State, which ultimately generated 3.1 times investors capital and $14 billion of profit, as well as several other public and private sales across the firm, including several London office assets purchased between 2012 and 2015 that were sold this quarter for 2.1 times multiple of invested capital, notwithstanding the intervening Brexit event during the period of our ownership. And we enter the third quarter with strong forward momentum in terms of realizations and distributable earnings. We have under contract an additional $4 billion of realizations, most or all of which we expect to close in the third quarter, including the sales of Ipreo, Intelenet and the modernization of the private energy asset in private equity, a range of office and other real estate assets in the U.S., Europe and Australia and others. In aggregate, we expect these sales to generate approximately $350 million or $0.28 per share in distributable earnings. Moving to the deployment and inflow of capital, both areas in which we are experiencing robust momentum. In terms of deployments, we invested $8.4 billion and committed to another $9.3 billion across the firm in the quarter. This was our seventh consecutive quarter of greater than $8 billion in deployments, prior to which there had been only two such quarters in our history, demonstrating the breadth, diversity and scaling of our strategies across businesses and auguring greater value to be harvested in the future from this transformation and the scale of our business. In terms of the inflow of capital and fundraising. As Steve noted, gross inflows reached $20 billion in the quarter and $38 billion in the first half of the year, reflecting a diverse array of initiatives across the firm. We had closings for strategies across our businesses, including our new infrastructure fund, our third Tactical Opportunities Vintage, GSOs Second Energy Fund and final closes for our Asia dedicated funds in real estate and private equity. In real estate, core+ has grown to $32 billion of AUM, nearly doubling year-over-year. GSO also closed to new CLOs while BAAM $3 million in the quarter and nearly $7 billion year-to-date. The pipeline moving forward is extensive. In terms of highlights we expect closes in the near-term for both private equity energy and GSO energy. Weve commenced raising our new secondary flagship fund. In credit, we expect significant closes this quarter for our new direct lending business and expect to launch in the second half our second GSO Europe fund. In real estate, well shortly be launching our fourth permanent capital vehicle in core+. Finally, of course, as Steve mentioned, well soon be in the market with our global private equity and real estate flagship funds. All told, following on the heels of $108 billion in inflows in 2017 and looking out to the balance of 2018 and 2019, if we execute according to plan, we believe we could amass in the area of $300 billion in new fund capital in the 2017 through 2019 three-year period. Ill close my remarks today with an update on our capital strategy and ongoing commitment to delivering shareholder value. This quarter, we will be returning approximately $200 million in capital to unitholders through the first of our three $0.10 per unit special dividends in addition to share repurchases. We initiated activity in our $1 billion share repurchase program during the quarter, were purchasing 2.2 million shares at an average price of $32.58. This is a tool we plan to use consistently and programmatically to keep our share count flat on an annual organic basis, and which combined with our sizeable special distribution enhances our highly attractive regular cash distribution policy. With regards to our structure, we continue to consider our options. KKRs recent stock performance subsequent to their decision to convert has been noteworthy, and we will continue to watch and assess that and a variety of other factors over time. We like the position we are in today. We can closely monitor developments in the market and with our peers, incorporate any learnings into our thinking on how to best maximize long-term shareholder value. In other words, we will continue to take a deliberate and hard look at our options. In the meantime, the firm continues to perform at great strength. And we believe our value proposition remains highly compelling. With that, we thank you for joining the call. And wed like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington. Please proceed.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Maybe just on the insurance initiative, would really love to hear anything you can share on product development and the work youre doing with insurance companies and regulators to kind of build out that insurance presence. And if you cant do anything there, just an update on FGL. Thank you.
Jon Gray: Hey, Ken. Its Jon Gray. I would say a couple of things. First, this is a long-term initiative for us. We think the scale here is quite significant, given the underlying needs of insurers. The one thing we found early on is just how much pressure they are under because of where interest rates sit and because of longevity. And as a result, we need to increase their returns. So, today as a firm, we manage across FGL, which you mentioned as well as traditional drawdown funds, about $50 billion in this space, and we do expect that to grow considerably over time. That being said, were in the process of course of building our team. Weve made a lot of progress under Chris Blunt. Weve made a couple of key hires this quarter, we have some more in the pipeline. So, were moving forward on that. We are meeting with major insurers. We have a number of important discussions going on that could lead to interesting opportunities for us. But, nothing really specific we can point to today. But overall, as I said, a lot of optimism about the need for what were doing. And also, Id say were making progress on building out our private credit origination capabilities. We do that in real estate today and in GSO, but there are other areas underneath those umbrellas we can add to, to serve these insurance customers even better. So, I think there is a big opportunity here. It will take a bit of time to get at. In terms of FGL, we feel good about what weve been able to do in terms of starting to move their assets into higher yielding. I dont want to talk too much about it as they are public company, but we feel good about being able to add additional return to their portfolio, which is what we stated at the time they were acquired.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Bill Katz: Thank you very much for taking the question as well. Ill leave the C-Corp to somebody else. So, question just in terms of the supercycle, if Im doing the math quickly, I think you said about $135 billion over the last 18 months, which is impressive in its own right. So, at least another 165 over the next year-and-a-half or so. A, is that a fair way to think about it? And then, maybe more importantly, how do you think about the interplay between the capital raising and sort of the FRE fee rate and margins? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Hey, Bill, its Michael. I think, your math on how you -- or the outlook over the next year and a half or two is generally I think is the right thinking and dovetails with some of the statements I made. In terms of the economics of the new capital, we basically think its a stable picture that we are not experiencing fee pressures we talked about before in these flagship funds, our dynamics with our clients are terrific, nor are we really looking to change things fundamentally around those arrangements with our LPs. So, I think you can expect from that standpoint a stable picture. And in terms of margins, look, Id say overall in terms of the contribution and economics of what these new platforms will do for us, its obviously very positive I think from the perspective of all financial metrics.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. I would just add, obviously, if we are able to successfully raise these funds which we expect to, it certainly will have a benefit, as you look out to fee related earnings in particular, looking out a few years.
Michael Chae: Yes. I mentioned where we are in the moment from an FRE standpoint and the resumption of historical growth, I think we do see build and in 2019 a return to historical or better FRE growth levels in the area of the strong double digits.
Tony James: Ill just add too, while you might see there is mix shift going on here, so stable pricing for each product category, there are mix shifts as we get more permanent capital vehicles and other things that are new to the picture. Even though some of those products have what look like a lower fees per $1 of AUM, there actually over time as we play through, higher margin to the bottom line because of the way assets cumulate so much faster than our costs. So, you just -- you guys should all be mindful of those dynamics.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rob Lee with KBW. Please proceed.
Rob Lee: One of the themes across the whole industry I guess has been -- when I say the whole industry, the traditional and alternative has been I think customization. And some of your alternative peers have talked about -- theyve seen some demand for more customized type of separate accounts to have more flexibility to -- and very long dated assets, so they can kind of shift assets for clients pretty quickly depending on where the best opportunities are. I mean clearly within BAAM, and I am sure your insurance initiatives, customization is a part of it. But, I mean you guys dont talk too much about kind of maybe larger separate account relationships where youre kind of helping direct at any given point in time where capital should be allocated. So, can you maybe talk a little bit of those, some of the initiatives you have underway, or how you think about those types of products or relationships vis--vis kind of just raising money for discrete funds over time?
Jon Gray: Yes. I think the customization for us, given the scale and breadth of our platform is more focused in retail and insurance where were creating new products, BREIT is a great example of that, a private REIT in a space that historically had not been well served, even in terms of costs or quality. And we created a customized product there. The market as Steve described, has responded exceedingly well to that. Same way I think in insurance will create, vehicles have begun already that will target insurers, particularly given their regulatory capital needs. So, those two areas definitely. In some of our more, long-dated vehicles core+, real estate and private equity, theres probably a little more flexibility institutionally in terms of customization. But in our broader areas -- and I would say also in GSO, we can do a bit more in the SMA area. But generally, in our sort of mainline flagship areas because were so large, it tends to be more in the comingled fund area and I dont expect that to change dramatically.
Steve Schwarzman: I would say one other thing. This is Steve. We have a business called Tactical Opportunities, which has about $20 billion of AUM in it. And Tac Opps mandate is -- takes that money and put it wherever, it looks like its the best place to be in terms of asset classes and different places in the capital structure. And so, we start sort of in an advantageous position, if you will with $20 billion there. And some of the separate accounts that I think youre hearing about are -- involves firms that dont have the ability to put money in individual areas. And this is used as a way to see some of those businesses. And also, those accounts typically come with a lot of fee pressure on them and a variety of other things in terms of crossing carries from different areas. And we of course have separate accounts of scale. But we are pretty disciplined as to how we approach that area and our funds almost always are sold out. And so our system works exceptionally well. And I think some other people really need some AUM and it helps them develop businesses albeit at lower fee levels than we typically have.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alex Blostein: Another question for you guys around the really robust fundraising outlook, obviously, for the next two years. I guess other than the flagship funds, can you help us unpack a little bit what you guys are assuming in terms of the insurance business and the credit business that you expect to commit, I guess, for the next two years to get you guys to the $500 billion plus I guess AUM in the first part of '19?
Michael Chae: Hey, Alex, this is Michael. If you are thinking about fees for marking sort of the path to that number in the early part of next year, in the credit -- in real estate we've obviously talked about the launch of BREP global fund and we expect to focus on BREP Europe shortly thereafter. In the core plus area that has been moving along at a terrific pace as you know. We've been raising money at about a $8 billion to $10 billion a year clip with things like BREIT only expanding, I mentioned the fourth BPP platform being launched in second half of this year. So we certainly expect to sustain that pace. I mentioned the VIII SP global buyout funds that launch has happened and we have high expectations for how that will go and of course the private equity fund that I mentioned. And in the credit area multiple products, the energy fund, which is ongoing, Europe direct lending, which will launch shortly as well as the direct lending initiatives, which we've talked a lot about and we're ready to think of that now, so multiple, multiple strategies, diversity strategy and obviously scale.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Since we last chatted we have gotten a better picture of what businesses are or could be impacted by the proposed tariffs. To what extent is your portfolio or any specific large holdings exposed to the products that have been announced or could be announced to be impacted? Or do you think it's really just about how would it impacts broader economic activity? And within that, could you give an updated revenue and EBITDA growth trajectory for the PE portfolio?
Jonathan Gray: So Id say to date it's definitely been, probably more market focus. The China market has traded of the most, but global markets have been choppier clearly as a result of this. On the ground we've not seen a lot of impact. As you know tariffs have just begun to be put in place. As it relates to Blackstone, specifically the good news is most of our portfolio companies are focused domestically in their home markets be it in the U.S., Europe or Asia or service-oriented businesses. The number of companies we have in the global supply chain and we do have some who are exporters is fairly limited. And as I said, to-date we haven't seen much of an impact. Whats been a bigger impact of course is the strength of the U.S. economy, which has been surprising everyone, including us. And thats really been the dominant theme on the ground. So over time, of course, if this escalates, is protracted, spills into the broader economy, it could have a broader impact and were obviously watching that. But in -- but we're hopeful, as Steve said, these things will get resolved, they may not get all resolved at the same time with the various participants, but as it looks today on the ground and with our portfolio, it's relatively limited impact.
Stephen Schwarzman: Growth statistics.
Jonathan Gray: Growth statistics. What I would say is if you look at our overall private equity portfolio in the first half of the year, were seeing EBITDA running, call it about 10% up, sort of since the start of the year. And probably more importantly, looking forward when you talk to our CEOs and we survey them their optimism is as high as its been. And I think that bodes well of course because CEOs are thinking about CapEx and hiring and so forth. We saw that in the hiring numbers in the U.S. up 17% year-to-date. So I think the forward outlook at least on the ground in the U.S. it feels pretty good and frankly globally there seems to be a fair amount of confidence, obviously, that can change.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crdit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: I wanted to better understand what factors you're analyzing as you make your final decision on the C-Corp conversion?
Jonathan Gray: Hey, Craig. It's Jon. As Michael pointed out, this is obviously a big decision for us. And one, we can only make only one time. And its meaningful implications on the tax side to our shareholders and so were going to be really thoughtful and deliberate as we pointed out. Things were looking at are obviously our facts and circumstances, tax, and otherwise, as we look at other market participants, it's index inclusion, it's mutual fund ownership and its stock price performance. And as Michael said, weve got the benefit of watching some others and this is obviously a significant issue and were going to be try to be as thoughtful as possible before we make a decision.
Operator: The next question comes from the line Devin Ryan of JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Brian McKenna: Hi, this is Brian McKenna for Devin. Thanks for taking the question. It seems to be common them that deployment outside of the U.S. has been accelerating recently. Could you talk about some of the different drivers of this activity? And then when you think about that $88 billion of dry powder today, do you have any sense of how much of that could potentially deployed outside the U.S?
Jonathan Gray: So Ill start with the second question. Its really hard to know where capital is going to be deployed over time. Because for us we sort of based on where the best opportunities are where we see compelling value thats where well deploy, so I think going forward it's hard to say. Why are you seeing significant deployment from us globally? In some cases, real estate is a good example, its probably a more attractive risk return profile today as we set because there's still some legacy distress in places like Spain. Interest rates are likely to stay, I think, lower for longer there. And so we've been leaning forward. In other sectors like private credit, I would also say Europe today there is a little less competition and so we have been active there as well. Asia where we just raised new funds in real estate and private equity is a big part of the world growing faster than the rest of the world significantly faster. And we've been taking advantage of that across the region Australia, China, Japan. I think India in particular, given what's happening in IT services and business processing has been a very positive theme for us both in private equity and real estate where we've been a big buyer of office building. So I think it again speaks to what Steve and Michael were talking about just the strength of this global platform. If you look back at our business 10 to 15 years ago, it was much more domestically focused with a little bit in Europe. And today if one market gets tougher, we can deploy elsewhere just like we can in other sectors. So I think we're in different stages in valuation cycles in different countries around the world. And those things can change relatively quickly. I would say, however, on the U.S. Ryan, as I mentioned earlier, growth here in the U.S. is pretty good, which is a positive as we look at deployment going forward. The challenge, of course, rising interest rates and inflation.
Stephen Schwarzman: And just to give you a number about 40% of our deployments in the first half of the year were outside of the U.S., outside of North America.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Curious if -- maybe get your updated thoughts on building a broad capital markets business. You continue to grow in size and across the capital structure feels like there is a ton of money to be made. Just curious what factors play a role in doing that are potentially not doing?
Jonathan Gray: So I would say that there is some opportunity in that space given the fact that worthy intersection of so many different businesses assets, different parts of the capital structure. So on the one hand, I do think we can do more there. On the other hand, I think everybody on this call knows we've been reluctant to be investing balance sheet. We like our capital-light approach in what we do in our funds. We have a very modest amount of capital generally deployed and we are focused on using our people and platform in order to raise capital. And so to the extent we can grow our capital markets business without deployment of a lot of capital. I think that's an opportunity. But if it's going to mean putting up a lot of risk, I think we're going to be reluctant to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Mike Carrier: Just one on the realization and the distribution outlook. So you guys gave some color for the third quarter, just wanted to get some insight. When I look at the net accrued, the performances of some of the funds both on the private equity real estate, maybe some -- when you look at maybe the seasoning in the portfolios. Is this the kind of a good run rate more looking out over the next 12 months assuming that the market remains constructive?
Jonathan Gray: Mike, look, I think all of the sort of the stats are obviously positive around the pipeline, around the growth and the receivable. The receivable is -- in terms of the carrier receivable. Its maturing in terms of kind of the average hold, which is always a good leading indicator of monetizations. And our DE in the second quarter was higher than the first quarter and entered the third quarter with the pipeline I mentioned. So we tend to look -- we view best ability near term around the stuff and we like that outlook. We would hesitate to look far in the future but again were in good position in terms of the basic situation of value in the ground, value seasoning and the ability to get better over time and momentum -- operating momentum of the assets. Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gerry OHara with Jeffries. Please proceed.
Gerry OHara: Maybe just one on the infrastructure initiative, the $4.6 billion cited in the -- as a first close. Was that something that was already matched dollar for dollar or perhaps is that kind of from the structural perspective on the comp? And then I think earlier today in media call you had mentioned some deployments that were already kind of in process. Not specific yields but perhaps can you talk a little bit semantically about how you are approaching that? Thank you.
Jonathan Gray: Sure. So just to clarify we did at $4.6 billion at the end of the quarter. Shortly after the end of the quarter we got to $5 billion. That includes the matching from our anchored investor. And as we said what weve built here now over the last six months is a terrific team of people both of existing Blackstone people and some outside folks. In terms of the pipeline, nothing we can say directly just that were actively working. Now it's hard to invest when you don't have capital. Once you have a closed fund, its game on at that point. And so were starting to look at things, specifically, there are sectors like the midstream space where reading in the papers, obviously, volumes are growing, particularly coming out of places like the Permian, and theres need for midstream assets, infrastructure there, but were looking across the landscape, telecom infrastructure, water, renewables and obviously some public-to-private partnerships as well and more traditional infrastructure. So this is a business that we think were really well positioned in because of the need for large amounts of capital, were good in build the scale business. Its in and open-ended structure, which I think sometimes hard for some of the folks in the media follow because it's different than our traditional; you raise all the money upfront. This gets raised over time. The best model for this is what we did in core real estate where we started with the $1 billion in these open-ended structures and are now over $30 billion today. So we feel really good about the start weve got, the matching funds we've got and the investment outlook, but now it's time for us to execute.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Needs to go back to the fund raising in the FRE build, so of that incremental $165 billion or so over the next six quarters is the incremental $35 billion in infrastructure -- targeting the $40 billion. Is that in that number? And then also if you can comment to what degree you have any large -- plans for large insurance yields within the number are those over and above? And then I dont know if you can talk about the timing -- rough timing of the launch of the flagship private equity and BREP funds and the potential step down of fee rate of BCP VII and BREP VIII as you bring those funds on and deploy them?
Jonathan Gray: So in terms of infrastructure, just as a reminder again, we said that that's an objective overtime to get to the $40 billion when we still expect to but thats not something we are saying will happen in such a short period of time. This is a business we're going to build overtime where we have to deploy the capital. And as we do that we'll continue to raise money. So people I think have focused on that announcement and may be extrapolated too quickly, we're going to get there. But this will be like other business, take a number of years for that to happen. Michael can comment on what's embedded, but I don't think there's anything some sort of huge change in insurance embedded in our numbers. We do have a tendency to find things overtime that are large and interesting like we did with fidelity guarantee or we did with the logic core transaction in real estate. But nothing I think is embedded in our assumptions there. In terms of timing, we're going to launch very soon on our latest global real estate fund. And we potentially could have a closing as early at the end of this year. I don't know that for sure. But that's a potential. On the private equity side, again, we'll probably be launching here in the next quarter, let's call it. And we would expect the first closing in that to be sometime in the first half of 2019.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Mike Cyprys: Its a bit about seven months or so now with tax reform in place, so just curious if you could talk about the impact that you are seeing on the economy. What sings you're seeing that it may accelerate the end of the cycle? And just lastly there what's your view that the tax law may actually increase cyclicality given the cap on NOLs and the cap on interest deductibility? In other words good downturn to be more severe with greater default rates on the back in tax reform?
Jonathan Gray: Well, Id say on the ground talking to our CEOs and other companies we interact with tax reform has increased, in many cases, their cash flows and has made them more confident. And so I do think it's having some impact. You can see it in the numbers, S&P CapEx spending in the first quarter, I think was up close to 20%. S&P earnings are up 20%. And so you know when company's earnings are up, they tend to be more inclined to hire, they tend to be more inclined to spend CapEx, they tend to be more inclined to travel. And we have seen that in the hotel business where there has been a reacceleration of same-store sales in that sector as an example. So I would say what we're seeing on the ground is positive and some of that I think has to be attributed to the tax reform. In terms of the increased cyclicality, I havent really thought about that. I don't see that as an impact in terms of one of -- the fact that companies are paying less tax, I think the bigger impact obviously is around potentially deficit. And you know what happens with inflation and interest rates actually that is a more significant impact than some sort of procyclical impact.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, Mike, Id just add that, I think that was the theory before tax reform when we were all doing our models as to whether sort of the cost fee is credits or distressed credits of stress credits because of that change in deductibility would get pushed over. We've not seen that in practice. We all see the default rates and also add to that the fact that we have a pretty healthy economic context. And you have a lot of -- a lot of these borrowers obviously have covenant like credit structures. So that may get tested as we get into a true distress cycle, and there may be some subsection accompanies that sort of wouldnt have defaulted if not for that, but it's pretty theoretical, it hasnt materialized yet.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Please proceed.
Chris Shutler: Just wanted to follow-up on Glen's question earlier on balance sheet. So could you be more specific on that any hesitations you have clearly add risk. But I would think at a minimum you might be able to be more aggressive deploying capital and theres more stable core plus, core PE types of deals as a way of enhancing long term shareholder value. So any comments there would be helpful?
Jonathan Gray: Yes, I think there are situations where as youre raising a new fund you might use and we have in very small number of circumstances, some commitment where weve good line of sight that were to raise the money. But getting into the business of committing to very large deals, putting on the balance sheet, syndicating that out, that hasnt been, I don't think it will be our model. We really rely on the confidence of our investors. Because of the great returns weve produced across the entire firm over long periods of time, weve generally been able to raise third-party capital to execute our business plan. That's what we want to stick with. There may be circumstances where we need to use our balance sheet but I would use those or think of them as exceptions.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, and I would just say rather than accumulating a lot of cash on our balance sheet, were paying it out to shareholders either in terms of dividends or in buybacks. And were maintaining a strong -- we believe in maintaining a rock solid balance sheet for a rainy day so that we can do the kind of the things John is talking about, but not using it willy-nilly just to load up.
Chris Shutler: Just thinking you may go on better returns on lot of your shareholders. Thanks.
Stephen Schwarzman: They should invest in our funds.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Right. Thanks, everyone for joining us today and please follow-up after the call if youve any questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2018 Investor Call. My name is Derek, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Derek, and good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's First Quarter Conference Call. Joining today's call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, President and Chief Operating Officer; Tony James, Executive Vice Chairman; Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on the shareholders page of our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report early next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the risk factor section of our 10-K. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you'll find reconciliations in the press release. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $842 million for the first quarter of 2018. Economic net income or ENI per share was $0.65, which is down from a strong - very strong first quarter 2017 as higher fee-related earnings were offset by lower performance and other revenue. Distributable earnings per common share were $0.41 for the first quarter and we declared a distribution of $0.35 to be paid to holders of record as of April 30. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported a strong start to the year, highlighted by significant outperformance across our fund as compared to global markets, which you may have heard when Jon spoke, continued substantial capital inflows into all of our businesses and a very active investment base. Total assets under management rose to a new record of $450 billion, up 22% year-over-year. And every one of our business segments, private equity, real estate, credit and Hedge Fund Solutions grew AUM to new record levels. Against a backdrop of declining global markets and a sharp spike in volatility, the value proposition that Blackstone offers becomes even more compelling. In a world where most investors have become accustomed to everything going up, one of the great attributes of the alternatives business is that it can delink outcomes and protect investor's capital when negative things happen in public markets like they have. Blackstone's consistently strong performance across all asset classes and market cycles is a critical differentiating factor for us versus other asset managers. This consistency and stability deepens our relationships with our Limited Partners and results in them wanting to do more business with us. The delinking of our performance by market indices was well evidenced in our first quarter results. Our private equity and real estate strategies appreciated between 3% and 7% in the quarter, well ahead of the negative 1% return to the S&P and the negative 8% return for the REIT index. Our credit strategies outperformed the high-yield index, while our Hedge Fund Solutions business delivered a gross composite return of positive 1.3% in the quarter with less than 1/4 volatility of the market when the S&P, as I said, went down 1%. What's been happening in markets would suggest this is a good time to invest in low volatility strategies with high returns instead of an index. Not surprisingly, net inflows at BAAM, our Hedge Fund Solutions business is up $2.8 billion, was the best in over three years. Blackstone's outperformance starts with being able to choose our spots, in terms of sectors and regions and then engaging in significant operational improvements whenever buying the market. And with mostly locked up capital and long-term funds, we have enormous flexibility, both in terms of investing our dry powder as well as timing our exits. We have the luxury of not having to worry about meeting near-term earnings targets or facing short-term redemptions. The focus always is on maximizing value, which is what we've shown we can do over 32 years. Our Limited Partners appreciate our model and help in drive out-performance with less risk. This is why global allocations to alternatives continue to rise with Blackstone taking share. Our total capital inflows exceeded $18 billion in the first quarter, which Michael Chae will discuss in more detail. Since the start of 2015, our LPs have entrusted us with remarkable $289 billion of capital. It's almost $300 billion of capital, which is greater than the total AUM of any of our peers, and that's in only three years. Over that same time frame, we returned to our LPs, $143 billion through realizations. We continue to expand our global platforms into new adjacencies as well as create altogether new business lines. In real estate, our core+ platform has grown to nearly $30 billion in 4.5 years, including three permitting capital vehicles with the fourth coming later this year. As I've said before, I believe this business will ultimately reach $100 billion and we're on our way to doing it. In terms of new businesses, our infrastructure initiative is progressing well. We finalized documentation with our largest investor late last fall and had our team largely in place early this year, which is already reviewing a pipeline of interesting investment opportunities. We expect to have our first close in the second quarter, followed by a series of additional closures over the next year. I can't comment further on specific numbers given we're in the middle of fundraising. But investor response has been positive so far with broad interest from pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and others, both domestically and outside the U.S. Apart from infrastructure, we're continuing to build-out our dedicated insurance initiative with some high-quality additions to our team. And our efforts in the retail private wealth channel continue to ramp with several new products and additional distributor relationships. We're in the early innings of our build-out in these vast under-penetrated markets, and I believe our AUM in these areas will ultimately be multiples of what it is today. Our portfolio companies are performing well against the strong economic backdrop with positive growth virtually everywhere, and that is largely expected to continue for the foreseeable future. Despite the strong fundamentals, however, stock markets have become unsettled recently. This is partly due to increasing worries over global trade, including the relationship between United States and China as well as with NAFTA. I visited China twice in the last few weeks and have met with the senior leaders involved with their economy. President Xi's speech last week at the Boao Forum, where I was, was an extremely important one, in which, he indicated China is prepared to seriously discuss the start of opening its markets and making other significant changes in its economy. President Trump's positive response to President Xi's speech was also reported, to what I think, should be a very productive future dialogue between the two countries with the prospect for a significant change in the trade area. On NAFTA, talks are taking longer than might have been expected. But I believe it's in all three countries overwhelming interest to proceed with the revised deal, which I expect will happen over the next several weeks. To the extent the current volatility in the market continues, Blackstone is well positioned to take advantage of any opportunities that might arise with $93 billion of dry powder capital, the industry's largest. I'll close my remarks today with some comments on our people and our recent succession announcements. At Blackstone, our most important asset is our people. Our professionals are truly remarkable and I feel privileged to work with them. Each of our businesses is led by someone extraordinary, with other highly talented professionals around them. When somebody moves up, there's a deep bench of talent to support the transition and replace them. Because we typically plan succession many years in advance it is both seamless and organic. And when we launch new businesses, we create additional leadership opportunities for our people. That's part of what makes it fun to work here. The result is a highly successful formula for career development and a way to perpetuate the unique integration that exists across the firm even as we continue to grow. Sitting next to me today who you can't see, but you will sure hear from him is Jon Gray, who succeeds Tony James, who is sitting next to Jon as the firm's President and Chief Operating Officer. Jon is an exceptional individual and the true culture carrier of the firm. I've known him his entire career, having hired him from Wharton in 1992. So he's been at the firm for six years. He is a gifted investor and leader, and like many others at Blackstone, a homegrown talent. I could not have more confidence in Jon's ability to continue driving the firm forward. Tony, I'm happy to report, isn't going anywhere. He has assumed the role of Executive Vice Chairman and will remain on the firm's investment committees, management committee and Board of Directors. Among other responsibilities, he will continue to focus on strategic growth initiatives, of which, we have many. Tony has had a profound impact on Blackstone since joining the firm over 15 years ago in 2001. He is the chief architect of many of our successful new businesses and also drove the institutionalization of our investment processes and the ongoing development of our people. We've all benefited enormously from Tony's talent and vision and will continue to do so. Across the firm, other promotions have occurred with highly talented individuals moving into key leadership positions, including in real estate, our hedge fund area and our credit business. These changes lay the foundation for the next several decades of senior leadership of the firm and support the seamless continuity of our culture. And it is our distinctive culture built over 30 years and instilled in every one of the firm that ties us together into a larger company. Blackstone isn't a job per se, it's a mission to be the very best in the world at what we do. To work at our firm, you have to believe this. You have to love what you do and constantly strive to do it better. Our investors count on the consistent output of that culture, characterized by excellence, meritocracy and the highest standards of integrity. No one knew that better than my long-time business partner and co-founder of Blackstone Pete Peterson. Last month, we were all saddened to learn of his passing at the age of 91. Pete's death is a great loss for all of us who knew him, including all of us here at Blackstone. Pete and I built this firm together from the ground up, we had nothing, but $400,000 in startup capital and no clients and no LPs. And it has prospered over the subsequent three decades, more than either of us could ever imagine. Pete's wisdom and judgment were unmatched and he was an inspiration to all around him. Pete left a truly lasting mark on Blackstone and on the world and will truly be missed. Thank you for joining our call today. I'll now turn things over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae, another one of our terrific homegrown leaders. Michael, you are on.
Michael Chae: Thanks Steve, and good morning, everyone. The firm's strong momentum continued in first quarter, highlighted by continued robust inflows, investment out-performance across the firm and a steadily building store of value. Total revenue for the quarter was $1.7 billion, while economic net income totaled $792 million or $0.65 per share. Although, down from last year's first quarter, which is one of our best quarters ever, these numbers reflect a particularly strong result against challenging market backdrop. Attractive fund returns across a steadily growing base of invested capital drove healthy performance and principal investment revenues of $953 million. Management fee revenue rose 13% year-over-year to $736 million, our highest quarter ever, while fee-related earnings increased 14% to $333 million. For the prior 12 months, FRE was up 20% to $1.3 billion or $1.07 per share. That's likely double our annual FRE production six years ago, period through which our fee earning AUM has grown meaningfully and our margins have expanded sharply. Distributable earnings were $502 million in the first quarter or $0.41 per share, down from the prior year as we sold less in the context of volatile markets. Away from realizations, however, our other capital metrics: investment performance, deployment and fundraising all continue to demonstrate powerful momentum. Starting with investment performance. Our flagship funds and strategies all outperformed the comparable indices in the first quarter in many cases by a wide margin. The corporate private equity funds appreciated 6.4% in the quarter, while Tac Opps appreciated 5.2% and Strategic Partners 6.9%, all comparing favorably to the 1% decline in the S&P. In real estate, the opportunity funds appreciated 3.5%, core+ 3.4%, BREDS drawdown 4.4% and BREP 3%, all well ahead of the public REIT index, which declined 8% as Steve mentioned. Our performance is driven by multiple factors. As Steve mentioned, to being with choosing the right sectors on a regional basis, using our size as an advantage to move scale capital towards those ideas often across multiple funds and then creating lasting value in our investments through transformative asset management. And against the backdrop of a generally healthy external operating environment, the results from these portfolios that are performing well and expanding in value. In private equity, our portfolio has seen broad-based strength with EBITDA growth accelerating further in the quarter to the low double digits on a percentage basis. In terms of sectors, we are seeing particular strength in our technology portfolio and in the global industrials area. In the latter area, a significant driver of the 6.4% corporate PE appreciation in the quarter was our investment Gates, the largest investment in BCP VI, which we took public in the quarter, resulting in a substantial uplift from a valuation standpoint. In real estate, our largest current investments are in secular growth tailwinds, including global logistics, life sciences, U.S. and Spanish housing and Indian office. Conversely, our real estate funds have less than 5% exposure to U.S. retail real estate. The public REIT index in contrast has a 20% retail weighting. In BAAM, our composite outperformed the S&P by about 200 basis points with a quarter of the volatility. During February and March, at a time where the S&P was down 6%, our returns were flat. This kind of performance protecting capital during periods of significant market downturn and volatility is an essence proof-of-concept for our hedge fund solutions business. Strong fund performance across the firm generated $537 million of net performance revenues in the quarter, lifting the net performance revenue receivable on the balance sheet to $3.6 billion, the highest level in nearly three years. And despite $45 billion of realizations over the past 12 months, generating over $1.8 billion of net realized performance revenue, the firm's performance revenue receivable still grew 9% year-over-year, all of this bodes well for future realizations. Moving to deployment. We invested $10 billion in the quarter, our fifth highest quarter ever, driving invested performance revenue eligible AUM to nearly $200 billion. We continue to leverage our global scale and diversity of platforms to find value around the world. A majority of our capital deployed in the quarter was outside of the U.S. In general, we're still finding attractive relative value in Europe, and our largest investments in both private equity and real estate in the quarter were in that region. The firm single large investment in the quarter was the acquisition of a 51% interest in 27 billion face value real estate portfolio from Spanish bank, Santander. This was a landmark transaction, drawing on capital from across the firm up and down the capital structure. This transaction is an excellent illustration of the firm's ability to identify an area, in which, we have high conviction and capabilities on the ground, in this case, Spanish housing, and deliver a complete solution in scale. In private equity, we closed on our take private of U.K. listed payments company, Paysafe, and already announced last week, a nearly $1 billion synergistic add-on acquisition to the business. We committed to another $5 billion investments in the quarter, including the Thomson Reuters transaction and the privatization of a Canadian industrial REIT, which we expect to close in the coming quarters. Overall, we believe a more volatile world ultimately leads to deployment opportunities and the potential for excess value creation over the longer-term. Moving to fundraising. Gross inflows were $18 billion in the first quarter, reflecting an increasingly diverse number of initiatives across the firm. In terms of highlights, we had closed this in the quarter for drawdown strategies in five different businesses. For the third flagship credit distressed fund, which recently hit its hard cap at $7 billion; the second Asia real estate fund, which we expect will shortly hit its hard cap at $7 billion, our first Asia private equity fund, which is also nearing its revised hard cap of $2.25 billion, our third Tactical Opportunities Vintage and our second real assets secondary fund. Or core+ real estate platform has grown its AUM 87% year-over-year to nearly $30 billion. BAAM is experiencing good momentum with its second quarter in a row of nearly $4 billion in gross inflows and its best net inflow quarter since 2014, as Steve mentioned. We continued with our build out in high-growth retail insurance areas; although, still early stage, we added another $1.5 billion in insurance, bringing our dedicated BIS platform to $24 billion. And in retail, we raised $3.4 billion with most of this coming from our products that we've developed and customized for the channel, including our daily liquidity hedge fund in BAAM, our new credit interval fund in GSO; and BREIT, which is revitalized and arguably reinvented the nontraded REIT market. For the prior 12 months, total gross inflows exceeded $112 billion, a firm record for any 12-month period. Combined with $32 billion of fund appreciation, total AUM rose 22% to $450 billion and fee-earning AUM grew 23% to $345 billion, both record levels. We are very optimistic about the fundraising outlook from here. I'll finish my remarks today with a comment on the launch of our new direct lending platform and on two capital actions we're announcing today. With respect to our direct lending efforts, we concluded our sub-adviser relationship with Franklin Square earlier this month. We're excited about the prospects for this business under the Blackstone GSO brand with full ownership of economics. We're in advanced fundraising discussions with anchor institutional investors and plan to launch in the retail channel in the current quarter, sooner than originally expected. With the strength of GSO's investment platform and Blackstone's distribution capabilities in both the retail institutional channels, we're quite confident in our ability to rebuild one of the direct lending businesses in the world. The after-tax consideration received in connection with conclusion of the Franklin Square relationship will be used to support the special distribution to shareholders of $0.30 per unit or approximately $360 million in total to be paid alongside the second, third and fourth quarter regular distributions, $0.10 per unit in each quarter. Fundamentally, we are always evaluating all aspects of our capital strategy to optimize value, seed new funds, support new businesses and strategic initiatives and engage selectively in M&A. Our announcement today of $1 billion share repurchase program is reflective of the firm's considerable financial strength, which has continued to advance over the past several years. We have amassed a cash and treasury investment balance of $4.5 billion, and at the same time, have put in place a conservative, low-cost, long-dated liability profile with a weighted average after-tax cost of debt capital of just over 3% and an average maturity of nearly 15 years today. We have zero net debt and remain A+ rated by both S&P and Fitch, among the highest ratings for any financial company. Our balance sheet and liquidity position afford us the flexibility and firepower to further expand our favorable distribution policy to include share repurchases. The catalyst to the program has been desired to offset dilution from issuance related to equity awards over the next several years. While we've carefully managed share creep over time to minimize dilution, we decided to take this a step further with today's announcement. We believe this $1 billion repurchase program, combined with the $360 million special distribution served to further enhance an already highly attractive value proposition for shareholders. Most of all, these actions reflect our deeply held belief in the value of our firm and our stock and our commitment to serving shareholder value over the long term. With that, we thank you for joining the call, and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from the line of Craig Siegenthaler, Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: I just wanted to come back to the buyback authorization. So number one, does this signal that we could see an increase in stock based comp above what we've been seeing in the last few years? And really question two is, if the stock gets attractive in your view, it gets cheaper, is there any potential to put a decline in the share count or is this really purely to offset dilution?
Michael Chae: Great. First, to your first question, you should not expect that these two are not related. You shouldn't expect that increase and our decision to authorize this buyback and to deliver basically a zero organic dilution policy is really in the spirit of taking our historical discipline around managing dilution and being even more aggressive around it.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it.
Michael Chae: As for your second question, look, I'd say in general, we've outlined the parameters around how we approach this. We will be opportunistic and we'll be flexible in our approach on this. And so I - that's how we're going to think about this.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: I want to ask you about kind of the skill in the business that you are well on your way of increasing in variety of different products. I guess, taking a step back, it just seems like you guys have more growth initiatives today than you've had in a while, you're investing in a bunch of new businesses and yet the FRE margins have actually been quite stable, looks like 45-ish percent this quarter, so actually up a little bit year-over-year. I guess, how should we think about the pace in investing, the trajectory for FRE margins from here, and once some of these initiatives get to fully scale, kind of what you see as a more reasonable run rate couple of years from now?
Michael Chae: Look, I think, you correctly noted, Alex, that our FRE margins have really enjoyed a great trajectory over time. I think we're up about 500 basis points over the last couple of years. And we think over the long term, those margins, while we may not continue to increase at sort of that pace, we'll be stable to expanding over the long run, over the medium to long run. In a very short term, I should note, in the next couple of quarters, principally, because of the Franklin Square exit that will pose a bit of a headwind on FRE growth and perhaps margin, but I don't want to make too much of that, but that's worth noting. I'd say at the margin, the current spending on initiatives is also a marginal drag. And so that's reflected in the current FRE and will be reflected for - in the coming couple quarters. But the overall message is one of medium- to long-term stability around margin to expansion around margin. In terms of the kind of contribution of initiatives, it really varies. And one that we talked a lot about is the insurance area, and that's one where there will be multiple and/or there will be multiple different elements to that strategy and the types of insurance assets we'll manage under investment - under IMAs, a portion of which could be sub-advised to direct LP relationship insurance companies. So they are all varieties of that. I'd say overall, a significant portion of those assets over time, not only do we think they could scale, but the long run, I underscore long-run, marginal contribution characteristics of those dollars are very attractive.
Stephen Schwarzman: Let me just jump in. Our goal was invest in the future. So in our FRE for some period of time there have been a lot of different investments to the future. I think this one of the things that we're proud of that we constantly do that. So this is - there is investment in the future, but it is not different from the past in that way. The other thing is, our permanent capital vehicles, which will account for more and more of the business and are accounted for more and more of the business have very attractive - once they get to the scale, very attractive FRE margins. So as they scale, so you'll see that having more and more impact on our margins.
Operator: Your next mission will come from the line of Bill Katz, Citigroup.
William Katz: Maybe for Jon, since first time in this format. A two-part question. So you've been with the firm for a long time as Steve highlighted, and I think, the firm itself has highlighted a fair amount of opportunity over the next several years. How should we think about, from your perspective, where else you might see some growth? And then maybe a bit more tactically, I wonder one of the prospects again to stock is rates up bad for Blackstone's real estate book? Can you walk us through a little bit more how you think about the real estate platform against that kind of backdrop?
Jonathan Gray: I'd say a couple of things. Michael and Steve touched on it. Clearly, this retail and insurance push are in very early days. If you dimensionalize it you'd say in our traditional institutional world, those are $50 trillion call to capital, where the pension funds and sovereign wealth funds allocate 25%-plus to alternatives. In retail and insurance, those are $50 trillion in the case of retail, $30 trillion in the case of insurance pool to the capital that have low single digit allocations to alternatives. That creates a lot of wide space. Now the nature of the products, because of regulatory capital requirements, because of maybe yield requirements and liquidity requirements from retail investors may have to be a little different. But the basic idea that people want high-quality investment management at reasonable prices we think that what's worked in the institutional world can work in these two other worlds and we're seeing it in real time. Michael mentioned BREIT. The private REIT market did not necessarily attract the highest-quality managers and people were charging off a lot, we've moved into that space with a really high-quality product and the markets responded. And so we see this as areas of tremendous growth that are also synergistic to what we do across the firm because we get more information, more deal flow, it's very beneficial. So those are big. I would also say, generally, over time, little more emphasis on growth, which means more exposure to Asia. You've seen we're raising - we just completing raising our second Asia fund, in real estate. We're raising our first Asia fund in private equity. I think Asia, given its growth significantly higher than Europe and the U.S., we like more exposure, our investors would like more exposure there. And then related to growth, of course, technology, life sciences, those are areas where we're doing investing today in Tactical Opportunities and in private equity. But over time, there could be opportunities to raise dedicated funds there. So I think as a firm, we've done a fair amount, we've done well. I think we can raise more dedicated capital. So there is no shortage of areas to grow. The key thing, of course, and related to Steve's comments are the virtuous cycle requires that we deliver great returns. So whichever area we go into, we have to make sure that we have the right team, the right process, we feel like the market, it's the right time to enter that market and we can deliver returns. And then once we do, as you've seen, with us putting up very low capital, we can grow quite a bit. And so I think there's a lot of room over time. I know there's always been a concern of Blackstone is so big, are you near some sort of ceiling and people continually be surprised. Steve pushes us, says core+ could be $100 billion, some folks laughed, and Steve of course, be the last person laughing here. Because he has seen the power of the franchise and what we can do as long as we deliver for investors. So that's one. On rates, yes, rates rising have - can have an adverse impact on pretty much all assets, certainly, fixed income, on real estate, on corporate. The question is in that kind of environment what do you want to own because not everything goes down in a rising rate environment. The things that do well, of course, floating rate assets on the fixed income side, which we've done a lot of in GSO, in our real estate debt business. And on the corporate and real estate side, its assets that grow faster. And so to do that, you need to either buy assets or you're intervening in a big way as we've been doing on the private equity side with some of these corporate carve-outs or in sectors where we have real faith in the growth. And that has been global logistics for us as an example, in real estate, where push online has led to much faster growth. And as Michael pointed out in his comments, the big holdings in real estate for us are definitely more growth oriented, Indian office buildings, life science buildings, single-family housing in the U.S. and in Spain. We've tried to prepare for what we think is coming, which is an environment of higher rates. You can't hide completely, obviously. But I think, as a firm, we've oriented our portfolio that way. We talked about BREIT, that portfolio is almost 50% in logistics versus 8% for the public REIT index. It got almost no retail versus 20% for the public REIT index. So as you think about investing, you don't just buy the market when you're us, you buy teams you truly believe in, you buy assets where you can intervene. And that's how you see the kind of outperformance we delivered in this quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Patrick Davitt, Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: Could you flush out the negative distress mark a little bit more, any idiosyncratic marks there, any real credit stress in the portfolio or really just a reflection of the high-yield index? And within that theme, are you - in terms of deals being done away from you, are you seeing any kind of increase in risky lending occurring, and I guess, what people broadly call the shadow lending sector?
Michael Chae: Patrick, its Michael. I'll take the first, maybe Jon will take the second. On the distressed, which I would call flattish to slightly down, which is probably a bit - actually better than the high yield index, really idiosyncratic, and sort of a name specific basis for the performance, which was generally pretty good. So that's - no particular trend there. That portfolio has a fair amount of energy in it, but the energy names basically weren't detractors or additive. They performed about the same.
Hamilton James: Yes, and I would say on the leverage side, we haven't seen markets move to a place that make you really nervous. High-yield spreads have been tightening. Leverage levels on private equity deals have been moving up. But overall, when you look at the banking system and the discipline out there, we're not seen excesses. And so I think that's a healthy sign. If you wanted to say what could cause you to be nervous? When you start to see excesses in the banking system and financing that's a sign of caution. We don't see that out there today. But we are seeing leverage slowly creep up and we're watching that.
Jonathan Gray: And Tony makes a good point, which is, the strength of the economy is helping to offset things. If you just look at the growth, we talked about it, but we had in our private equity portfolio, probably our strongest quarter in the last 3 or 4 years in terms of EBITDA growth for our companies, and obviously, that's very helpful in the leverage context.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Mike Cyprys, Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the insurance business initiatives. You've mentioned that insurance investors don't have much in the way of alternative allocations today. But you also mentioned that there are some differences with this investor base in the way of regulatory and liquidity requirements. So could you talk about the types of solutions that you can offer, how you're tailoring these products versus insurance investor base, what you're doing differently than peers in this space? And just lastly, if you can comment on the risk analytics offering for alternative credit products. It seems like a new direction for Blackstone just in terms of offering technology solutions? Sorry, for the long question.
Jonathan Gray: Okay. On the products, I think, insurers just as backdrop, their challenge is, traditionally they bought government bonds and corporate bonds, which delivered adequate return for them. And of course, in a very low-interest rate environment that doesn't work. Also, their liabilities have been going up because of longevity. So they're looking for higher returns. What can they do? They can do more even under their constrained regulatory capital requirements. They can do more of our traditional alternative products. So that's stop number one. Number two are more structured products that may have the appropriate ratings that meet their NAIC requirements, but generate higher returns on average. And that can be in areas like CLOs, it can be in nonconforming mortgages, on the resi side, it can be in commercial mortgage debt. There's a whole universe of things that we touch. If I can just give you a simple example, in the commercial real estate space, we often will make mortgages, sell off the A loan, hold on to a B piece. For the folks who owned that A loan that's a very attractive piece of paper and gets good capital treatment. So there's opportunity inside of our firm given activities we're already conducting to generate favorable risk-adjusted returns for them. But I do think to this product because there's so much demand from the underlying insurers, the key thing we'll be able to deliver to them these things that work in a regulatory framework for them. I think that's really the key. And again, that's why, I think, Blackstone is so well positioned. Because of the breadth of our platform, because we're in credit and private equity and real estate, in debt and equity, we're pretty uniquely set up. I think it's harder for other forms to deliver what we can.
Michael Cyprys: Just on the technology offering on the analytics side for insurance?
Michael Chae: Yes, Michael, we're not planning near term having an external technology offering. We're proud of the technology we developed. Often we - and other times we have spun some of that as third-party capable, but there's nothing near term on that at this point.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Rob Lee, KBW.
Robert Lee: I'm just curious, I mean, there's obviously a lot of - you have a lot of new business initiatives taking place as you pointed out for a while now. And I'm just curious, given it seems like there's so many opportunities ahead of you, I'm more curious about where you don't think there's any alternative space, where are places you're not that interested. I mean, obviously, doing side things like investment-grade credit or liquid listed equities. Where in the alternative space, you think, geez, it's just not a market we're interested in, would it be venture capital or something, just trying to get a feel for where you think is just - and why you think that wouldn't be something you'd be interested in?
Stephen Schwarzman: I think for us it's really a scale question. If there are markets, we look at some emerging market areas where we just can't deploy capital and scale, that doesn't work. Some of the true VC stuff, may be, again, harder for us. As part of larger platforms, there may be an opportunity. In general, we look at most of the alternative space as attractive to us. So we'll get to it over time. I think the question we often get is, do we want to go into, let's say, long only listed equities. And the answer is generally no, maybe there are some exceptions in very targeted areas. But we look at alternatives broadly globally, still see a lot of runway. But the short answer to your question, really where we can't get the scale to where we wouldn't go.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ken Worthington, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: Just maybe a follow-up on Franklin Square. In your comments to replace the direct lending business, you mentioned both institutional and retail products here. Is the likely path likely be more retail or institutionally focused? And on the retail side, does the SEC's fiduciary rules outlined by the SEC sort of impact your ability to or maybe how you reach retail here? And then maybe lastly, based on your conversations with the various investors, how does the fundraising environment look for direct lending right now?
Joan Solotar: Hey, Ken, it's Joan. So we will start institutionally and in retail initially with the big wirehouse platform. This will ultimately be much more retail-oriented product. I think that's where most of the eventual growth will come. In terms of demand and DOL and all the other changes, I think, similar to how we thought about constructing BREIT is how we're giving a lot of thought to our product. And I think we think about pricing net returns to the investor, how we deliver it, service all of that will be delivered with the same excellence as we do everything else year. So we are very optimistic that we're going to be able to replace that capital over the next few years.
Kenneth Worthington: Okay. Fair enough. And then just maybe to follow on Craig's question earlier. On the repurchase authorization, you tripled it, the $1 billion is sort of the splashy number, but the message around it seems kind of water down with the primary use to really just offset dilution, which seemed pretty limited anyway. So just when was the last time you actually used the authorization - not the authorization, when is the last time you actually used it to buy stock and was it ever in the open market? And what ultimately is the message we should take away here, again, it feels part splashy, part boring, but what really should we think here?
Michael Chae: Ken, I'll start, it's Michael. And it's the first time we have been accused of splashiness, but we will take that as an example. Look, first of all, the $1 billion, your splashy number, that is about 5% of our pre-flow, public flow, which I think is, in line with sort of median sizing for companies programs. We think it's a sensible number. As I mentioned, we've always been fairly disciplined on managing organic dilution. And we want to be more aggressive here. Putting - neutralizing organic dilution as a parameter around this program, we think, makes sense to put sort of scale and structure and also allow us to execute with some consistency programmatically over time and not just sort of fire and forget as it sometimes the case. You asked about history. We utilized about 20%-or-so of that original authorization, 25% quite early on, and it was generally not open market purchases. So I would view this, while we inherit legacy program, it's really a de novo program with the distinctive kind of new approach. And we think it makes sense and it's the step we want to take. And ultimately, what we're thinking all the time about how to start shareholder value, we're in a position now with our balance sheet having growing steadily stronger and giving us more and more flexibility, our free flow has steadily expanded to point where we can do these things without impairing liquidity in the stock. So we're in a great position and we're constantly thinking about how to do things to sort of value over the long term.
Stephen Schwarzman: I just would add to Michael's comments. This group, this cable, in particular, but across the firm's, highly shareholder focused, the employees own 50% of the company, we do pay out 85% of our distributable earnings, this is going to be incremental to that. And we're constantly thinking about what's the way to maximize value for this company and trying to get the market to recognize the quality of the business we operate.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Glenn Schorr, Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Just one quick follow-up. So you mentioned the net accrued carry in three years, obviously, this quarter had a little volatility in it. Just curious, I'm not sure if anything got postponed, delayed in the volatility backdrop, but maybe thoughts on what the near-term and more intermediate pipeline might look like for exits?
Michael Chae: Sure, Glenn. Look, I think, as we said at the beginning of the year, 2017 was always going to be a tough act to follow. It's also early in the year from a visibility standpoint. And as always, these things are market dependent. Having said that, the performance receivable growth point is, as you know, an important one, and not only did it grow 9% year-over-year, we grew 8% just in the quarter. So as you know that's the nature of our business model that a quarter where you see less exiting is a quarter where you often also see even more growth in terms of value in the ground. Another way of thinking about it is our unrealized fair market value of our investments, our dry down investments is actually up 16% in the last 12 months. So even during the time we sold a tremendous amount, our position has gotten meaningfully stronger, which is a great place to be. So we're obviously active in looking at X opportunities in the real estate area. We have a number of things in - both in Europe and U.S. under contract. So we're - it's our constant process of refilling the cupboard and we feel really good about our position over the long term.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Devin Ryan, JMP.
Devin Ryan: In Private Wealth Solutions, you touched on direct lending. Can you talk about any other kind of newer initiatives that could be coming? And then obviously the education process, just trying to think about that as you're rolling out newer products into what seemed to be an increasingly kind of wide distribution network, and obviously, the industry is pretty fragmented as you get beyond kind of the wirehouses, just trying to think about how you do that as you continue to grow and add new products as well?
Joan Solotar: Sure. So I think the best way to think about it is that the growth is going to come from further penetration of the channels that we are already in and that's a huge opportunity. Second that we're expanding into other channels like independent broker-dealer and RIA. And then third, which is new product. On each of those, there's a big pull based on the comments that were made earlier, which is essentially $0.97 of every dollar is still in daily liquidity product at a time when you have longevity issues, need for yield and return and you have a lot of advisers who historically just haven't been well educated enough in the alternative spectrum to feel confident putting it in the portfolios, even though their firms are recommending that. So we started with Blackstone University. We've had about 3500 advisors go through that. But we're really doing lot more in terms of pushing things out digitally. We're having regional roadshows. We're really trying to address hundreds of thousands of advisors, rather than the small number. So we have initiatives in all of those areas, I think, you'll continue to see new products rolling out. We have one additional separate from the BDC, a credit product that's a floating rate. Really, what are we trying to address? We want uncorrelated returns, we want to be able to protect against rising interest rates and inflation. And we want to increase the overall returns of their portfolios. And I think this last quarter, as was mentioned earlier, really highlighted that in a period of volatility, that is what we can provide the value propositions there and so there's a lot more pull. And we are the only firm really with excellence and returns across every alternative area. So it's not just individual product we can weave together in higher solutions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Carrier, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Just a quick one, Jon. I think on the other call you mentioned some of the - like whether its strategic initiatives or growth outlook, and - one was maximizing your shareholder value. Given what you guys laid out, I think, you got the growth, your outlook kind of nailed down. But when we think about either the growth in FRE, which recently has been very strong, but even like the consistency of the distribution or even expanding the ownership base, like where may be incrementally you're going to be more focused over the next few years given that what has already been kind of put in place?
Jonathan Gray: Yes, I think for us, the challenge with public markets is they tend to be pretty short term focused. And so one quarter markets are off and we may not sell as much and our results are lumpier than other companies. But if you look at our company over a longer period of time, the earnings power of the company and the AUM growth are unmistakable. And so for us, continuing to grow the business, which, as we talked about in that virtuous cycle, do a great job for investors, they give you more capital. When that occurs, that should lead to this growing fee - fee earning stream. And then performance fees, you should have a larger and larger base. I would say, continuing to execute against that strategy and showing market participants the power of this model, the idea that we have 50-plus percent margins, we utilize very little to no capital, we're in the terrific space. That we're going to continue to execute that way. Now around your question, specifically, are there things we can do to maximize value this quarter? We've got a couple, we've got a special dividend. We announced a buyback related to keeping our share count constant. We're constantly evaluating what's the right thing to do. We are a very shareholder-friendly company. We want to maximize value. But we have enormous confidence in the base business. I don't know many businesses in the world that can grow the way we do with so little capital. And the prospects, the sector therein has such a favorable outlook. So I know that doesn't answer what is next quarter or the following quarter. But just like this company has over 30 years, the last 10 years, five years, I think, the same story plays out. And I think market participants will begin to recognize this and appreciate us.
Stephen Schwarzman: Mike, let me just jump in too, what's not appreciated by the market is these permanent capital vehicles not only lock up your capital and scale to higher FRE margins, but they drive steadier carrier realizations. Because a bunch of them are going to be done episodically by investor on marks, out-forcing us to sell the asset. So it will have a smoothing effect, which, I think, will please the market, make it a higher multiple revenue stream.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: If I can just move to the infrastructure topic and the fundraising pace there I know you did, that's starting up a little bit more aggressively the second quarter. Maybe Jon, if you can talk about how you're viewing the pace of that fundraising over the next couple of years, whether you think you'll have the internal $20 billion target within the next three years and then what kind of opportunities are you seeing in that and what areas are looking a little bit more challenging?
Jonathan Gray: So the $20 billion, just to clarify, is a long long-term commitment from our lead investor. And that sort of sits on the shelf. And as we raise third-party capital and deploy it, we can call it down. We don't have any internal target for when we'll raise the outside money or how we'll deploy it over time. Will we deploy it, if that's the question, yes. We're pretty confident that in the fullness of time, we're going to raise matching funds and build a very large business. But there's no set time limit. And a lot of this is going to relate to the opportunity set and the deal flow. The good news out-of-the-box is, when you look across regular way infrastructure, when you look at midstream needs, utility needs, there's a lot of capital needed in these areas, and that gives us a lot of confidence about the scale this business can grow to. But we have not set a specific time limit or target. The nature of this commitment is very helpful for us. Because we're building again another long-term permanent capital vehicle, adding on to what Tony said. This is set up in a way, where once the funds go in, we'll have them for the long-term, which is the right way to own infrastructure assets. So this should grow to be very large, it should grow to be a permanent part of Blackstone. We're going to do it like everything we do in the right way. And the market and the opportunity set will determine how fast it happens.
Brian Bedell: Right, so you'd be very disciplined in deployment as you look at that?
Jonathan Gray: For sure. Disciple in deployment, but when big opportunities - what makes this fund, I think, particularly interesting is there's a shortage of large pools of capital that can do really big things at reasonable return levels. And we think that's an interesting part of the market. So we're hopeful big opportunities will come along. But as you said, we'll be disciplined.
Brian Bedell: Okay. Great. And then maybe just a follow-up, the C4 question, any updated thoughts on what you guys are thinking about that if KKR decides to move, I guess, they'll be the closest one to move in that direction if they decide to do so, how would that impact your view of whether - and to what extent you think in the shareholder friendly types of actions that you might be able to take going forward? How are you viewing that as a potential arrow in a quiver so to speak?
Michael Chae: Hey, Brian, it's Michael. What I'll just say is that I think that our posture is consistent with what we talked about last quarter. We're monitoring carefully all aspects of the issue. We're not in a hurry. This is a race that does not necessarily go to the swift and one shot making a thoughtful decision. So what some - what others of our peers do, if they do anything, we'll obviously observe and see what the learnings are and continue to look at this. And as we talked about and as maybe we demonstrated this quarter, we are open-minded about taking actions that we think are good over the long term for shareholders. But we want to be very careful about it.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Weston Tucker for any closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And please reach out to me with any questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter Year End 2017 Investor Call. My name is Derrick and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen only mode [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Derrick. Good morning and welcome to Blackstones fourth quarter conference call. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation, which are available on the shareholders page of our Web site. We expect to file our 2017 10-K report later this month. I would like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our most recent 10-K. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you will find reconciliations in the press release. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in Blackstone Fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone, and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $763 million for the fourth quarter and $3.4 billion for the full year. Economic net income, or ENI, per share was $0.71 for the quarter and $2.81 for the full year, and that full year amount is up 41% due to strong growth in both performance fees and fee-related earnings. Distributable earnings per common share were $1 for the quarter and $3.17 for the full year, both up sharply. We declared a distribution of $0.85 to be paid to holders of record as of February 12th and that brings us to $2.70 paid out with respect to 2017. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston and good morning, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone reported a superb set of results for the fourth quarter, capping a record breaking 2017. Full year economic net income rose over 40% as Weston mentioned. Distribution earnings rose over 80% to $3.9 billion, resulting in our best ever year of aggregate cash distributions to shareholders, which we believe exceeds the capital returns by any other public money manager to its shareholders. Our capital metrics in 2017 were simply off the chart; we took in $108 billion of capital inflows; we returned over $55 billion to our limited partners through realizations; and we deployed over $50 billion around the world, as we continue to expand our global platforms into new strategies, creating many new investment opportunities. In each of these areas, capital win flows, realizations and capital deployed, Blackstone set quarterly and full year records, both from the firm and for the alternative sector as a whole. We ended the year with total assets under management of $434 billion, up 18% year-over-year. The scale of our operations today is really fragmented and something I couldnt have imagined when I started this business with my partner Pete Peterson 32 years ago. Today, Blackstone is the largest manager globally and the referenced institution in the high returning alternative sector. We've established the most powerful brand among limited partner investors and have earned their trust over decades by delivering great performance with very limited actual losses of capital. As a result, our LP's are giving as more of their money to manage for both existing and new products as we expand our capabilities further along the alternative spectrum. Having built a dominant global franchise in the highest returning categories, such as corporate private equity and opportunistic real estate, this is the logical next stage of the Firms development. These new areas include more stabilized real estate, such as core+, longer dated private equity infrastructure, high grade credit and other areas. We can leverage our existing global teams and create new products to create a broader menu of solutions for limited partners. The marketplace for some of these products can be much larger than where we focused historically, and the size of the investments we can make here is also much larger. In addition, LPs often allocate more capital to these areas. And this is why despite the nearly five-fold growth in Blackstones AUM since our IPO ten years ago, I remain quite optimistic about the Firms prospects. We have more promising large scale and new initiatives underway today than even before in our history. For example, as Tony mentioned, a few weeks ago we launched Blackstone Insurance Solutions under the leadership of Chris Blunt, former president of New York Life Investments Group. There is an estimated $23 trillion thats with the team of insurances assets globally, a vast largely untapped market for us. And for just about anybody else accept strictly high grade seller of products. This will lead the effort to provide a range of bespoke investment solutions from high grade private growth to traditional alternatives, including the option for full outsource management of insurance investment portfolios. We are exceptionally well positioned to address this market, and I believe we can build the business well in excess of $100 billion of AUM overtime. We're off to a great start with $23 billion portfolio and investment management agreement with Fidelity & Guaranty Life, a portfolio go company in our tactical opportunities area, as well as our Harington partnership with AXIS. In addition to insurance, our infrastructure initiative is moving forward. We're still a few months away from our first close, and its too early to provide an estimate for the yet. But as you know, we have up to $20 billion commitment from a sovereign investor, which will flow into AUM as matching capital is raised. We ultimately expect this platform to be the largest of its kind in the world. In our real estate core+ area, we launched our European strategy a few months ago, which marries our U.S. strategy. We also won the mandate to manage Logicor, the Europe warehouse business recently sold by our BREP funds. As you may recall, we built this platform through over 50 acquisitions in '17 countries, culminating in the largest private real estate sale in European history. This sale was a tremendous result for our investors but the story doesnt end there. Given our favorable view of logistics globally, our familiarity with these assets and the strength of our team in Europe, the buyers subsequently asked us to manage Logicor for them on a long term basis. These successes bring our global core+ strategy to over $27 billion. When we launched this business a few years ago, I shared my vision it would eventually reach $100 billion. I've got a little bit of resistance to that from people around the firm. But I think were well on our way, and I think were going to do it. In addition to new strategies, were layering on additional distribution capabilities to access more investor channels, including broader outreach to the warehouses, private banks and independent brokers among others. Were developing new products specifically for those channels. For example, our non-traded REIT, BREIT, had an outstanding debut year, raising $2 billion since its launch last January. In our hedge fund area, our individual investors solutions platform now manages over $8 billion. And in credit, we just launched our first interval fund, which can be offered continuously to a broad universe of investors. The interval fund structure allows us to translate some of the key benefits of less liquid often privately negotiated alternative credit into vehicles that are more accessible for individuals. At Blackstone, our entrepreneurial culture means were always inventing new things in the interest of our limited partners it's a core competency of the firm. Even if the firm is growing, we've remained totally focused on delivering attractive investment performance in everything we do, it's the key to success in the future. We never lose sight of why LPs put their trust in us. We're often asked that size will be the enemy of returns. But as we continue to demonstrate scale is not a disadvantage in our business. Last year, we delivered strong returns across the board, including our real-estate opportunity funds, which appreciated 19.4% versus 5% for the public REIT index. I am going to give you that one again, because all these presentations are always a blizzard with numbers. But imagine appreciating in real-estate 19.4% versus 5% for the public REIT index. So were like 1,400 basis points over the standard measures and something like real-estate, it's pretty amazing. And our corporate private equity funds appreciated 17.6%. Our underlying portfolio companies, as Tony mentioned, are performing well against a healthy backdrop of strong economic growth and improving confidence. And I remain quite optimistic about the forward outlook. As I stated on this call last year, some of the major changes that have been underway in the United States, such as tax reform as well as the efforts to remove or reduce regulatory barriers, were designed to accelerate GDP growth and extend the business cycle. Were certainly seeing that today, and I believe that will stay the case for some time. These changes are also improving a relative attractiveness of the U.S. market, which I believe will drive greater foreign investment, something that's a little overlooked, I think, in most of the commentary on the tax reform measure. We will also see the repatriation of significant amounts of cash, although overseas by U.S. companies, much of which will be reinvested and used in other mechanisms as Tony said. All of this should serve to further benefit the U.S. economy and potentially extend the equity rally which has really been unbelievably powerful about 6% just in the first month, which I dont think can be annualized. Better growth will also benefit our portfolio companies in fund returns, which are principally driven by the cash flow growth of our assets. Although, robust markets pose challenges for investing, particularly for U.S. opportunistic deals, we're actually able to do more deals than ever because of our broader product mix. Today, we can find and invest in value basically anywhere in the world. Michael will discuss our deployment in more detail. Over the past few years, for example, that entire firm has tilted towards Europe, which comprise nearly 40% of our investments last year, and that looks backward, looking like it was a very wise thing to have done. We started the shift several years ago before the recovery gain momentum and people were still questioning whether Europe union would continue to exist. While weve largely moved pass those concerns, Europe is still early in its recovery and some remaining dislocations still remains in certain regions. Overall, I feel great about we're deploying capital and our ability to navigate in the current environment. I think Tony mentioned in our private equity area that we just signed an agreement to purchase the Thomson Reuters business, which is $20 billion scale investment, that I think is the largest private equity investment since the global financial crisis. In conclusion, the firm is operating at an incredibly high level. We continue to deliver attractive returns to investors, which is our mission. And we're doing it across more funds, more asset classes and more regions. We're staying disciplined in finding interesting ways to deploy capital, creating the basis for favorable future realizations. All of this leads to Blackstone being a significant cash generator which is our shareholders you benefit from. Since our IPO, if weve reinvested our distributions into Blackstone stock, youd have a cumulative return of over 120% in the last 10 years; could be better, it could be a lot, lot worse 120% over 10 years. Our 2017 dividend, 270 per share equates to 7.4% yield on our current stock price, which is one of the highest of any large company in the world, particularly among those that are A plus rated. As the largest shareholder, I personally find this to be compelling. And I think Blackstone and our shareholders alike, a lot to report to. Ive never been more excited about the future. And in that regard, I agree with Tony completely. We got so many exciting things going on here, so many remarkable people at the Firm, such good investment processes and such a unique ability to anticipate where the world is going and create new products. Its really lots of fun to come to work every day. And now, I'd like to turn things over to Michael Chae, who hopefully is having as much fun as I am.
Michael Chae: You can tell I am having lots of fun. Thanks Steve and good morning everyone. Our fourth quarter results represented a great finish to an exceptional year. Revenue, economic net income, distributable earnings and fee related earnings, all grew strongly in the quarter, including a near doubling of DE to $1.24 billion, one of our two best DE quarters ever. Full year results were even impressive. Revenue rose 35% to $6.8 billion, driven by 67% growth in performance fees and investment income. While the economic net income increased 41% to $3.4 billion. Fee related earnings rose 21% to over $1.2 billion for the full year or $1.03 per share, trending favorably to the high end of the path we outlined on last quarters call. Management fee revenue rose 12% and FRE margin expanded by 310 basis points to 44.6%, our highest ever for a calendar year. Distributable earnings increased 83% to $3.9 billion, also a record with two of our three best quarters falling during the year, both of which produced $1 or more per share of DE. As you know, our business model is powered by simple virtuous circle; inflows, deployment, value creation and harvesting. Over the past four years, the metrics reflecting these cornerstones of activity have been remarkably robust; $328 billion of inflows, $133 billion of deployments, $85 billion of depreciation and $183 billion of realizations. This has enabled us to deliver nearly $13 billion in distributable earnings over that time period or an average of $3.2 billion and $2.66 per unit annually. And we simultaneously grew AUM by $160 billion in this period or by two thirds and doubled our dry powder. While 2017 was just the most recent period in this trajectory, it was our most productive year across everyone of those value drivers. I'll now dig into each of these a bit more. Starting with inflows. Gross inflows were $62 billion in the quarter and $108 billion for the year, including the acquisition of Harvest, which added $11 billion. Excluding M&A, inflows of $97 billion still represented our best ever year despite not having either of the flagship global breadth or BCP funds in the market. Our previous record year 2015 included both of those funds, which accounted for over one third of that year's inflows. This illustrates an important and power full trend at the firm that we move well beyond the capacity limitations and episodic fund raising cycles of the traditional draw down funds. There are four key drivers to this development. First, we continue to move farther along the risk return spectrums, as Steve discussed, often through longer duration or permanent capital vehicles. Core+ real-estate and core private equity together raised $13 billion last year and now together account for $32 billion in AUM. Second, expanding the regional footprint of the existing strategies; in 2017, we raised over $16 billion with regional strategies; $6 billion for our second Asia real-estate fund, which will soon hit at $7 billion cap; $1.6 billion for our first Asia private equity fund, which we expect to hit us $2 billion cap; the extension of core+ into Europe and the final close of our fifth European opportunistic real-estate fund, which reached nearly $9 billion. Third, our newer strategies continue to scale with large successor funds, as well as new adjacencies. Tac Opps and Strategic Partners, for example, together raised $8 billion last year, bringing them to a combined $43 billion of AUM. Fourth and very importantly, the emerging high growth distribution channels of retail and insurance, which Steve discussed. Retail comprised $12 billion in flows in 2017, more than 70% of which came from products customized exclusively for this channel. In insurance, our investment management agreement with FG, covering over $22 billion of AUM, provides us a formidable anchor position from which to build out this effort. This AUM is sticky long duration capital with recurring stream. Overtime, a growing proportion will be invested in Blackstone Fund. The prospects to significantly grow this business as an evergreen source of capital from the Firm are compelling, and in just one part of a broader multi dimensional insurance strategy. Most insurance companies have very small allocations to alternatives today, and we're confident we can create solutions to lift the returns with our combination of products and scale. Tax deployment. We invested over $50 billion for the full year, including $20 billion in each of our private equity and real estate segments and $10 billion in our credit segment, which was a record for each of those segments. And we have over $12 billion of investments signed but not yet closed, so we entered 2018 with considerable momentum. How are we doing it? This large number is in fact spread across a broad spectrum of strategies and risk return profiles. So within private equities $20 billion of segment of deployments, we had $9 billion in 2017 of higher octane corporate private investments, focused on situations where there is compelling opportunity for operational intervention and value creation, it was recently illustrated as Steve alluded to by our agreement this week to acquisition Thomson Reuters financial risk business. $1.5 billion were in long duration high quality core private equity investments, $5 billion in Tac Opps flexible mandate to uncover attractive risk adjusted returns in the eclectic places they hide all around world, and $5 billion in SPs leading secondaries business, which spans buyouts, growth equity, real estate and infrastructure. Similarly, within real estates $20 billion of segment deployment, $6 billion of opportunistic, over $9 billion in our evergreen core plus platform, $1.4 billion in BREIT and nearly $3 billion in real estate to-date. Blackstone growth and diversification allow us to do three things once; provide more complete solutions to our clients needs across their portfolios; to leverage and extend existing organizational capabilities into new ones; and to provide incremental opportunities that wouldnt have been available to us otherwise as opposed to displacing investments by BREP and BCP. Indeed, while the Firms deployment of $51 billion in 2017 was nearly double our 2014 pace by comparison, BREP and BCP together invested a consistent $15 billion in both of those years actually. However, our investment pace and emerging a range of other strategies more than tripled from $11 billion in 2014 to $35 billion in 2017. All of this is quite positive in terms of building a diverse store value to drive future distributions. Moving to investing performance, the measure of that ongoing value creation and the capital we have deployed. Across the firm, the funds delivered outstanding performance in 2017. The real estate opportunity funds appreciated 5.2% in the quarter and 19% for the full year, while the corporate private equity funds appreciated 6.8% and 18% respectively. For the year Tac Opps appreciated 15%, strategic partners 23%, core+ real estate 12%, spreads drawdown 15%, BREIT 10%, BAM 8% and GSO 11% and 8% in the performing credit and stress clusters respectively. BREP, corporate PE and SP, each posted their best returns since 2014, BAM since 2013 and Tac Opps since inception in 2012. Strong performance across the funds powered $585 million of net performance fees in the quarter and $2.2 billion for the year. As a result, the performance fee receivable on the balance sheet was stable in the year, with that $2.2 billion in net performance fee accrual nearly matching the $2.3 billion in net performance fee distributions. Said another way, the unrealized value we created in 2017 fully replenish the Firms store value even as we paid out more cash than ever before. Finally, on realizations, which were $19 billion in fourth quarter and $55 billion for the full year. The breadth of our sales activity was immense with 240 discreet realization events in 2017 across the Firm and around the world. These included the largest private sale in the Firms history Logicor plus multiple other private sales. We also completed 37 equity transactions, totaling $12.5 billion in the public markets, including the continued sell down of our stake in our highly successful investment in Hilton, and we executed $50 billion of portfolio company refinancings during the year. The Firm's ability to achieve monetizations through so many different means is a key driver of value delivery for our shareholders. I'll now wrap up by touching on two discreet topics of note, first with respect to our direct lending efforts. As previously announced, we will conclude our sub-advisory relationship with Franklin Square in the second quarter, affecting $20 billion of AUM with the net impact to FRE in the year of approximately $50 million. We view this decision as compelling from a financial and strategic point of view. The $583 million of pretax transactional payments we will receive, will significantly exceed earnings foregone as we ramp our new platform overtime. And we are confident that we will replace and ultimately overtake the prior level of revenues and earnings. We will do so by having sole ownership and control over our platform, allowing us to fully leverage three powerful assets of Blackstone and GSO; first, our leading direct lending franchise and origination platform; second, our extraordinary institutional LP base, which we will now be able to tap into for this strategy; and third, as both Steve and I touched on earlier, a rapidly growing internal retail distribution capabilities in our private wealth solutions area; the same capabilities that we leverage this year with BREIT to capture an estimated 45% share of the non-traded REIT market, which draws from similar channels as of the BDC market. We expect the separation date and initial receipt of proceeds to occur in the second quarter. We anticipate that a substantial institutional capital base will be put in place and activated in parallel, and that subsequently well enter the BDC channel later this year. As to the use of transaction proceeds, well provide specifics on the second quarter. Finally, on the impact of tax reform. At high level, the new law won't resolve many fundamental change to our business model in terms of how we make investments, finance our deals or our competitive position in the market. At the portfolio level, we expect the net positive benefit overall. In private equity, the direct impact varies by company, some benefit materially for a broad group that is basically neutral and almost none appear to be materially adversely impacted. In real-estate, our holdings are generally unaffected directly at the asset level by the legislation. And in credit, we expect our borrowers to be impacted in a similar fashion to our corporate holdings. With regard to credit markets more generally, tax reform should in theory moderately increase the cost of debt relative to equity, but we don't expect it to fundamentally change demand for credit or ability to deploy capital. Perhaps even more impactful are the potential second order effects on economic growth and business activity that can arise from this legislation as Steve discussed from which our companies are well positioned to benefit we believe. As it relates to our structure, the resolution of tax reform gives us a clear picture of the cost of converting to the C Corp. That cost must be weighed again judgments about the magnitude and sustainability of potential market benefits. These judgments are not an exact signs and we will continue to evaluate the issue taking into account any new information and developments. So in closing, while 2017 is a tough act to follow, we entered 2018 with exceptional momentum. We have never been better positioned as a firm. Our brand, culture, track record and capacity to innovative, have never been stronger and we're in the early days of attacking newer channels for products of enormous potential scale. These are indeed exciting times for the firm. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just thought maybe I would start off on tax reform, sounds like youre evaluating puts and takes there. So just curious how you see the impact to say your 2017 if you were a C Corp. What tax sort of tax leakage would there be, just if you can help flush it, how to quantify that, what the tax rate would look like? And then just broadly how you're thinking about the puts and takes around potential for multiple expansion if you were or brought at Investor Day, shall I say, if you were to move to a C Corp?
Michael Chae: And we put out a nice report on this yesterday. I think stepping back as you know. This involves a cost benefit analysis all in the context of what's best for our shareholders over the long-term and on a sustainable basis. And the tricky thing about that cost benefit analysis, as you know, the cost is known and quantifiable now. And the benefits are not precisely quantifiable before the fact. So on the cost side, just to relate to your question Mike, with tax reform and tax rates now settled, we can do that math. The leakage on a DE per common unit basis is in the teens on a percentage basis. That varies based on the mix of character of income in a given year, as you know, but thats the area. And look, on the benefit side as we discussed, were going through judgments and assessments of a lot of different factors. And as you said, its all in the context of what the multiple expansions would be require to generate long-term benefit to justify this decision. So we're thinking through that carefully. We think more time and information will benefit our judgments on this, and we dont view this as a race.
Michael Cyprys: And just as a follow up if I could with the transaction you announced yesterday, the largest deal in size I believe its from Hilton. Just curious how you're seeing some of the opportunities there around data and just broadly that you're seeing out there in the marketplace opportunities to use data technology automation to companies, industries right for change and disruption. And then as you look across your company today, do you feel you have all the capabilities and toolkits to accomplish that. Where do you think you need to expand your expertise?
Michael Chae: We're big believers in data. And in fact as we speak, our entire private equity group is in everyone, down from Joe Baratta down to the most junior guys is in Palo Alto attending something called Singularity University, and getting steeped in new technologies, technology disruption, use of data and so on so forth. We've also built an internal data group, which is now participating with all of our different groups in brining Big Data applications to the investment process and starting to mine our own portfolio of companies or data that has value, both in terms of our own investments and potentially third party market value. We're big believers in data and thats certainly a driver behind the Thomson Reuter business. There the most valuable part of that business by far is the data part, the terminals are the legacy business for which people think of them, but that's not where the future of that company is. Having said all that, I think this is a journey that were just beginning. And while we've got a team, it will take more investment in the team, it will take somewhat of a cultural change, it will take education around our people, it affects all of our businesses, not just the investment side of the businesses but how we do things internally and processes. For example, were starting to use AI to screen job applicants and some things like that. So we want to be the leading firm in our industry in the use and application of technology and data.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Ken Worthington, JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: First with tax reform done the congressional priority seem to be shrink infrastructure. Maybe talk about how a major infrastructure package from congress would impact your aspirations and infrastructure. And what I'm really hoping to hear is how you can help me connect to dots between what congress can accomplish in legislation and how that helps you find opportunities to invest and generate excess returns? Thanks.
Steve Schwarzman: The U.S. is estimating to be roughly $2 trillion minimum short in terms of what's optimum to have in infrastructure. And I think the state of the Union of President mentioned that he had a proposed package of $1.5 trillion. For people like ourselves in our fund, we've geared it to the private sector, because it's very kludgy historically trying to do things with couple of sectors. The two pieces of what the President mentioned, the first was timing, the U.S. is the slowest -- I can't say it's the slowest country in the world, because I havent surveyed every country but it's completely an outlier in the developed world. It takes typically 10 years or more to get things approved in Canada and Germany, for example, it's two years. So were five times less effective, which increases the cost of everything that gets done, discourages people from new taking projects and basically limits the asset class and that's that. And of course not all things the governments do could be bought by the private sector, because a lot of them dont have cash flow. But to the extent that they do, this provides additional opportunities to put money out in scale. And that would be a -- could only be, I believe and my General Counsel maybe jumping up and down, but it could only be a good thing in principle to have more opportunities of different types. And the question is how much money will go into these. So the proposal I think, its a mix proposal of federal government money, state and local, and private public partnerships and that gets up to that $1.5 trillion number. We're in the private partners focused on private partnership, and that would be cheery on a Sunday for us. We have the Sunday in terms of what we think were going to be doing in the private sector, but its only upside if you will from more things to finance. But particularly if they can agree on just the efficacy of doing infrastructure, try not to make it the least competitive country in the developed world to give us a shot, and thats got to be very good for this overall asset class.
Michael Chae: Ken, I'm going to chime in and just look at it from the perspective of the fun, and not so much the country. We dont need any improved legislation or regulatory system to invest this fund really well. There is tons of existing assets out there. One of the fine characteristics are some of these infrastructure assets, many of which are in protected industries, regulated industries. By definition, the structure of a true infrastructure business gives it a quasi-monopoly. And many of those companies are actually rewarded based on what they have invested after all their costs are recovered. So theres no incentive at all for those companies to be run better and sharper and crisper. And thats just not the environment that they exist in. So we think that there is tons of targets out there where we can bring our value creation capabilities which are honed in highly competitive private sector industries and imply this industry and create tons of value, even in the existing regulatory scheme, what Steve talked about will be fantastic. I'm all for it, and I think we're getting both -- we talk to both republicans and democrats, no one wins with this ridiculously slow system we have. But I think there is tons to do even without it.
Ken Worthington: And just for a follow up, in terms of real estate investments, so I think $11 billion invested this quarter, big number, largely in BPP and some here from what I saw. Can you talk about the outlook for investment in the flagship U.S. BREP area, and maybe estimate the value of the pipeline announced but not yet closed for BREP? I dont know if you give that kind of detail, but I thought Id try.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, Ill Michael to think about the specific number on the pipeline. But look since the great financial crisis values have certainly recovered and we're a value buyer. I would say that weve shifted our focus from one off individual assets more towards under managed companies, and some things like that undervalued companies. We just announced a big deal in Canada, as you saw, so we're finding things to do but they will be lumpy and large scale where we optimized some of our advantages vis--vis other buyers. So the pipeline is smaller, but still we got some interesting things in it.
Michael Chae: In terms of the committed and not yet deployed number, Ken, for real estate, I cited over $12 billion real estate is about half of that.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Bill Katz, Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Just can you Steve perhaps talk a little bit more about the opportunity in insurance, I think you mentioned this could get to be $100 billion business for yourself. And talk about maybe the slope to getting there and how you see the economics from that. Is it just an asset allocation opportunity like some of your peers are doing, or is it an opportunity also to manage some capital and how much of a revenue pick-up could you get from that?
Steve Schwarzman: I think the answer is both. It's really interesting when you have an asset class and difficulty, because of combination of low interest rates almost across the world, as well as a very restrictive regulatory environment that discourages higher return products even if theyre safe, that's what happens sometimes in the regulatory world. And we think there is an opportunity for us to help manufacture products. So we probably -- we are the largest generator of feeds in the financial world. We generated last year I think somewhere around $160 billion, $170 billion of financings on our different products internally. We have a unique range of things that we do from real-estate and creations of lot of chat on real-estate to private equity in our credit products. And all of these can be, we believe, adopted or customized to create products to satisfy the needs of increased return with safety, if it is asset class. And to the extent that we can do that, which we think we can, why wouldnt you want to do enormous amount of business with us if it increases your return and youre in the insurance area and you think it's safe, because it is. And so we look at this as a very, very large potential set, because there is almost no insurance company that isnt to some degree or another, suffering from the low yields and the regulatory reserve requirements that makes life really difficult for them. So it's all truly an issue of manufacturing on our end rather I think than from marketing per se.
Michael Chae: Let me give the little more color on that. I think there are three things we bring to the party. Number one of course, we bring our existing products to the party. And they are all, as Steve mentioned, under allocated to alternatives, in general. And part of that is -- cultural part that is historical and part of that is regulatory and capital. So first thing well do is be able to offer those on higher returns and lower risk to our core products, and of course those will have the usual fees and carry that we usually charge. The second thing is they are all short of private and credit worthy assets, so investment grade private as to why private, because private get for the same credit risk, create yield -- yields a significant yield premium. And that yield premium is very important to them. For the most part insurance companies do not have their own origination. We have origination that is what GSO does, its what our real estate debt business does and so on. And in fact in our equity businesses, we're creating the very kind of paper that they want but instead of having a place and set of investors to give it to, we're selling it into the market. So we're already creating billions and billions of paper that they are short and we're long. So obviously, it doesn't take a genius to put those two things together. Thirdly, were able to -- we have some -- we worked on this with some of our existing insurance clients. We have several proprietary structures that other people have not done that embed our products and structures, which give much better regulatory and rating capital treatment for our kind of products. No one else is doing this. Frankly, no one else has the mix and the breath of products to do it. And so we bring this new technology to the insurance companies that allow them to put a lot more of their balance sheet into our products than they otherwise could without hitting their ratings and capital. So I think we have a very, very powerful product mix and I think this could be huge over the years.
Bill Katz: And then just a follow up, Steve, on some of the attritional asset management report before you, theres been some discussion of migration back out alternatives back into more traditional product. But yes, when I see your results and some of the peers have reported, and its hard to see that on a real time basis. Are you sensing any type of cap in terms of where the LPs are with your recent lunch with investors you had mentioned that some of these caps are being raised to accommodate franchise like yourselves have a goal on perspective. But are we at a point where this is as good against or do you think that there is still room to go on the institutional side to grow the business.
Steve Schwarzman: I dont see those caps. And what happening is it was interesting, I was with somebody who runs a very large, own largest funds in the world and he was at Davos and he was saying, jeez youre by far our largest JV. But this is just still amazing, operating with you, we just keep expanding. And youre in a class of your own. And so we're not seeing that kind of friction. At this point, you have to remember, were in so many different businesses, and each business line were in, we just dont invest in one thing, a fund normally have it was private equity fund, it will have 50 different investments something like that with a lot of diversification, same with the real estate fund, same with the credit fund. So the market is quite knowledgeable and sophisticated that there is lots of diversification in terms of risk, its not the same as different types of money managers in that sense. So I think we're feeling pretty comfortable. In fact, we have a steady stream of dialogs where people are contacting us who are our LPs who want to make major increases in their size as part of what term of art, I guess, strategic partnerships. And these are very large chunky kinds of things that lock-in relationships where its not necessarily just, hi I've got a fund please buy my fund. And so in that sense, I would say it's going the opposite of what your concern is.
Tony James: Bill, theres plenty of industry surveys that survey LP intentions, and they all show LP is putting more alternatives in the fastest growing segment of alternatives as private equity.
Bill Katz: And perhaps just one more question, and I apologize and I said two, but Michael you had mentioned that starting the cost benefit analysis and I certainly appreciate what you know versus what you dont know. So from our perspective and obviously a lot of time to figure this out, we know the specifics now, the tax reform. What milestones should we be thinking about that gets you to figure out which way to go, whether it's a converged stage of PTP. Is it just how the stock behaves? Is it potential inclusion in index dual structure of the company? Just trying to understand where from here we should be thinking about in terms of key points of decision making?
Steve Schwarzman: Bill, I wouldnt think of it in terms of concrete milestones. There is a variety of factors and we're going to assess them overtime. And Bill, there is no rush. There is a little bit the market of having a rush to judgment here. This is a decision we make once and it's forever. So as Michael said, we're not in any rush to make it.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just wanted to come back to the insurance business. Can you talk about your ability to use FGL as an acquisition vehicle for smaller insurance companies in close box? And then also what is the appetite to replicate the strategy in Europe where leverage ratios can go even higher? And then like the final part of the question is really what are the incremental margins on this business as you grow revenue and really scale it?
Steve Schwarzman: So first of all, we are in the business of continuing to acquire insurance companies and close box, not necessarily through FGL although it could happen there. But we have a several insurance vehicles, number one. Number two, yes Europe and Asia are both definitely on our radar screen. And number three, this is one of those businesses where I actually think it's a lower fee business but a higher margin business like so many of our other businesses where once you get over the start up cost, its very high incremental margin. I'm not going to quantify that for now.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs.
AlexBlostein: Question for you guys around the private equity deal structures, and really dovetailing on the Thomson Reuters deal announced couple of days ago. So as we look out, obviously very significant deal, the largest since in several years. Do you guys expect the size of private equity deals to increase in the coming years relative to what we've seen? What are you seeing in terms of leverage and availability of leverage? And I guess more importantly, should we think about more partnership type of deals like we saw with this one that would really enable to write larger size transactions?
Steve Schwarzman: So one of the advantages of having a large global multi-sector fund is we can go where the opportunities are. And historically youve probably seen, well do some startup investing, whether in different areas of the world or different industries, drilling oil well, or whatever all the like as the biggest buyouts and well do it across regions and well do it across sectors. And that ability to go where the opportunities are is really important for our being able to sustain high returns. An important element of that is being able to do deals that are very, very large, because sometimes thats where we find the best opportunity. In general, American business has gotten more efficient. So all of -- as Ive talked before even in this call, all of the value that we bring pretty much to our investors, is value we create operationally. So we're looking for things where we can go and make a significant difference to the management of the company. In this case, Thomson firmly believes that we could add a lot of value and that they wanted to participate in that value with us, which is why they stated for almost half of the equity. And so I think thats a win-win. I do think you will see some other large transactions; the debt markets are very liquid, very robust; interest rates are low. And in fact, in Thomson Reuters, we probably could have gotten more debt than we did, but we always like to have prudent capital structures. Its not about maximizing leverage. So yes, I think there will be some other big deals, but I dont think it will be a wave of them because each -- we're looking for deals not that we can just buy but where we have to create a lot of value, and thats not always the case, obviously. And then yes, the industry has changed. LPs have become increasingly interested in side-by-side and co-investments, and become increasingly capable of making the decision with you almost as a partner or co-sponsors from the get go. So that is definitely here to stay in my opinion.
AlexBlostein: And the just a quick follow up for, Michael, I think back to the tax rate conversation. I think you said something in the teens in terms of the earnings leakage. I think you said it on the DE. Just want to confirm if thats roughly the same under E&I, and should we think about 20, low 20%, is there reasonable corporate tax rate if you guys were to convert it to C Corp given the 2017 mix?
Michael Chae: Well it is in the teen as well and it depends just as it does on DE on the mix of the character income in a given year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Glenn Schorr, Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Just one question on rates, and in the past, I and others have asked the interest rate question and got the right answer of hey its coming brought on by global growth, thats a good thing in the past real estate, actually did better. And I think that also holds. But my question today, a year later or two years later on 275 on a 10 year and rising, watching REIT markets, the pubic REIT markets significantly underperform your private real estate strategies. I'm curious if there is any revisions to the answer on to higher interest rates matter. Are you seeing any changes in demand for any of your products as rates rise?
Tony James: I think the answer still holds. We feel very good where we're in the cycle. And yes, while rates go up, the fed, I mean look at they left rates flat this meeting, they are very, very careful about raising rates and they are doing in response to economic growth. A lot of people would say the U.S. economy is doing extremely well, but we look at through the eyes of our portfolio companies or our real-estate portfolio investments, things are going great. So I would say that the fed is being extremely cautious. And as a result, I feel very good about the economic backdrop creating more value than the higher interest rates would alone. The other thing you should realize is cap rates are a function not only of treasuries but also of spread over treasures. And while base rates are extremely low, spreads have been pretty full here. And so as base rates go up and weve talked about his in the past too, I think spreads have plenty of room to come in a little bit to keep overall cap rates from spiking. So bottom line same answer we've given, and I think its playing out, and youre seeing it. Youre seeing higher rates and youre seeing great fundamentals and youre seeing great value creation all that notwithstanding. And then by the way when we sell assets, youre seeing great realizations.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe one here just one the retail opportunity, you continued to highlight the expansion of footprint into new channels. And clearly, that's going to drive growth. But when you think about, from a product perspective, where you are relative to maybe where you can been. How should we think about product development in retail over the next several years? And what additional type of products are you looking at there?
Joan Solotar: So I think as I've mentioned in the past, the growth is really going to come from three areas. So one is continuing to build out channels, number of new distributors and that's continuing; and I would say were still pretty early stage there; second is penetrating the channels more deeply; and then third is new products. And even in new products, were pretty early stage. So I think youre going to continue to see new products. Were going to be launching something in the channels as the floating rate credit products. I know Michael had talked about what's happening with Franklin Square ultimately I think that could be significant. But very importantly, as we go into a channel with our performance, our ability to onboard and service in a really differentiating way, in many ways we are the revitalizing catalyst to an entire sector. And that's what you saw with the private REIT. So it's a little bit of a mistake to just look at what's there and then what percentage. I mean, I think in many ways, given what we can do in a scale way that others can't and even in terms of weaving product together, we really end up being the catalyst to the growing size. And so we are seeing more demand for floating rate product and I think you will continue to see more launches from us.
Steve Schwarzman: And Devin, couple of other tweaks on that. The products in this market tend to be longer duration or permanent capital products a lot of them. So it facilitates our shift of our mix to more permanent capital products. And then I would just say some of these products can be very large in scale. And so I think the potential for some of these broadly offered retail products is huge.
Devin Ryan: Maybe just a follow-up, another kind of bigger picture question here, were obviously all just trying to map out how assets are going to grow the firm overtime here and thats a challenge. But as you mentioned several times, its an entrepreneurial culture. I think sometimes the level of innovation at Blackstone is underestimated. And so I am not really expecting specifics here. But when you look out over the next several years and you think about what the firm is working on today. Should we be thinking about that incremental or innovative growth of you all coming from adjacent products? Or are there things that are being worked on right now that may be could represent a new leg like infrastructure?
Steve Schwarzman: Both, is the answer. And there is certainly adjacent product. But infrastructure is a new leg, insurance is a new leg. Weve talked about the whole earlier stage growth equity kinds of sector I'm not going to get too specific on that. Thats a new leg. So three major new legs. Truthfully, some of what John is talking about, I'm not sure whether its a new lag or an adjacency, but its certainly a different approach. What Harvest shows is there are some long only possibilities, I dont want to go to be a normal mutual fund, but niche long only businesses I think you would have to put into as a new leg, so Harvest would be a new leg. So I think we have -- as I said in the press call as I sit here and I look four or five years with existing initiatives where we already either got products or got people hired and focused on this. I see more growth in the next five years than I've ever seen in 15 years of this firm.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Patrick Davitt, Autonomous Research.
Patrick Davitt: Just a quick one on that last floating rate point, Joan. Is this a product that we should view as a competitor to lot of the traditional active products out there or is it more like a floating rate plus type strategy with different return characteristics?
Joan Solotar: So its enhanced floating rate, it's an integral structure of monthly liquidity type product. So it does have a higher return than some of the competing offerings out there currently.
Patrick Davitt: And then my follow up is on tax reform
Steve Schwarzman: Patrick, let me just say, we have a view here. We have a view here that investor are generally pay way too much of a premium in terms of lost return for liquidity that they never actually need. You dont need to have 75% of your portfolio you could sell tomorrow. So where our whole strategy has been to build on an arbitrage and offer our investors the enhanced returns they come by taking not more risk necessarily, because we think a lot of our products are less risk actually and certainly, when putting up a fully less portfolio risk but less liquidity. And one of the things about today's world is its overvalued but its particularly overvalued on the most liquid stuff. And so there is a gap you can drive a truck through for us.
Patrick Davitt: And then a quick one on tax reform. Has the increase cash flow from your U.S. private follow through to any positive marks there, or is that something we can still expect?
Michael Chae: What I would say is, for example, the 6.8% appreciation in the corporate private equity portfolio in the fourth quarter. That was mostly driven by fundamentals on a company-by-company basis, not by tax impact. And I think weve been very careful about wanting to factor in tangible directly observable impacts on a company-by-company basis from this. And with time, the companies themselves will see what the real world impact is on their businesses, on their market values and well take into account.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Mike Carrier, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Just one question and its on fund raising. Each quarter you guys tend to surprise the upside, and it sounds like the growth opportunity in front of the firm is substantial. Some of your peers benefited from sizing up their opportunities, whether it's AUM or FRE. And realize each firm is different you guys tend to be more consistent in the level of fund raising. But is there a way to size that opportunity up over the next one to three years, whether it's an AUM or FRE, given that many of the growth areas are coming from these innovative new areas that maybe harder to predict versus the flagships in the past?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I'll let Michael think about how to answer that, while I bullshit for a minute. We dont like to give projections as you know and certainly, three year projections. So we like to under promise and over deliver. I think youll be happy but you have to trust us on that.
Michael Chae: And I'll also say Ill add a little on the answer, but I do believe that the growth we see, the character of the growth is a good thing on both FRE and overall AUM front.
Steve Schwarzman: And Mike look go back 15 years. Even through the great financial crises, we've never had a year where AUM didnt grow ever and look at the secular growth over any long period of time, there is ebbs and flows, but it's -- we dont see any diminution of that secular growth here.
Michael Chae: And Mike quite seriously, we dont -- when we think about strategy and growth, we dont have to make trade-offs between FRE oriented growth and AUM, generally. We think we can have it all across the whole multiple strategy of products.
Steve Schwarzman: And I think the answer is that for the last five, six or seven years after that which we've compound today AUM at 17% at the same time giving back to enormous amounts of money. So one might think that's pretty good at all.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gerald O'Hara, Jefferies
Gerald O'Hara: Just one question from myself as well, just hoping we might be able to get an update on the invitation homes initiative. I know it's been probably a little while since we've heard on it. But you've got -- obviously, housing markets have been strong over the past couple of years, clearly since you started it or started buying up homes. And just curious as to where we might be in that cycle? Thank you.
Steve Schwarzman: So we got to be little careful here, its a public company and so I'll let them speak for themselves. But we think the residential area still has plenty of growth ahead of it.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Maybe just zero backing on the insurance opportunity of that size of the market that you initially quoted, Steve. What do you see as the addressable market for your effort? And it sounds like this could actually hit that $100 billion mark faster than the core+ effort. May be just your thoughts on that? And also from a product perspective, obviously, a lot of this is yield oriented. But to what degree do you see core+ real estate being a component of the investment efforts for insurance companies, as well as BAM?
Steve Schwarzman: Its always dangerous asking a question like that. Everybody in my conference room here is wondering what am I going to say. I think just to start, it was well logically built much faster than the core+ business, because in the core+ business, you actually have to buy individual properties or a group of properties and each one of those deals is sort of its an art form. And thats what we do. And if we can outperform a REIT index, people seem to like REIT, so I dont quite get it. But in any case, if youre outperforming 1,400 basis points, maybe we do have a better mouse trap, right, that deserves a much higher multiple, but leave that aside. Those are individual purchases whereas in this insurance area, we can be generating potentially assets in a much larger base as we could take over portfolios where somebody has $25 billion, $30 million, $60 billion. And so the chunkiness in the insurance area, assuming we position ourselves correctly and can add the value that we hope to be able to do, should lead to much more rapid growth logically in that area. So when Tony said something like he is more excited than he has ever been and I see the same thing, the reason why we say things like that is we actually believe them. And so thats just one area where if you -- I always like thinking about upsides as well as more moderate types of things, this scenario thats got a huge upside. If it develops right and we can do a great job and we're meeting -- need within industry thats got $23 trillion. I mean if you just balance that and say what could you be, you can provide the answer, as well as we can, but it should be potentially really scale you never know how any new business develops. Weve had a pretty remarkable record, I think, going into new areas and having really flourish because we dont do that thing, because there arent many really fascinating things to do. And so weve identified this one and we're going to ride it as aggressively in a good way that we can by producing good product for people who really need it and they need it in this industry. And there is no CEO almost that Ive met in the whole industry that doesnt agree with that that they need more return.
Michael Chae: And there is no business we get into, because we can go get a lot of AUM. Thats not the point here. The point here is, A, can we bring a solution, a unique solutions to investors with a need that is not being filled and that other people cant fill, number one. And number two, can we fill it with really high performing product. We dont want to do a lot of mediocre -- we dont want to do any mediocre products just because we get the AUM. That's not the business were in. Were in the business of delivering superior returns adjusted for risks that other people can't do and cant match. I think there is big opportunity here. But in general, the equity orient oriented products we do, whether that's from equity down to some of the core+ through all the way into the BAM stuff, all those equity oriented things, it's probably not more than 5% to 10% of asset pool at max, it's way below that today. So it's a fraction of that today, but that's probably the max. And then the rest of it is credit oriented stuff, private credit, public credit, all of that is -- and then lot of that is target for us. Although, I dont ever see us trying to be great at what Blackrock and Pimco and so on do in terms of managing treasuries and high-grade bonds for a few basis points, that's not our business.
Brian Bedell: And maybe just one more comment. I mean, I agree with you on the liquidity premium and the euro valuation of liquid assets versus illiquid assets. It obviously makes a lot of sense for 401(k) plans to have broader allocations to liquid assets. Have you had any traction whatsoever with regulators in convincing the matters is that still kind of more of a dream?
Michael Chae: So this is going to happen, it's not going to happen tomorrow but it's going to happen because it has to happen. We have an ageing demographic in this country where the average savings of someone between 40 and 50 is 14.5,000. We have static incomes and they cannot put enough away, enough savings with healthcare cost and education cost and other things going up, to retire comfortably if they dont earn more on their savings than the 2% to 3% return that 401(k)s average today, 2% to 3%. Now you put alternatives in there like pension plans do and you can average 6% to 7%, it's massively different when that compounds over 40 years and someone retires. This must happen because there is no other way for society to afford the ageing demographic that it is our future. So it will happen and I assure you were going to be working on that and were already having some discussions, but things move slowly on the other hand, the target is huge.
Operator: We have time for one final question and that will come from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: I guess just curious about -- maybe little bit about the competitive universe. I mean, clearly, you guys are and some of your peers, particularly you guys are global leaders I think your business and it seems like many of the leading companies are clearly U.S. based and if we think of private investing. But good businesses attract competition. Any sense I mean obviously you've got SoftBank with their Vision Fund in the specific market. Just any sense whether it's out of China or elsewhere that youre seeing, I dont know, Ill call local champions or others who are trying to come up the curve, and not that they can compete with you but they can certainly make life more challenging if trying to find the investments at good prices and what not. So just trying to get a sense if youre seeing anything like that and if that's having any impact on the investment opportunity in certain markets?
Steve Schwarzman: I think we've always encountered that, global markets are local and -- because theres always been good local competition in Europe and there is particularly good local competition in China for lot reasons, entrepreneurial culture, enormous saving space, lack of visible laws, so relationships are exceptionally important in that culture. On the other hand in terms of global types of competitors, we dont find that to be the case. And there are lot of reasons for that and I dont expect that to happen. One final thing before Tony gives you his views is that SoftBank is unusual thing, first of all, Masa is really unusual guy and he is bold, hes sleepless, hes aggressive and hes picked in area in which to invest, which for the most part, doesnt have cash flow. So to the extent that he can raise money to make investments in companies that hopefully will do well but there is not a guarantee with that. The amount of money that can be deployed in a whole industry that really suffers from lack of cash flow very rapid investment, and in fact negative cash flows to get to break even thats a highly specialized set of characteristics. And what he has done quite brilliantly actually is going out to be defining institution in that asset class and the world has given him capital to do that, and his ability to put capital at work in an industry that for the most part doesnt have cash flow. So it cant finance any way other than raising more and more and more and more equity. But any blockage to public markets, access to public markets, will create enormous needs for finance and Masa is in that space and hes been very clever and hes made some very good choices historically and had good returns. That to me is -- it's an outlier and he is an outlier in terms of his, not to beat the phrase, vision and thats why hes got a Vision Fund and he is prepared to play and people are prepared to finance. Outside of something like that, I dont think we would see anybody who has really got the aspiration that we have best players and to be very aggressive and integrated and like to do that stuff, most other investors more or less just stay in their geographic areas.
Tony James: Let me take a different lack of that question, I would say if anything, the competition is less than used to be. Why do I say that? First of all, it used to be a much -- and all of these industries, private equity, measuring, capital, real-estate opportunistic, just have dozens and dozens of players that were close to each other in size, the difference between the $250 million fund and $350 million fund at one point used to be significant. And that's concentrated heavily. And so there are lot fewer players. In addition, all the investment banks and the banks that are out the business, they hedge funds that used to come in and do private equity, theyre not able to do that because they need liquidity. So I would say if anything that competitors see has consolidated, we have fewer really strong competitors than anyone else. One of the reasons -- than we used to have. One of the reasons for that is there are scale advantageous to our business. So when we -- this isnt like public markets where the bigger you get the more the transaction cost and the loss of nimbleness cost you excess returns. In our world, the bigger you get and the deeper you have in the way of operation skills, the more information you have your ability to do things others cant do because of knowledge, presence in the geography, brand things like that, all those matter. So scale help, so as you get more scale, you get more advantages, you get more ability to deliver consistently higher returns and that of course forces consolidation. And then finally, LPs that once took the attitude of I'm going to have tons and tons of managers, this is a high touch business and the administrative costs are eating them up. And no LPs tend to be public institutions for the most part have the budgets to keep up with all of these small managers. And so they want to concentrate their providers. So the other forcing of concentration is on the LP side. The cumulative effect of those three forces are, I think consolidating in some ways, nothing less competitive because its very competitive but few were competitors.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Weston Tucker for any closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everybody for joining us today and please reach out if any questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2017 Investor Call. My name is Tony and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Tony. Good morning and welcome to Blackstones third quarter conference call. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q in a few weeks. I would like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures on this call and you will find reconciliations in the press release and the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $847 million for the quarter, up sharply from the prior year. Economic net income, or ENI, per share was $0.69, up 21% from the prior year due to greater performance fees as well as strong growth in fee-related earnings. Distributable earnings per common share, was $0.52 for the quarter, up 8 % from the prior year. We declared a distribution of $0.44 per common share to be paid to holders of record as of October 30th. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks a lot, Weston and good morning and thank you for joining our call. Before I start I just wanted to wish our General Counsel, John Finley a happy first day whom does an amazing job to the firm. Blackstone itself has reported excellent - better results for the third quarter as you just heard from West. Continuing our momentum of strong growth and economic net income, cash earnings and assets under management. On a year-to-date basis, ENI rose 60% to $2.5 billion, while DE increased 78% to $2.6 billion and we remain on-track to deliver one of our best years ever for DE based on sales already signed up which Michael Chae will discuss in more detail. Blackstone has long been the clear leader in the alternative sector in terms of AUM fund raising and earnings as you all know, but our financial performance illustrates a broader leadership beyond alternatives, comparable to some of the most recognized names in global money management. In fact for the past five years Blackstone is ranked one of the top two or three asset managers in the world in terms of earnings. Where an elite group that includes our friends and former colleagues at Blackrock which manages nearly $6 trillion and does a terrific job and also Fidelity which manages over $2 trillion and Fidelity of course is private, so investors can only benefit from the earnings power of this group by owning either Blackrock and Blackstone and they are both really terrific choices for you. Blackstones significant earnings power continues to grow, total AUM rose 7% year-over-year to $387 billion another record for the firm with leading global platforms across the alternatives universe will become the referenced institutions for limited partner investors who wish to deploy billions of dollars across asset classes. Thats a long way from the firms early days of raising commitments of $5 million to $10 million a piece. The third quarter was our strongest quarter with capital inflows over a year reaching nearly $20 billion in one quarter across an ever growing array of products and with some of fund raisings and other initiatives underway, we expect our fourth quarter AUM to significantly surpass todays reported numbers. One example, earlier this week, as Tony mentioned on the press call, we closed our acquisition of Harvest a leading manager in the MLP space which will complement our existing credit and private equity focused energy teams. In addition to enhancing our capabilities in this area, we plan to make their products more widely accessible to a broader range of LPs including retail where they really dont have a presence. This strategy is similar to how we are successfully bringing Blackstone Real Estate to retail investors with our non-traded REIT product called inspirationally, The REIT. Harvest will only add $11 billion to our AUM in the fourth quarter. Even if the firm continues to grow, returns have remained strong across a larger and more diverse capital base. In the third quarter for example, our real estate opportunity funds appreciated 5.5% as compared to the REIT index which is flat, now imagine that. We are up 5.5% public REIT index is flat and we were up 19% in the last 12 months. In private equity despite the drag from our public holdings in the quarter, the corporate PE funds appreciated 16% for the last 12 months. Since inception 25 to 30 years ago these two strategies have returned 15% to 16% per year net of all fees dramatically ahead of relevant index. We have a long record of successfully replicating our strong investment performance in business lines. Our new businesses benefit from the intellectual capital and reach of our existing ones and in turn further enhance the overall platform strength here at Blackstone. This becomes a virtuous circle and attracts further capital. For example, our real estate core+ platform which we launched less than four years ago is up to $18 billion in AUM, an increase of nearly 40% in one year. Our Tac Opps business is now up to $22 billion in AUM in about five years. Both of these platforms grew from investment opportunities we identified at the time they didnt fit into the mandates of our existing funds. Today, they have reached global scale and remain two of our fastest growing areas. Another major area for us of course is infrastructure as you have heard. While we are limited in what we could say given we are fund raising now, restricted by the SEC from commenting, we are targeting a first close for our new fund by the end of the first quarter next year. As you know, we have already received up to $20 billion commitment from a sovereign investor which will flow into AUM as matching capital raised. We also continue to expand and diversify our fund raising channels including into retail. The power of the Blackstone brand is perhaps best illustrate of a high level of demand we are seeing for our funds across different sub channels including the wirehouses and private banks, independent broker dealers, the RIAs and family offices. These channels investors by and large have been under allocated to alternatives within their portfolios, some dramatically. We are helping them access institutional quality products in many cases for the first time, have established one of the leading retailer alternative platforms in the world now already representing 18% of our total AUM, and we have hurled major initiatives and process that I can't yet talk about here today, because sometimes people copy what we do. All of this taken together, our firm is clearly positioned for tremendous growth, importantly we are not growing just for the sake of growth and we never had. As we further broaden the suite of solutions we can offer our investors we have more avenues through which to find and create value basically anywhere in the world, this is particularly important in today's environment of higher prices where deal activities, slowed areas like U.S. opportunistic and distress investing. Instead of slowing down we have been able to remain very active in terms of new investments. In the third quarter, we deployed nearly $11 billion bringing us to almost $40 billion deployed over the last year. By far our most active 12 month period on record and more active than anyone in this type of investment area. Despite higher prices we are finding plenty to do around the world, virtually all major geographies are in positive growth mode and the outlook is improving. In the U.S. specifically the employment picture is strong and tax reform has the potential to further accelerate growth. There are some potential periphery including geopolitical risks, the potential for unfavorable policy outcomes and for central banks to tighten policy more aggressively than markets expect. But we remain broadly constructive on the prospects for global growth. Against this dynamic background I think we are doing an excellent job choosing our spots and building conviction around certain themes. For example, we moved aggressively into Europe early in the recovery focusing on fundamental value or situations where dislocation created compelling opportunities. This enabled us to ride out the shorter term volatility brought on some of the issues they have had like the Greek debt crises, Brexit and the ongoing impact of populism on several elections, these types of dislocations provide opportunity for a firm like Blackstone. Few great illustrations of this trend are Logicor, our highly successful logistics investment which we discussed last quarter and Alliance Automotive which we agreed to sell a few weeks ago. In the case of Alliance we acquired an autoparts distributor operating in the UK and France in late 2014, when we are investing in Europe and Europe was really out of fashion that people were wondering whether Europe would stay together. I remember at the time the prevailing fear about the monetary union and other issues regarding Europe and slow growth which is point of fact what was happening in Europe at that time. In the first year we expanded Alliance into Germany, and over the subsequent two years increased EBITDA by about 2.5 times by accelerating organic growth, completing 50 bolt-on acquisitions and two strategic ones thats a lot of stuff to be doing but thats how you make money in private equity, not just buying and holding. We are now selling the company for over five times our original cost. This is a company that makes autoparts, this is not a software company or a tech company, so that you can make a enormous money doing the right things in our business. Its never easy, but thats why our LPs choose us, we have been able to create great investment and outcomes and we are doing across a wider array of funds in the areas. Given the amount of capital deployed over the past several years, and the seasoning of earlier investments we are now seeing a very active pace of realizations at attractive returns driving substantial cash distributions for our shareholders. Over the past three years, we have distributed an average annual of about $2.50 per share of value driven by a over a $130 billion of realizations. Over the same period, despite this realizations and distributions assets under management still increase 36% to $387 billion while most money managers were actually shrinking. We have demonstrated that we can deliver consistently high payouts to our shareholder overtime, while simultaneously growing at a high rate and I have every expectation that this will continue. Looking forward, I have great optimism to the firms prospects, we will continue to leverage our differentiated business model, our unique market position, our highly recognized brand and most importantly perhaps our culture of excellence and integrity to drive great results for our LPs and our shareholders alike. Thank you for joining the call. I will turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike.
Michael Chae: Thanks Steve and good morning everyone. The third quarter marked a continuation of the firms robust momentum with consistent growth in all of our key revenue and earnings metrics. Total revenue for the quarter rose 21% year-over-year to $1.7 billion while economic net income also increased 21% to $834 million or $0.69 per share driven by strong double-digit percentage increases in both management and performance fees. Performance fee revenue increased 33% in the quarter to $895 million with healthy fund returns across steadily growing base of invested capital. Our investment record combined with business line expansion continues to attracts significant capital influence reaching $19.7 billion in the quarter and $62 billion over the past 12 months propelling AUM up 7% to new record levels both in total and for every business segment. Management fee revenue rose 15% year-over-year to $692 million as fee earning AUM also rose 7% to a record $286 billion. Fee related earnings rose 25% to $307 million with FRE margin expanding 340 basis points year-over-year to 44.3%. Stepping back from the quarter and looking at year-to-date results which are more informative than any single quarter. Total revenues rose 45% to $5.1 billion, ENI was up 60% to $2.5 billion and DE increased 78% to $2.6 billion. Fee related earnings rose 25% to $909 million by far a firm record for the period. On last quarters call, we outlined the base line path of FRE growth in full-year 2017 of mid teens or better. Given the performance and visibility we were able to refine and update that view to growth in the high teens or better, indeed 2017 is progressing to be one of the best years in our history, this is further evidenced by the sustained momentum and the key capital metrics driving our financial results. Realizations, investment performance, deployment and fund raising, and I will now discuss each in more detail. First with respect to realization in DE. We generated $8.8 billion of realizations in the third quarter and have a significant pipeline of sales not yet closed. The single largest realization in the quarter was Hilton where we sold about half of our remaining shares and also fully exited our stake in Hilton Grand Vacations, one of the three public company spin offs from the original investment. Our $6.5 billion investment in Hilton has now produced about $14 billion in profit equating to multiple 3.1 times including $1.2 billion of unrealized equity we still hold. Other realization activity in the quarter included a sale of several office assets in the U.S. and UK, certain other sales and Tac Opps, distributions from multiple portfolio company refinancing and notably our first realized cash performance fee from our core+ real estate strategy. Our third quarter activity brings us to $37 billion of realizations so far in 2017 with another $9 billion under contract including the sales of Logicor in real estate and Alliance Automotive in corporate private equity among others. These expected sales together with expected FRE and giving effecter interest in taxes should result in approximately $0.60 per share of DE in the fourth quarter prior to any further realizations, adding to our DE in the first nine months of $2.17 per share we therefore enter the fourth quarter with line of sight on over $2.75 of DE per share for 2017 which even prior to further realizations in the quarter would equate to one of our two best years for DE in our history. Second investment performance and ENI, we continue to see broad base strength across multiple global portfolio, real estate the opportunity funds appreciated 5.5% in the quarter and 19.2% over the last 12 months, while the core+ funds appreciated 3.2% and 12.4% respectively. Our real estate business in particular continues to disprove the notion that size is the enemy of returns. Even as AUM for the opportunistic funds has doubled in the past five years the performance has been exceptional. Indeed in the four vintage years between 2012 to 2015, in each year we invested 7.5 billion to 8.5 billion across the BREP funds and in each vintage we have delivered annualized growth returns of between 22% to 25% to-date. This performance has been powered by many of our largest investments which include BioMed, our U.S. life sciences office portfolio, our India office platform, the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas, Invitation Homes and of course Logicor among others. These are some of the most important contributors to the firm's existing store value and bode well for future realizations. Moving to private equity. The corporate PE funds appreciated 3.3% in the quarter and 16% for the prior 12 months. Portfolio companies continue to report healthy revenue and EBITDA growth in the mid and high single-digit respectively driving appreciation in our private holdings of over 5%; that performance was partly offset by decline in publics in particular our largest public position in energy infrastructure company which has been an extremely successful investment for us and where we feel very good about this fundamental long term value. GSO delivered composite growth returns in the quarter of 4.1% and 2.7% in its performing credit and distressed segments and 14% and 11% respectively for the LTM period. For BAAM with a 2.3% composite growth return in the quarter and 9% for the LTM period, 89% of incentive fee eligible AUM is above its high watermark versus 67% a year ago. This positions BAAM to generate $44 million in performance fees in the quarter, higher than all of last year and nine month revenues of $573 million, nearly equal to full-year 2016. In aggregate, this performance across the firm has helped drive our net improved performance in the balance $3.6 billion, up 8% over the last 12 months and to its highest level in nine quarters. Despite that being a period in which we delivered some $105 billion in realizations, a powerful reflection of both performance and the growth in our investment capital base. Third, capital deployment. Our deployment remains very active, even in the face of the tricky broader market environment as Steve discussed. We invested $10.9 billion in the quarter across the firm and committed another $6.9 billion. How are we doing it? The answer is carefully and by leveraging our global reach, our scale and our multiple city platforms to seek value across the whole risk return spectrum and aggressively pursue things we believe in. Regarding our global reach and scale, only half of the capital we deployed or committed in the quarter was outside of US with about 40% Europe and Western Asia. Four of our five largest transactions across the firm were in Europe. In real estate, our commitment to acquire 51% interest in a 30 billion euro face value portfolio from a Spanish bank and our take private of a Scandinavian listed property company. In private equity, we agreed to acquire PaySay, a UK listed leading global payments provider. And in credit, our mezzanine fund provided nearly $0.5 billion in financing for the acquisition of a leading European industrial distribution company. Meanwhile our deal flow in Asia is quite healthy including for example, three committed transactions by BREP and BCP in the last two quarters involving public companies in the region reflecting our theme of finding idiosyncratic value and orphan listed companies in these markets. Regarding our multiple city platform, with a widening array of funds with diverse mandates, we can pursue value flexibly and selectively identify the best risk award in a given environment. Its about having more weapons to deploy to express the firms intellectual capital and convictions and take advantage of deal flow that cuts across the firm. $2 billion of the $10.9 billion in third quarter deployments originated from our core and core+ strategies and private equity and real estate that allow us to invest in high quality assets of longer term holds. Each of Tac Opps and strategic partners deployed over $1 billion in the quarter with Tac Opps flexible mandate to pursue idiosyncratic opportunities with compelling risk adjusted returns, arguably making it the busiest part of the firm in this current environment. Of course none of the aforementioned platforms existed in the firm just five to six years ago. Lastly, on fundraising. As expected our pace of inflow has reaccelerated in the third quarter to $19.7 billion including first close of $5 billion for a second dedicated Asia real estate fund, $4.7 billion for a third GSO distressed fund bringing it to $6 billion raise and $2 billion for a third Tac Opps vintage. We expect each of three fund raises to reach or exceed $7 billion in size in the near term driving significant AUM growth at a time when neither of the flagship global BREP or BCP funds are in the market. Looking forward, we expect the pace of AUM growth to further accelerate in the fourth quarter and into 2018 driven by a variety of products and significant initiatives as Steve discussed. A final comment on two notable corporate developments. First, with respect to Harvest acquisition to add to Steves comments a little more color on this impact. We think this is really a attracted deal, this is a firm with a terrific high quality, high integrity team that is set the stand for investing in asset class with the flagship strategy outperforming its benchmark by 500 basis point over the last five years. Our institutional LP basis are very complementary with limited overlap and the retail opportunity is its [indiscernible]. Finally, with respect to financial impact on a run rate basis prior to future growth Harvest adds approximately $40 million and FRE and pre-tax DE, while we are not disclosing the specific valuation, we have structured the acquisition such that the upfront purchase price reflects the multiple of that FRE and pre-tax DE in the area of the mid single-digits. Second and in conclusion our balance sheet, at the end of September we issued $600 million of U.S. bonds split evenly between 30 years and 10 year maturities to refinance our notes maturing in 2019. We also took advantage of favorable conditions to executes cross currency swaps back to 10 year pound sterling and 30 year euro yields further hedging the firms P&L exposure to assets in those currencies. The result was lower funding cost and could have been achieve by issuing directly in those currencies and then in the case of euro market, the longest tenure available in the market is only 12 years. In effect we executed $600 million 20 year financing for the firm at an effective yield of 2.4% which reduces the firm to weighted average cost of debt from 4.4% to 3.7% and extends the average maturity from 12 years to 15 years. Indeed, 40% of our debt has maturities following beyond 2041. All are substantially neutralizing the FX volatility in our P&L. The early repurchase of our 2019 notes will result in onetime expense to DE and ENI in the fourth quarter of approximately $30 million which will recoup an interest savings in just over a year. The rating agencies reaffirmed our A plus ratings which are the highest of any alternative firm and best response for the exceptionally positive with operating six times oversubscribed and with the 10 year issue currently trading within 25 basis points at the lowest yield at any public ask manager reflecting investor confidence in our firm in business model. Our fortress balance sheet and our access to capital is truly source of strength the firm we believe with very low cost, very long life financing and ample cash and liquidity, we have tremendous flexibility to pursue a set of strategic opportunities that as you have heard on this call, we see us compelling and deep . With that, we thank you for joining the call. And would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning. I just I wanted to get an update on the retail expansion and really sort of two main points. One is how many retail wholesalers do you employee now. What does it sort of look like versus a few years ago. And then also given that 18% of your product now sits us retail. What does the product offering start to look like as you work the way down from the high network segment into the mass of volume?
Joan Solotar: Sure. Hey, its Joan. On the first question in terms of wholesalers, I just want to step back for a minute. So, this is really operating as a full business, and I dont want you to think its just that where popping out some sales people and its just a sales organization. So to support and really partner with major firms, independent broker dealers, we have wholesalers, we have a sales reps, we have full operating support to fund accounting marketing, compliance et cetera, and that really has taken the last several years of building to get into place so that we can now expand the distribution. But to address your question specifically as it relates to the wirehouses, we have about 10 wholesalers and a similar amount 12 in the independent broker dealer channel. As it relates to product, so initially because we were focused on the wirehouses and the qualified purchasers we were largely distributing our drawdown product, the same institutional product but in working with the firms we identified a real need for mass affluence and also those in the $1 million to $5 million range to also have access. So in addition to that we have really worked very closely to leverage our team capability in the investing groups and develop more product that have structures that are either semi liquid or more liquid. So I would say today if we look at over the last 12 months, it's roughly split evenly, liquid, illiquid product sales and you will continue to see more product developments happening, so I'm excited and it's early stage, and just to highlight where we are even though we are much further along than most and I think we have the broadest product array anyone could offer given our global platforms across the board, one of the big wirehouses we have been working with for several years, we have looked at penetration there and even for those FA's who sell our product we are about 20% penetrated, when we look across the entire system we are 5%, so I think the upside is quite significant.
Tony James: We have got the beginnings of sales force that's going direct to large family offices as well in addition to the 22 people you mentioned.
Joan Solotar: Yes, so we have a team both here as well as abroad and actually even on the more institutional side focused on private things internationally as well, and their of course we are trying to find solutions for family offices, multifamily offices.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Joan Solotar: Sure.
Tony James: Tony we can take the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Glenn Schorr of Evercore ISI, Mr. Glenn Schorr, please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: A question on interest structure overall, I think on the earlier call the immediate call you had mentioned having to pass on certain opportunities just waiting for the funding for this fund, so now that we are getting a lot closer to the first close if we could talk about what kind of opportunities are out there, its public versus private, existing versus new build, I'm just curious on what is happening now beneath the covers as you build the back book if you will?
Tony James: Okay Glenn, I will take that one. Let me start by saying, as we mentioned on the media call we are just beginning the institutional part of the fund raise, so we are not in a position to be executing transactions at this point, and won't to till we get close to having capital in hand - you shouldnt expect to see it until the middle part of next year as a fact no matter in terms of deals being kind of being inked. The opportunities, again, as mentioned in the immediate call we think there are interesting opportunities in a number of areas. Number one, public and privates were asked this morning and that we think there is opportunities to take existing public companies private, enhance the operations and create some enduring value for our investors. There are also a number of assets that were owned by large companies that are infrastructure type assets which would add much more value for that company than embedded in that company given where the multiple of those companies chase. So think there will be major corporations, companies, others repositioning those assets into the infrastructure market. Thirdly, there is a number of infrastructure players that are looking for expansion capital to further build up their networks. Thats been a fruitful area for us. We think that will continue in more private equity funds and more of the kind of newer stuff, but it also extends right on into core and core+ infrastructure. We think that will be interesting. Over time, we will move more towards new build, really high quality assets, but that will take time. The gestation period of those transactions is long. But there will be definitely opportunities there for us as well. So thats the kind of talent that we see.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, I appreciate that.
Tony James: Thanks Glenn.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
William Katz: Okay. Thanks very much for taking the question this morning. Also sort of coming off the immediate call, you highlighted both sort of building up of permanent capital as well as opportunity on the insurance side. Just sort of wondering if you could talk may be a little flush out both of those initiatives and so how you think the opportunity might roll out in 2018 and 2019?
Tony James: Okay. Well, on the permanent capital side, we have a growing number of permanent capital vehicles in each of our businesses. And I would think that you should anticipate that we are going to continue to try to evolve our business more and more towards that kind of vehicles because the traditional draw down fund is a bit of a treadmill, as you grow you put money out and then you got to sell assets and a lot of times what you have to do to return capital to investors you are getting to sell your best assets. And that seems kind of like to us in a way if you got a great asset it has a lot of future potential why sell it and why not let it work for investors longer. And one of the underlying thesis we have got in this firm is that where interest rates come down real rates to near zero, you are going to have that high compounding returns and you can substitute that in terms of serving investors need by extending the duration of your holding some of your assets. So for example, you can be a lot richer if you hold an asset for 10 years earning 12% than if you hold an asset for four years earnings 25%. And so extending the duration letting that money work for people longer at attractive compounded rates is one of the ways we serve our investors better. That drives us more towards permanent capital vehicle and then from our public investor standpoint those vehicles have the advantages of holding the assets longer. So it allows us to compound AUM growth, allowing the assets to work for you longer, so you get growth and you get the growth in AUM from the compounding and of course allowing us to harvest carries by not actually having the equally to the assets and that makes carries both steadier and allows the AUM to keep growing. So, we think its a good model for a lot of businesses. And as Joan was saying for certain target investors, we have to change the form of our funds to fit those markets better. So, thats another reason that we are doing this, so for all those reasons we are moving more towards the permanent capital. In terms of the insurance, we have had our products in insurance companies for some time, a lot of the new products were developing the private credit, the permanent capital vehicles, the yield orient products, many of them have some very attractive capital treatment on insurance companies, we have got a full products suite. As you know we own something call Harington which is a reinsurance company, we are in the process are buying without Fidelity and Guarantee life, we got other things going on. So, its a continuation of a trend and I think you should expect to see that accelerating.
William Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Chris Shutler, William Blair. Please proceed.
Christopher Shutler: Hey, guys. Good morning. FREs is going to be a nicely this year, it looks like on pace to exceed a dollar per share. So, maybe talk about the trajectory of that number looking out to 2018, the key drivers and I guess the specifically do you expect continued double-digit growth in FRE next year?
Michael Chae: Hi, Chris I think at this point we wouldnt want to get too granular on projecting or the drivers of 2018. But we certainly expect them to be healthy. We expect the AUM growth to be quite healthy. And so, I think broad strokes we certainly expect it to be continue to be in the double-digit percentage growth area, but at this point probably wouldnt want to refine it further.
Christopher Shutler: Okay. I guess just one more on the private equity and real estate. The appreciation and the opportunistic funds carry values was very strong in the last 12 month, I think double  about double of what it was over the previous 12 months. Obviously public markets have been positive, better economic backdrop in general, Im sure has helped. But anything else that you point to on why the appreciation has really accelerated? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Look I think as Steve mentioned, Tony mentioned on the prior call, it is a combination of lets call it Alpha and Beta. The market backdrop has been supportive but the companies have been performing through the - we would like to think the value creation efforts that underpinned the investments we always we think. So, I think both forces have been very positive.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Great, Thanks very much. Just one clarification on the FRE, going to the prior question on FRE for 2018. Are you expecting infrastructure fund raise to begin impacting that, I think you mentioned the potential beginning deployment sometime later or sometime in 2018 any impact from them in 2018 or is that really more of a 2019 impact there?
Michael Chae: We would expect some impact but I would say modest in 2018.
Brian Bedell: And then just back on the retail strategy, so obviously as sort of a increasing momentum it sounds like in terms of the opportunity how do you think Joan about growing that business and adding a lot more capacity on the sales side and do you feel like you have enough product capacity currently to satisfy that demand or is more product development from the structure perspective necessary?
Joan Solotar: That's a great question. So as you know with the draw down funds we are largely oversubscribed even for institutions and so the goal isn't just to raise as much capital as possible, and I think the growth will come from expanding the penetration or deepening the penetration into the current channels and expanding those channels as we are an independent broker dealer and also developing product which we are doing, and it's really the bespoke for these channels based on their needs and one example in real estate if you think about it. And the institutional channel it's longer draw down which is only accessible to qualified purchasers whereas a lot of individuals want yields and we were able to leverage the real estate investing group, same investing platform but identify assets that were more yield oriented rather than gain and put it in a structure that was accessible to them. I think one other important point and this is kind of a timeline of history, back in the day when defined benefit plans really were the majority of how folks were planning for their retirement everyone had access to alternatives in that sense and today even teachers, policemen et cetera, probably 20%, 25%, of their pension funds are invested in alternative. These products today are not allowed to be embedded by and large in 401K because of the liquidity and so most individuals just have not had access and when you talk to advisors their targets are anywhere from 10% to 20% per individuals but today the penetration is really more like 2%, 3%, so how are they going to fill that gap and we are really working with them on a appropriate products to be able to do that and that's anything from developing daily liquidity product to semi liquid product and I think you will see more of that overtime.
Brian Bedell: And it sounds like you can really greatly expand that capacity even on the sales force side I would think to better leverage that opportunity, I mean would you say that 18%, not connected on the denominator but at least the numerator of that 18% could double over the next couple of years?
Joan Solotar: I think it's really not just throwing bodies at it, we need to be smart about the technology analytics that we are using in order to reach more people and some of it's just time. We had this past year 2,500 advisors come through, Blackstone Universities around the world, we are continuing to educate advisors and really develop a relationship. So I want to caution a little bit it's not just that you go to a distributor and say hey here is our product put on the platform and it sells itself. Its really forming a partnership with the advisor to help them improve their business, taking the time to educate them providing great service, reporting et cetera. And so there will be a continuous build.
Tony James: See, just Brian also I want to mention, if you think about the return pyramid out there in terms of global opportunities, at the top of the pyramid at the narrow point you get the very, very high returns of private equity in the breadth and shared dollar availability of that is slow. As you move down the risk and return spectrum, that pyramid gets wider and wider. So some of the areas that we are getting into are vast in terms of the opportunity set and the amount of capital we can raise by comparison too they are really kind of a high risk high return draw down funds where we started. So we are opening up big, big frontiers.
Brian Bedell: Great, it sounds very exciting. Thanks very much.
Tony James: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, good morning everyone. A question guys around acquisitions, specifically Harvest and I guess kind of broader acquisition landscape. So could you spend a little bit of time on giving us more color on the product that you mentioned today, how they are structured, and I guess more importantly what the revenue opportunities could look like for that business when you plug in into your distribution force? I guess then as a follow-up just broadening around the upside for more deals and kind of any particular area of interest? Thanks.
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. Well Im not going to get in projecting what we are going to with Harvest at this stage, but sufficed to say as Michael said its a very high quality niche manager and in segment of the markets which are largely protected from the big commodity flows there is only a handful of good MLP managers, the Harvest guys have outperformed a lot in the rest of the market. So we think its niche manager that has focused its distribution on institutional accounts, but then again they dont have anything like our distribution or relationship set into that market. So we can help them a lot in their core market. And they have essentially no retail products. So they have - what they have I would say some commingle funds, some SMAs doing MLPs. We can take that we think not only broader institutionally, but as a foot through the retail channel as Joan was talking about. And we think we can significantly increase their AUM at risk of - and Im not going to deal the time on revenues and so and so but we think we can more than double their AUM.
Joan Solotar: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Clearly capital raising has been going very well for you guys and expectations are high. Im just kind of curious though how you think return expectations are evolving just given what asset values have done over the last nine years, all the capital out there. And I guess as part of that what do you feel is like the return premium and sure various by product if we think of maybe PE and your real estate opportunistic business. What is kind of the term premium that you think LPs are expecting in order in exchange for the green to kind of the long-term walk ups? Just trying to get a sense as you know where you think there has that?
Michael Chae: Okay. I will start and I think Steve might want to join in. And we might have different opinion on this, so lets see where it goes. My own view is that LPs return expectations have come down slightly. I frankly think more than I tell us because they want to keep the bar high for us and of course thats final with us, because we want to exceed the high by ourselves. Depending on the LP for the traditional draw down opportunistic funds real estate or private equity most LPs will say I want to do 500 basis points more than the public markets. Although I think there is a number that would it met there happy with 300 above net of fees in carry about the public markets. Then that gets you until what are the public market is going to do going forward, my own personal view is, and I think most of them are now S&P kind of would be 5% to 6% that sort of range. So, that sets the bar of if you look at that 8% to 12%, 8% to 11% which is much, much lower than what we set for ourselves. And as Steve mentioned in these areas we have done 15%, 16% forever, every holding period, every fund, we have never had a losing fund and so on and so forth and we continue to expect to deliver returns in that ballpark and so, I think we will be widely above their true expectations and that will continue to drive fund raising and increasingly theyll allocate more assets as asset class as they should. Steve?
Steve Schwarzman: I guess if we were having an open conversation which in turn where we are, the returns expecting our higher, we are in the business of delivering the same high returns that we were. It maybe a little harder into todays environment, [indiscernible] 100 basis points. But, we are doing as the firm, as you can tell from the overall sort of approaches that both Michael and Tony are taking is we are designing product at different return points, because what we found is that its a not a unified view on this posture. And so more than ever in my carrier is some people are satisfied with products, with current income but yields seven in overall where you know treasury and other people are looking through insuring to the lower teens and some are looking [Technical Difficulty]. And so we were trying to do as business, and I think we have been quite successful is segmenting promise to appeal to people who want returns of different type and this is relatively new in terms of how the world is going. And then we also have people who in the conservative business with markets generally high around the world, they are just really focused on you know I really don't want to lose money, when things come down, what can we do to take care of that issue, and so we are now much more segmented and we are doing that as a strategy and we are also simultaneously rolling that out globally. So this is like an unbelievably exciting business expansion if you will where we could perform really well [Technical Difficulty] we manage to keep segmenting to hit results of a certain type for a certain target group of investors and we are able to do that and that's a big power of the firm is doing now strategically and I believe that we are uniquely positioned to do that in the alternative class, because we are the only people who are in all of these platforms. [Technical Difficulty] in everyone of these and ability to keep innovating taking very large amounts of money and putting them out, because it's not large amounts to [Technical Difficulty]that strategy and everything is geared to have terrific performance up with the target expectation of whoever we are managing money for. So it's a lot of fund, and everybody at the firm is charged up because we are hitting new niches in the part of the key running a really good financial services firm is getting there early and right with the timing and not being like a follow-on person after the opportunity sort of played out, and that's something that we have been doing for 30 years and there is lots of opportunities to do that in the future. That's a longer answer than you may have want it, but I have been relatively quiet.
Robert Lee: Thats good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys, please proceed of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I just wanted to ask about distress strategy, it looks like you raised about nearly 5 billion of capital for distress strategies in the quarter yet I think on the immediate call earlier Tony you mentioned that you're seeing more opportunities today and performing credit not as much out there and distressed, so can you just talk about your expectations for where you might be able to out some of these capital to work and how you're thinking about the timeframe there and the opportunities manifesting for distressed funds, the sort of catalyst might be?
Tony James: Sure Mike. As you know or as you may not know but that distressed fund is a traditional drawdown fund and once it's invested and it comes to the end of its life we go and fund raise. They have investment period is typically of about six years, so you're not raising a fund like that to take advantage of opportunity at a moment in time markets. The fund raising itself takes a year, it takes you four or five years to get the money, most of the money put to work and then you hold the things for four or five years. So it's a asset class that you have to commit to through the cycle and through the cycle it will treat you well. At this point, economies are good, markets are good even sort of stressed companies can finance. So its meaning there is not as many opportunities as we might like. There are always things of course, there are always companies that stumbled either because of things beyond their control, oil prices, the Internet impacting retail, regulatory changes and one thing and another, and there are always companies that stumble because of self inflected wounds, overpaying for acquisitions, management change and one thing and another. So there are always opportunities and its just a question of right now the volume. The economy wont grow forever, interest rates wont be near zero forever and I think that we will see plenty of opportunities in the investment period for this fund.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks. Just a quick follow-up question. Just curious how you are integrating data and technology in key investment process today and how you think that might evolve over the next three to five years?
Tony James: Thats a really interesting question because its something that we have ratcheted it up dramatically here in the last -- in this year I would say. Its up and Steve has been pushing us all on. And so we have a number of initiatives really took to look at the use of data frankly and the development and sale of data that we have embedded in our portfolio of companies. Thats an ongoing exploration I think at this point, but we have now set up a specific dedicated team, data team if you will to inform our investment processes, number one, internal. Number two, figure out what might be harvestable, mineable and monetizable. And three, to work with deal team looking at portfolio companies both to use data and make better investment decisions, but also to use the new technology that is evolving out there to help our companies operate better. And so that will be a common like our portfolio ops, a common research to all of our different investments businesses. And so Im excited about the possibilities there, but its early days.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Is that something that could be meaningful in terms of revenue at some point to the firm when you mentioned sale of data?
Tony James: I think thats way too early to say and Im not sure that the way to monetize it will be to sell it. Another way to monetize it might be to build investment products around it. We will just have to explore that. But in terms of like the time horizon that you deal with in terms of stocks, not significant.
Michael Cyprys: Okay. Thanks so much.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Mike Carrier of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Michael Carrier: Thanks for taking the question. Hey Michael just may be on the realization activity. Thanks for the color for the fourth quarter and this year is setting up to be a big year. Just wanted to get a sense if we look over to next a couple of years we can see the returns, meaning the returns available, the net accrued carries building. So things look good. Any color on like seasoning the portfolios, just to gauge if this is and again 2017 is sustainable but just what may be the outlook is in a constructive market backdrop, just given where the portfolio sit today?
Michael Chae: Thats a good question Mike. I think I discussed I think the robustness of sort of the magnitude of the receivable right that really is return to the levels from a couple of years ago. I think when you think about the composition of it, something like just under 40% of the current receivable is public, is liquid and that obviously is kind of reflection of maturity and its been closer monetization. The vintage year mix I think is pretty similar in the past, but I did want to underscore in my remarks that we are really gratified by the fact that some of the vintages and highlighter real estate that are a bit younger right for 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and we have made some big investments at that time and at the time maybe some people thought markets were elevated where they would be good deals and they have really season quickly and are being converted into DE. So that I think thats part of what has driven the value creation at this point what will drive the DE run way from here. So, its just a mix of a couple of metrics and then sort of qualitative sense. But we certainly feel like when you sit back, we have sort of transition from a carry receivable that only a couple of years ago was largely driven by some of the big pre IPO funds and is was full of public positions to one that has remained stable to even growing. And as we have transition to sort to the more recent vintages.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Patrick Davitt, Autonomous Research US LP. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hey. Good morning guys. Thank you. Its looking like the European NPL opportunity it feels like that we have been talking about for years may actually happen sooner rather than later. Could you speak your view on that finally unlocking and within that how much of your dry powder has a mandate to invest in those kind of assets. And which one is specifically that would be?
Tony James: Okay. Well, Im not going to inventory all the funds, but suffice to say that we generally have pockets that can do NPLs and GSL and real estate, Tac Opps and in BAAM. And I think that depending on the NPL all of those funds have participated in NPL acquisitions around Europe in the past year. The biggest area has been Spain and we just closed a very large transaction there, about $10 billion of the NPLs. But, Italy is another big area and we have initiatives with other countries as well. So, yes its coming alive, there is pressure from the central banks and banks to clean that up. By the way its not just Europe we are starting to see those same pressure let say trends in India as well. So, I think its going to be continue - its been good for us, by the way the NPL portfolio as we have got and bought have performed very, very well and I think it will continue to be an attractive area.
Patrick Davitt: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Your next question, your final question comes from the line of Mr. Devin Ryan of JMP Securities. Thank you, sir. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Well, my questions have been asked. So, we are going to leave at there. But thank you very much.
Operator: We will now turn the call back over to speaker for closing remarks and thank you.
Tony James: Great, thanks everyone for joining us, and please reach out with any questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation, you may now disconnect, and everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2017 Investor Call. My name is Derek and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Derek and good morning and welcome to Blackstones second quarter conference call. Joining todays call are Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of our Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q in a few weeks. I would like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to certain non-GAAP measures on this call and you will find reconciliations in the press release and the shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $745 million for the quarter, up sharply from the prior year comparable period. Economic net income, or ENI, per share was $0.59, up 34% from the prior year due to greater appreciation across the funds as well as strong growth in fee-related earnings. Distributable earnings per common share, was $0.63 for the quarter, up 54 % from the prior year. We declared a distribution of $0.54 per common share to be paid to holders of record as of July 31. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks a lot, Weston and good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone posted a strong set of results for the second quarter as Weston indicated, with revenue, ENI and distributable earnings, all up sharply from the prior year. This follows a first quarter that you may recall as one of the best ever. Taken together, for the first 6 months of the year, ENI nearly doubled to $1.7 billion, while distributable earnings more than doubled to $2.0 billion. Our pace of realizations remained strong, with nearly $28 billion sold in the first half, our most active 6-month period on record. We are continuing to see the benefits of our sustained large scale capital deployment around the world, a vision focused on value creation in those investments and then being able to choose the right moment to exit. We expect this momentum to continue. With pending realizations, including the historic sale of our European logistics portfolio, which Michael will discuss, we are on track for one of the best years for cash distributions to shareholders in our history. As I have said before, our distribution should not be viewed as one-off special dividends. We have demonstrated an ability to deliver consistently high payouts over time. Over the past 3 years, for example, as Tony mentioned earlier, we have distributed an average of nearly $2.50 per year of value, driven by over $130 billion of realizations. And yet, despite this high level of sales, assets under management continues to increase, up 33% over the past 3 years to a record of $371 billion. Our LPs keep entrusting us with their money, because we are able to deliver differentiated investment solutions and long-term outperformance versus what they can achieve in the traditional areas of money management. We have been doing this for over 30 years, and today offer broader scope of solutions to different types of LPs than ever before in our history from state pensions to sovereign wealth funds to individual investors looking at alternatives for the first time. Last month as Tony also mentioned marked the 10th anniversary of Blackstones initial public offering. We have come a long way in the past decade against the backdrop of dramatic change in the broader money management industry. Capital flows have increasingly migrated towards two distinct ends of a barbell. First, the low fee index and other passively managed long-only funds and second, the highly customized differentiated alternative funds. Each of these opposite ends of the spectrum is taking significant share from traditional active management, which is in the middle. Close to $2 trillion, for example, has flowed into passive managers in the past 10 years. Similarly, the alternatives industry has doubled in size in the past decade, as these funds have become more and more critical for limited partners to be able to meet their actuarial targets. Allocations continued to increase as a result and we expect that trend to continue. Blackstone is leading this transformation, with a brand and investors trust, built by a culture of innovation and a long track record of protecting and growing their capital. We used the proceeds from our IPO to fund our expansion into new business areas, some of which today are larger than the entire firm was in 2007. By inventing new fund categories or redefining existing ones, we have created an ever-widening product set to help our LPs solve their issues. The result is a more than fourfold increase in AUM since the IPO, which is close to unprecedented in finance, which has overall been a shrinking category. We have also shown that we can grow AUM without sacrificing returns. We are carefully sizing new funds. So, we dont dilute performance. That discipline is illustrated in both our recent and historical returns. For example, the corporate private equity and real estate opportunity funds appreciated 15% to 17% in the past year and have beaten the other relevant indices by 79 percentage points per year since inception net of all fees. In other words, we have invested with Blackstone and our high return products. We have made 700 to 900 basis points over what you may have returned in the stock market. Our GSO credit strategies also delivered gross returns of 15% to 17% over the past year. And our liquid funds, as measured by BAAMs Composite, achieved a gross return of nearly 10%, with only 1/3 the volatility of the broader market. In our newer products areas, we are delivering compelling performance as well, consistent with enhancing our Blackstone brand. Our Tactical Opportunities platform, for example, appreciated 15% in the last 12 months. Our longer-dated core plus real estate strategy was up 10%, consistent with its mandate. These returns are the reason that when we go to market to sell a fund, usually, somebody wants to buy in. We have sold out all our major flagship funds over the past year  several years and are enthusiastic about the opportunities we see ahead. In fact, when I look at the new products we are developing today alongside the recently launched ones that are reaching real scale, to me, this is one of the most exciting time in the firms history. Our new infrastructure business, which got a lot of public visibility, is one of several reasons for this excitement. We had carefully considered this business for a number of years. It started as an idea, like many at Blackstone, where we attempt to identify the next paradigm shift in the market or a discontinuity, so we can leverage the firms unique capabilities to generate outsized returns. We discuss whether an idea can become an enduring business and whether we have the right people to staff it. We have been making infrastructure investments quite successfully for over a decade in our private equity funds. And now when we see at historic investment opportunity emerging in America, we believe the time is right to launch a dedicated business. We started a dialogue over a year ago with a long-term oriented sovereign fund to become a lead investor. They ultimately chose us because they are highly supportive of the way we do business, our process for sourcing and analyzing investments and our value-add approach. We are staffing this business as we typically do, by moving talented professionals with relevant experience into leadership roles and filling in around them with key hires. Its a time-tested strategy that works because of our deep bench of talent. And while this business will take several years to fully build out, we have received a commitment of $20 billion from our lead investor which will flow into AUM over time as other capital is raised to match it. In addition to infrastructure, we have several new other initiatives that are progressing well. Our longer-dated core+ real estate business is now up to $17 billion in AUM after only 3 years, achieving inception to date net returns of 12% a year, which is pretty terrific for core+ real estate. Our $5 billion core private equity business closed its second investment last week. We have several other interesting deals in the pipeline. We are excited about the universe of opportunities this new mandate opens up for us. In our private wealth area, we are defining and redefining the channel, bringing solutions to retail investors that have never been available to them before. And this is a huge asset class. We have invested heavily in distribution, technology and product development. And we become the clear global leader in retail alternatives. Approximately 15% of the firms total inflows now comes from retail, and we barely begun to scratch the surface on the addressable market. Our private REIT offerings, which we only launched earlier this year, just broke the $1 billion mark. We are bringing the quality and expertise of the real  Blackstone real estate platform to an asset class that has been largely mismanaged and underserved and which is vast in size and potential. And there are other initiatives of equal or even greater potential that, unfortunately, for you, we are not ready to announce here today, as people tend to follow us. At Blackstone, we are an asset management firm, but we are really in the innovation business, and our LPs understand the exceptionally high standard of care that guides the launch of any new Blackstone fund. They know they are getting Blackstone quality, anywhere in the world they invest with us. We built a deep and long-term trust with them, that is why our new ideas typically get funded and reach scale very quickly, becoming a lasting and additive part of the firm. Our new businesses make the rest of the firm stronger and better, and vice versa. Its a virtuous circle. Reflecting on the past 10 years, since becoming a public company, I take particular and great pride on what the firm has accomplished on behalf of our investors. But I am most excited about whats in store for the next 10 years and beyond. I look forward to sharing with our shareholders in the future our many hopeful successes. Thank you for joining our call today. Now I will turn things over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our results in the second quarter and first half highlight the firms continuing momentum with robust growth in all of our key revenue and earnings metrics. Total revenue for the quarter rose 30% year-over-year to $1.5 billion, while economic net income increased 36% to $705 million, driven by strong growth in both management and performance fees. Performance fees and investment income together increased 62% over the prior year. Management fees rose 14% year-over-year, as fee-earning AUM reached a record $282 billion and also reflected the benefit of the onset of full fees in certain of our recently raised flagship funds. Together with very modest fee expense growth, including year-over-year reductions in a non-comp fee expense, this growth help drive fee-related earnings up 33% in the quarter to $311 million. Distributable earnings rose 58% in the quarter to $781 million or $0.63 per unit. Todays results come on the heels of a first quarter that set firm records or new records for most metrics, with a combined 6-month period total revenue was up 61% to $3.4 billion, ENI up 90% to $1.7 billion and distributable earnings up 126% to $2 billion, nearly at the same level of DE as for all of 2016. Fee-related earnings for the first half were 25% year-over-year to $602 million. On prior calls, we outlined a baseline path of low double-digit organic growth in FRE in 2017. Given the strong trajectory achieved to date, we now expect that growth to be in the mid teens or better. The bottom line is that we are on pace to deliver one of our very best years for DE in 2017, with robust realizations supported by a strong and growing baseline of FRE. The breadth and strength of the firms business lines was reflected in our key capital and operating metrics for the period; in realizations, deployments, investment performance and fundraising. Ill now briefly recap those areas of activity for the quarter. First, with respect to realizations. Following a record first quarter, the pace of realizations remained strong. We generated $11 billion of realizations in the second quarter, with significant sales of both public and private holdings in the BREP and BCP funds, including 17 different secondary public sales. The average multiple of original invested capital for BREP and BCP sales was a healthy 2.4x. Total realizations for the past 12 months rose to $51 billion, our highest for any 12-month period. The biggest news in the quarter with respect to realizations was the announcement in early June of the agreement to sell our European logistics business Logicor to a sovereign wealth fund for 12.25 billion. This transaction is an excellent illustration of our model working at its best. Our team identified a theme, a big idea to play the secular explosion in e-commerce in the real estate context. Leveraging the largest capital base in the industry, which is our competitive advantage, we built a scaled platform of high-quality assets by methodically executing over 50 acquisitions across 17 countries over a period of 5 years. The sale represents not only the largest private exit in BREPs history, but also the largest private real estate transaction in Europe. We expect a contribution to DE of $0.35 to $0.40 per share when it closes later this year. Second, investment activity. Alongside our aggressive pace of sales, we have been actively reloading with new investments, deploying $8.4 billion in the quarter and $33 billion over the past 12 months, not including $4.6 billion committed to pending deals not yet closed as of quarter end. We deployed $20 billion in the first half of the year, our highest first half deployment to date. While the environment for opportunistic investing, especially in the U.S., has remained challenging, we are finding pockets of value around the world, emphasizing the themes in which we have high conviction. Having a far reach in global platform in each business has allowed us to go where the value is. Indeed, about half of our capital deployed or committed in the second quarter across the firm was outside of the U.S., with Europe notably being our busiest region of activity for real estate and credit, in particular. The diversity of investment mandate provided by our newer business lines has also supported a positive trajectory for deployment despite the environment. For example, taken together, our core+ real estate, core private equity, Tac Opps and strategic partner strategies comprised 27% in the firms capital deployed so far this year and about a third over the past 3 years. In the last week, in our core PE strategy, we closed the $2 billion acquisition of Ascend Learning, and in our Tactical Opportunities area, we are seeing arguably the deepest pipeline of interesting opportunities within the firm as reflected in some of the recent transactions announced by Tac Opps. Clearly, the Blackstone innovation machine is creating a level of activity and store value for our shareholders that would otherwise be unavailable in the current environment. With the industrys largest dry powder capital pool of $90 billion and with over 70% of our asset base locked up for over 9 years on average, we enjoyed the distinctive position of having enormous firepower across a diverse array of strategies around the world that we can deploy patiently against selected areas of opportunity. Third, investment performance, starting with real estate, the opportunity funds appreciated 5.4% in the quarter and 17.1% over the last 12 months, while core+ was up 3% and 10.2% respectively. This appreciation reflects both broad-based strength in our portfolio as well as sales activity. Within the portfolio, we are seeing strong performance in some of the largest investments made in the last several years by real estate, which bodes well for future value creation. And in terms of operating trends, we continue to see solid to strong fundamentals in most sectors and geographies to which we are exposed. The corporate private equity funds appreciated 2.8% in the quarter and 14.6% for the prior 12 months. Underlying fundamentals in our portfolio remain solid across most sectors, with healthy growth in revenue and EBITDA, although commodity price volatility in the energy markets did impact appreciation and the carrying value of certain private energy investments in the quarter. In credit, our distressed funds were also impacted by unrealized marks in certain energy investments, resulting in the modestly negative return of negative 1.2% in the quarter although these funds were still up 15.3% gross for the prior 12 months. Our performing credit funds were up 1.5% in the quarter and 16.6% for the prior 12 months. In hedge fund solutions, the BAAM Composite generated a gross return of 1.3% in the quarter and nearly 10% for the prior 12 months, outperforming the hedge fund index. With 84% of BAAMs eligible AUM above the high watermark, the segment contributed $30 million of performance fees in the quarter and $88 million year-to-date, driving a 44% increase in first half revenues for the BAAM segment. Finally, on fundraising. Gross inflows were $12.1 billion in the quarter and $57 billion over the last 12 months, with strong consistency across businesses. In the quarter, we saw, among other closes, the final close in the quarter on our fifth European real estate fund, which reached a record 7.8 billion, the first closing on our third GSO distress drawdown fund and an additional closing on core private equity. The overall pace of fundraising in the first half of the year was somewhat slower than 2015 and 2016 as expected given the timing of the raising of several of our largest flagship drawdown funds in those prior years. That said we expect that the second half of the year will produce meaningfully higher inflows. We expect the balance of the year to include significant closes on the third GSO distressed fund, the second dedicated aging real estate fund, the third commingled Tac Opp funds, and the first close on a new Asian corporate private equity vehicle, which we will invest as a sleeve for BCP in a similar fashion as our energy fund sleeve. Steve spoke about our new infrastructure fund for which we expect to first close by early 2018, followed by subsequent closes thereafter. These closures will consist of third-party capital matched by our anchor investor and will flow into both total and fee-earning AUM as they occur. One of the most compelling trends in our fundraising is that more and more of our new strategies utilize quasi-permanent or long duration fund structures, with fees often based on NAV versus original cost, such as with our real estate core+ platform, which will start generating cash incentive fees in the third quarter. Infrastructure is the latest and a quite significant example of a new strategy utilizing that structure and we look forward to building out this platform over time. So, overall, another strong quarter a great first half and a lot to look forward to. Like Steve, I am excited to see what the next 10 years have in store for the firm and our shareholders. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it looks like our first question will come from the line of Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: So, maybe just starting where you left off, with that new Asia private equity vehicle, this is really a new concept at Blackstone as you have stayed away from the geographic segmented model. What are your thoughts on raising a European constrained fund, especially given the commentary I heard earlier that there is a lot of  better investment opportunities here than versus the U.S.?
Tony James: Okay. Craig, its Tony. We dont have any plans for European PE fund right now. And I am not sure Michael was saying there is better opportunities in Europe in PE now. I think he was referring more towards real estate and credit than PE.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Patrick Davitt, Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks. On the infrastructure opportunity, do you think you need movement on the legislative front in DC to make the opportunity work at the size you are planning on raising? And within that vein, how are you equipping and/or are equipped to deal with the local red tape of bureaucratic issues of building highways, airports and bridges, etcetera?
Steve Schwarzman: Thats  this is Steve. Thats a really good question. And what I would say is that, we think we are going to be able to invest the fund without major new  I am sorry, fighting a cold, if you can believe it in the summer. Tony, why dont you answer that?
Tony James: Yes, sure. So, Patrick, we dont need any changes in Washington to invest these funds, simply put. We think there are some things that the administration could do and would like to do that would really help America address its sorely underinvested infrastructure. And I think thats in everyones interest. As you know, the American infrastructure costs the average family I think we say something like $360 a year in income just from last productivity. So, its good for all of America. We are hopeful they can do something. But our investment is not premised on any changes in Washington and thats not necessary. And you should also know that, yes, new build infrastructure will be a part of the fund, but it will be a minority of the fund. Most of their fund will be more on core+ than in Greenfield stuff. We will also do some core. The beauty of this fund is that it can do the full spectrum of things. It can hold assets a long time and let them appreciate a long time, so you get high multiples of money and it can do things in scale that others cant, but its not just a new build fund.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Bill Katz, Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Okay, thanks. Good morning. I appreciate taking the questions. Just sticking with the infrastructure fund for a moment, could you identify that one active investor is about half of the $40 billion target? Could you give us a sense of how you are doing in terms of LP raise on the other $20 billion? And then Mike, I think you mentioned that this could start to feather into fee-paying AUM in the first quarter of 18. Sort of wondering how you think about that pace throughout the year?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. Well, we really arent officially launched yet in the third-party fundraising. We expect that to start in the fall. And we expect closing, as Michael said, by the first part of 2018. We will see how it goes, but we are not launched yet, I dont know. But I dont think you think that our target is $20 billion out of the box. We are going to start with the target smaller than that. And then as we raise additional money, we will match the balance of the $20 billion over time.
Bill Katz: Okay. I think thats a quick follow-up question on the  you had mentioned, Steve, on your opening remarks that retail is an area of focus. I think I heard about 15% of your sales are now coming from that channel. Could you expand a little bit on where you are seeing success whether it be product or a particular distribution sub-segment?
Steve Schwarzman: Maybe Joan wants to do it?
Joan Solotar: Yes, I will take it. So its really, I would say, a three-pronged approach. One is building out within the channels we are already in, in the wirehouse and private banks are going deeper and broader. Adding new product would be the second prong and then new distribution, independent brokered dealer, families, etcetera. So, its really across the board and I would say although we are seeing a nice pace of growth, its still very early stage. So in independent broker dealer channel, for example, we have just started writing the sales agreements. We have a lot more to go and the product is first hitting. And I think without disclosing specifics on new product, we will have new product that we will be introducing towards the end of this year as well, so very excited about it.
Bill Katz: Thats helpful. Thanks so much.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Devin Ryan, JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hi thanks. Good morning. Question here just on CF Corp.s acquisition of Fidelity & Guaranty Life in the quarter and, obviously, Blackstones investor management agreement there. I am just curious how big of an opportunity you see this for the firm over time? Obviously, one of your peers has been benefiting quite a bit from their management agreement as assets have expanded. And so it seems like there is a strategy to grow. Just curious kind of how you are looking at the opportunity for the firm.
Tony James: Sure. Okay, Devin. Well, as you know, we already have a similar kind of arrangement with a company called Harrington. And so, this is not a new thing for us. We think that, in general, the insurance industry is underinvested in alternatives. And its a very big pool of assets and that over time, we will be able to provide services to that industry. And I hope its one of the sort of, frankly, many growth avenues we have.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay thanks. And just quick follow-up here. Just on the CLO business. There have been 10 CLOs you have launched over the past year. I think 3 this quarter, so clearly, you have been active there. I am just curious what you are seeing making that backdrop particularly favorable right now. Is it just the spreads and how kind of risk-retention rules changed industry behavior at all or maybe creating some advantages there for you?
Tony James: Well  yes, I mean, obviously, there is a hunger for yield instruments. And so we can get liabilities at an attractive rate, and we can make the spread. And what squeezes down to the CLO equity is pretty attractive by comparison of investors alternatives in this world. And so its good for the markets to provide the liquidity they provide. We make a  put a long-term home for these loans, and so  and we are in the business. So we are going to keep doing that as long as these conditions pertain. In terms of risk retention, yes, we have got risk retention now, we are  but we are very comfortable with the retention of these instruments that we have. We like the investment, frankly. Its a good return on investment. So it hasnt slowed us down at all. And I think the industry is working around that.
Devin Ryan: Okay thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about the net accrued performance fee balance. That seems to have been stable here at about $3.3 billion or so, despite some of the strong monetizations that you had over the past 12 months. So as you look forward from here, how are you thinking about the potential for the net accrued performance fee balance to grow? It appears to be somewhat a backdrop for monetization. So does this balance remain stable from here? And what sort of environment do we need to see for this to grow, even if monetizations are similar to current quarter levels?
Michael Chae: Hi, Michael. Its Michael Chae. I guess just to put a frame around that, beneath the surface of over the last couple of years, a stable performance fee receivable balance, obviously, there have been a couple of really good things happening, appreciation and sales. And so  for example, take the last 6 quarters at the end of 2015, the balance was $3.25 billion. Today, its $3.29 billion, which is stable to slightly growing. Well, how that happened was $2.4 billion of performance fee income of growth and $2.4 billion of distributions. So we are, like, happy about both those things. Thats our model. So our model is to produce stable to growing  performance fee receivables, there will be ups and downs over time through creating value and returning value. And so we expect to continue to execute against that model.
Michael Cyprys: Got it. Thanks for that. And then just a follow-up question on some of the broader investment themes and megatrends that you have been, sort of, spot on with over the past couple of years, investing against urbanization and e-commerce and last-mile delivery. So I guess, just as you look at over the next 5 to 10 years, what sort of trends are you watching or thinking about that could emerge?
Tony James: Well, thats  I must say, thats getting a lot of attention here. We are increase  what we are increasingly seeing is the ability of new technology to disrupt all kinds of traditional industries where you wouldnt think what happened. So I would say, the change going forward is much more focused on our part on technology disruption and is a generalization. And what are some of the implications of that. Particularly for industries that people used to think of we are safe from that. So as a generalization, I would say, thats getting the most attention right now.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Robert Lee, KBW.
Robert Lee: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. If I think of over the last several years as you have highlighted repeatedly, you  so many more products so many more strategies across the franchise. Can you talk a little bit about how some of the investments or changes you have made or you think you need to make in kind of your delivery pipes, your distribution to effectively  I mean, you have raised huge amounts of capital, but all the new products can often strain an organizations ability to market them effectively over time. So can you maybe talk a little bit about some of the changes you have made there, is any or changes you think you need to make internally to handle all these new strategies?
Steve Schwarzman: Sure, happy to. So we have a fairly complex distribution system. Its both decentralized and centralized. Its both product-oriented and regionally oriented. So I am just going to take you through that a little bit. Generally speaking, when we set up a new product group, they tend to be discrete businesses, discrete teams, discrete management, discrete P&L and bonus risk and discrete distribution around their product area. Now that would be true  more true in the big markets, like the United States and Europe, which are mature, and where the LPs are highly specialized. In less mature markets, Asia, the Middle East, for example, Latin America, where the LPs are less specialized, then we have more of a regional coverage model. And so as we grow  as we go through our products, we are, of course, bulking up our regional teams just to handle more. And our products teams naturally bulk up in the mature markets as we add products, because they each have their own  some of their own marketing resources. And then in Joans theory, as she was talking about, thats probably the fastest growth in our distribution. Thats why its growing as a percentage of our AUM. And she is doing the biggest build up of all. And, of course, that is a central group that, on a global basis, distributes all  products for all the groups. So in a nutshell, we build distribution, not only along with the new products, we build it ahead of the new products.
Robert Lee: Great thank you. Maybe just one follow-up also on kind of the new product front. I mean if I look across whether its core+, core PE, infrastructure, the non-traded REIT, I mean, many of your new strategies are in either permanent capital vehicles or maybe some type of evergreen structure with  as an organization, thats something you are specifically targeting? Is the  or did you think about this in terms of half your asset base being that?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, so  I think this is something  yes, we are specifically targeting for a couple of reasons. First of all, for investors, having  if the compounding  the 0 interest rates have pulled down the compounding rates that investors can get. And a way for them to compensate from the loss of high compounding rates is to put money out at a little lower rates of return but longer durations. And ultimately  and if they do that well, they actually get richer at the end of the day than these yo-yo kind of drawdown funds where they get very high compounding rates for short holding periods. So we think its an investors interest, first and foremost, which is why we are doing it. Beyond that, from our firm, its powerful. Its powerful because it gives a very stable asset base. It gives us an asset base which generally grows with net asset value, not just management fees on the commitment up front. Thirdly, we dont have to  we  the irony of drawdown funds is you are often obligated to sell your best assets earliest to harvest those gains. We love to hold our winners, so it allows us to do that, but then NAV grows, and we get growing management fees. And it allows us to take our incentive fees more gradually and more smoothly over time. So, all of those things make it good for us. So I think its good for our LPs first and foremost, but its also good for us. So yes, generally speaking, we see moving the firm towards more and more permanent capital vehicles. And I think you will see them growing as a percentage of AUM. But we have a very large drawdown business and its hard to see permanent capital ever being  which is robust and growing also. So its hard to see permanent capital ever being more than, you said, half, I dont see it ever quite getting there, but we will see how it plays out.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question will be from line of Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning everybody. Just a follow-up back to the infrastructure business for a second, what kind of investments do you guys need to make in that business both in terms of hiring new people, bringing new people internally, externally, anything on the non-comp side of the equation? Just trying to get a sense of the incremental margins we could expect from this new business segment from you guys once its fully scaled? Thanks.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. Well, we are going to  we have moved half a dozen key people, including the group head from other parts of the firm. We have got couple of three partners in there now that we have moved internally as well as some support people. We are going to be adding without side hires some other partners with expertise, in particular, silos, a world-class operating partner that I think will just knock the peoples socks off and some other things like that. So we are going to be in investment spending mode for a while, certainly for the balance of 17 and for  in my opinion for most of 18. But we will have to see a little bit how the combination of the new hiring mashed up against the pace of fundraising and the pace of deployment, all that goes into the mix. But I think you should assume that for 17 and 18, its not going to add to our earnings.
Alex Blostein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Mike Carrier, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Mike Carrier: Thanks, guys. Just a question on hedge fund solutions, so I know seasonally in this second quarter, you always have a higher level of redemptions, but it seemed like it ticked up a little bit yet performance has gotten a lot better. There is a lot of different trends in the industry. So just wanted to get your view on what you guys are working with clients in that segment and whats the outlook when you look at the fundraising opportunity given the improving performance?
Michael Chae: Yes, Mike, its Michael. Just to put the flows and some context, its a great question. First, as you noted, we typically do see seasonally higher redemptions in the second quarter. Second, I think fundamentally its important to note that flows and redemptions lag performance. And what you are seeing here is obviously that sort of perfect storm of challenges in the hedge fund industry overall, playing out in the last two, three, four quarters in terms of flows. And that can reverse itself and we expect it to following periods of good performance which we have seen over the last four quarters. And so more specifically and lets break apart sort of our retail individual investor solutions area and in our traditional institutional area. On the IIS retail area, the lag is sort of naturally shorter given the daily liquidity character of the products. And sure enough in late 2016, first quarter 17, we did see elevated redemptions in that area. However, we are also seeing  we saw in the second quarter and we are seeing it kind of in real time that those flows have turned the corner. We have had great performance. That mutual fund was up  BXMIX was up around 8%. Actually, Morningstar, if you look on their website, has just awarded us a 5-star rating. And that segment returned to healthy net inflows in the second quarter and we continue to see strengthening of those flows for sort of the balance of the year. Conversely, in the institutional area, the decision-making and lag effect is a little slower. You have a tough first half. Investment committees of institutions make decisions around year end. Then there is a notice period. So, I think what you saw in the second quarter was sort of actually that playing through in the institutional and our traditional fund of funds area. But look, stepping back, Id say the outlook is very positive for us in terms of momentum. We noted in the 8-K, we have July 1 inflows that arent AUM about $0.5 billion. Retail, I mentioned, has turned the corner. And in that traditional area, we have very significant mandates that we have won that are being tapered and are not yet reflected in AUM in the order of kind of $2 billion plus. And if you look overall at our business, our AUM is still up, 6% year-over-year with that  with very good performance that you noted. And in terms of industry position which has never been better of the top 5 hedge fund allocators, we were the only one with positive growth in 2016. We are number one and we are more than 2x than our next competitor in size. So I would sort of give you that overall picture.
Mike Carrier: Thats helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Glenn Schorr, Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: Thank you. Just a follow-up on energy, I wonder if you could either quantify or provide any color on its impact in both private equity and GSO. If I am someone that doesnt think thats going to repeat, I am just kind of looking for how much of an impact it had in the quarter? And maybe included in that, you could just give a reminder on overall money in the segment, maybe breaking down by bucket and how much dry powder you have dedicated to the sector? Thank you.
Michael Chae: Sure, Glenn. In terms of  lets start with exposure and I think either from you or someone else in the last quarter, we got that question and I answered. Its about 10% of the firm overall in terms of AUM and its about 20% of the private equity in GSO segments in aggregate. And those percentages remain the case. Within that, obviously, we are very diversified by sector, upstream, midstream, power, renewables, and those have very different stories and reactions or non-reactions to commodity price movements. We also have private investments and public investments. So, its not a monolith. Things under  within the portfolio behave differently. In terms of what happened in the quarter, the punch line to your question is it was a relatively manageable impact on performance, even in those segments that were affected and a quite modest impact on ENI. So in private equity, on balance, it was actually sort of slightly positive or neutral contributor to ENI in the second quarter. Although relative to the degree of higher positive appreciation in our non-energy portfolio, it did have a slightly dilutive impact on the overall performance and returns. In GSO again, we are modestly more impacted on performance and ENI, but it was not material from an ENI standpoint to the overall scope of the firm. Its important to note that all of the impacts were unrealized marks, not realized marks in either business and those marks were based not on company issues, but on commodity price fluctuation that we reflected appropriately. So, we feel good about the portfolio. We feel, in general, in terms of the cost basis, the breakevens, the quality of the assets, private equity in terms of the investments being un-levered or relatively lowly levered, and so forth. But look, that said, we are going to watch this and as commodity price fluctuate or stay at depressed levels, we will watch that carefully.
Steve Schwarzman: Glenn, we have got about $7 billion of dry powder in the energy funds, just to answer your last piece of question.
Michael Chae: Across both private equity and GSO, but thats really kind of energy-dedicated dry powder. There is other general pools of capital that are also available.
Glenn Schorr: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Gerald OHara, Jefferies.
Gerald OHara: Thanks. Maybe just one on dry powder, well, down modestly quarter-over-quarter for you all. It would be interesting to hear some thoughts on the share abundance as capital being raised across the industry and how it might impact the opportunities you said at current valuations and perhaps impact on future IRRs? Thank you.
Tony James: Okay. Well, its Tony. There is  its obviously been a good fundraising cycle and particularly for private equity, there is a lot of capital thats being raised and has been raised. And in general, there is just a whole lot capital sloshing around the world, looking for returns. And I think we are more impacted frankly by the aggregate in the public markets than the amount of private equity capital. Our business is to find needles in haystacks. Thats what we do. We are not really chasing public market values and we are not really that impacted by them. And our business is once we find the needle, it would have to be an asset into which we can intervene and change the course of EBITDA. So we create our own values so to speak as opposed to being slaves to the public market valuations. If you look at a lot of our investments, particularly in say private equity, you will see a lot of stuff with both no leverage, but they are not companies that trade, they are new build stuff. So in those things, we are getting in essentially at book value. So, our business is to find ways around the big trends and to buck those big trends and to disconnect our investors returns from the vasititudes of those megatrends that we cant control. And we are still able to do that. And the activity  the high level of activity that we have had across our businesses in the first 6 months tells you that we are happy with what we are finding and I dont see any reduction in IRRs versus what you have seen in the past.
Gerald OHara: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Alright, great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just back on infrastructure, maybe either Tony or Steve if you can talk about  or Michael talk about the dynamic of fundraising and deployment, I guess, when you go into the market to close, are you doing that with the intent of immediately deploying those assets or into investments or is there more of a lag? And I guess maybe just thinking about instead of a multiyear period, are you viewing the deployment pace over a multiyear period or do you see some opportunities that  where you can deploy that faster? And maybe in the context of that, how we can think about the growth fee outlook into 2018, given your infrastructure fund?
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. Okay. We are going to be in the deployment business right away. In fact, we are already having incoming opportunities. And we will find  if theres an interesting deal on a rich-reward basis, we will find a way to do it. We have interested investors, frankly. We have had a lot of conversations. We are short of a fund close where you got to herd a lot of cats we got people that are ready to go now. So we will be able to do deals as they come. We will have, probably, as I mentioned, either later this year or early next year, an official close with a bunch of investors. And we will  but we will be up and running in the business, ready to put money out this year. In terms of  I dont think its going to be the hugest impact of 18 because of the invest spending. And we are one of those businesses where you build the infrastructure, you build the team, that takes some of the investment. But once its there, this is very powerful.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thats good color. And then on  just on the  back on the retail question. You mentioned, obviously, a number of  I think, Joan, you went through 3 different distribution initiatives. Have you thought about partnering with traditional asset managers to the extent that they already have pretty vast distribution in lot of these areas and where you would bundle, say, sort of active product with some liquid, sort of juice to it, so to speak. Or is that an area that you dont really  you dont want to go into and you would rather just distribute on your own?
Joan Solotar: I think its a good question. I would say to date, we have been able to offer both liquid and illiquid. And actually, if you look at sales to date this year, its been heavily tilted towards liquid product and real estate and on the hedge fund side. So I will give you some sense of various pull. So we can weave together products that we have to create multi-asset solutions, and we do that already and we do it with drawdown products. In the Harrington example, we do it with both liquid and illiquid. I would say, we havent really heard of demand in the market for us to partner with someone else. And in this realm, if you look at our performance across all of our buckets, all of our strategies, its quite strong in every asset category. And  so I think we are quite comfortable with the products that we have now. And I dont think we are limited in our distribution. So I will just give you also little color on what we have. So we have built out a wholesaling team. We have built out sales desk and full operations across processing, finance, and etcetera. We are building globally. And so I think we have a unique distribution system in retail versus any of our peers that has quite a bit of reach. And then, of course, we leverage already the big institutions, the global investment banks, private banks overseas, independent broker dealers, firms, larger firms, like Schwabs, etcetera. So I think thats going to serve us very well.
Michael Chae: Brian, let me put some added color on that. Some of our distribution is constructed to actually harness existing distribution system, as Joan mentioned. And  but up against them, an interface flawlessly with them in terms of systems, training and everything else, where we train other peoples brokerage for example. Other aspects of the distribution system that we have, and Joan is building, are direct distribution, where you go direct to the client. Those are more rifle shot. They are not the mass-market, obviously. They tend to be bigger things. We would never really dependent on other peoples distribution for our product in replacement for ours. Because our  we feel we can do this really well, we want people really, really knowledgeable and well trained about our products, especially. Our products are specialty products, thats kind of the definition of alternatives. And so I think were going to depend on our own distribution. However, I do think the big prize out there, that we have talked about in the past calls, is marrying our high  absolute-return, illiquid products with some sort of  it could be active, but probably passive, and packaging those in target date funds are something like the 401(k) market. And I think there are trillions of need for our products, as part of an investment solution. And that I think is a big price, and that is something that we are doing a lot of thinking about. Let me just put it that way.
Brian Bedell: Thats actually an interesting topic. I mean, just cracking that 401(k) market, obviously, with the liquidity thats demanded is difficult. But I have often wondered to what extent you can actually get those types of products in that, and what you are saying, essentially, is through the target date vehicle, you may be able to actually sort of wedge into that market. Is that  am I hearing that correctly and is that?
Steve Schwarzman: Right.
Brian Bedell: Something near-term rather than longer term?
Steve Schwarzman: We are not  but when you say we may be a little wedge in the market, we would be part of an investment solution in a target date fund. I am not saying that we are going to manage the whole target date fund.
Brian Bedell: Absolutely, and thats a huge asset class, obviously from those products.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes.
Brian Bedell: Okay. And then is it a near-term effort rather than a longer-term effort?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, its a near-term effort and a longer-term payoff.
Brian Bedell: Okay, thanks very much. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Chris Shutler, William Blair.
Chris Shutler: Hi, guys. Good morning. On core+ real estate and core private equity, things are up to AUM of $17 billion and $5 billion, respectively. Can you just talk about how deployment opportunities are shaping up in each of those areas? And maybe give us a sense of what  how should we expect an average deployment year to look for both of those? Thanks.
Michael Chae: Well, okay, they are different but  so let me generalize across the two. We are seeing an awful lot of interesting deployment opportunities in both. Now by definition, core private equity will be lumpier and more episodic because you are buying fewer bigger assets in the fund. So its very hard to do an average, I just  I dont think it would mean much. You maybe have to assume something for your model, but I will let you work with less than on that. In core+ real estate, theres a lot of granular assets, and thats steadier, I would say that you have seen the deployment pace. And I dont see any reason that, that changes radically. As the way  and by the way, the structure of those two funds is different too. I think you know that, but if you want Weston to take you through how the two work in terms of money raised, money deployed, ones a drawdown fund, if you will, and ones an open-ended fund where you get a queue of investors and then take the money as you find the deal, so theres some differences there. But I will leave that  I will leave you to Weston on that one.
Chris Shutler: Fair enough. And then just quickly on the Logicor sale of $0.35 to $0.40 that Michael mentioned in DE. I just want to confirm thats before the 15% hold back.
Michael Chae: Thats correct.
Chris Shutler: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I am showing no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Weston Tucker for any closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great, thanks, everyone for joining us today. And please follow up with me after the call if you have any questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2017 Investor Call. My name is Derek and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Derek and good morning and welcome to Blackstone's first quarter conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Private Wealth Solutions and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. And for a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see the Risk Factor section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $1 billion for the quarter which is up sharply from the prior year comparable period. Economic net income or ENI per unit was $0.82 which is more than 2.5x the prior quarter -- prior year quarter, due to greater appreciation across the funds as well as strong growth and fee related earnings. Distributable earnings per unit was $1.02 for the quarter or about triple the prior-year period. We declared a distribution of $0.87 per common unit be paid to holders of record as of May 1. One final note for me, I will be hosting our fifth BX Investor Day on June 8 in New York. If you haven't already received a save-the-day e-mail, please follow up with me after the call. The full event will be webcast live with a replay available on the Blackstone website. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone posted excellent results in the first quarter, as Weston mentioned, our second best quarter ever for distributable earnings at $1.02 per unit, just a few pennies shy of our all-time record in early 2017. Realizations reached nearly $17 billion in the quarter, our best ever. And although we were selling a lot, we're also investing a lot in almost $12 billion invested across the drawdown funds, our second best quarter ever, adding to our foundation's future value. In fact, just in the past week, we committed an additional $2 billion in new deals in private equity and that's just in one week. ENI, as Weston mentioned, grossed $0.82 per unit with broad-based strong fund returns, waiting to our highest overall fund appreciation in several years. The corporate private equity funds appreciated nearly 7% in the quarter, while the real estate opportunity funds were up nearly 6% on a growing base of invested assets. Over the past year, these funds appreciated 15% while our credit funds rose over 25%, [indiscernible]. Our liquid hedge fund deposit rose 12% on a growth basis with much less volatility in the market, making it an industry outperformer as well. These types of returns are helping our limited partners dramatically exceed their targets on their allocations to Blackstone. As a result, they keep rewarding us with more of their capital to manage, pretty logical. Despite our high level of realizations in the quarter, our fee earning AUM rose 15% year-to-year to $280 billion, another firm record with a strong positive growth in every business, as Tony mentioned earlier. Total AUM rose 7% to $368 billion, also another record which, I guess, starts to sound a little boring. While this is clearly a strong set of results for 1 quarter, greater than that is the output of Blackstone's business model and our ability to drive substantial outperformance over time, beating any relevant index by a very wide margin. Private equity, for example, our funds have outperformed the S&P 500 by approximately 700 basis points per year on a net basis after all fees, its inception 30 years ago. In real estate, that outperformance is 900 basis points per year versus the real estate index over 26 years. This long term outperformance differentiates Blackstone in the market and from almost all loan-only money managers. It also positions us very well in a dramatically evolving industry where capital flows are increasingly following a barbell distribution. On the one hand, investors are migrating towards low fee, low friction index funds with well over $1 trillion, moving to index and exchange traded funds in the last 5 years alone, largely at the expense of actively managed equity funds. On the other side of the barbell are the alternative managers which, in the top quarter, like Blackstone, have historically developed -- delivered net returns well above benchmarks with limited downside and Blackstone is regularly acknowledged by third parties as being at the top of this group. LPs know that the types of returns we generate over the long term can't be replicated in the public markets. Our investment solutions are highly customized from the fund structures themselves to the way we create value with our portfolio operation experts and asset management capabilities. In many case, we're building companies from scratch, we're developing strategies to rapidly expand existing companies, including through acquisitions. This is much different than investing passively in public stocks. The resulting performance is differentiated and largely uncorrelated to most other assets. Our LPs understand the uniqueness of our asset class, though there's no surprise that demand for alternative products continues to increase. Blackstone is taking share of this growing wallet, having raised in the past 3 years $224 billion which is greater than the total size of any of our domestic alternative peers. There's also an information advantage that comes with size, providing a critical underpinning to our performance. We're basically in the intellectual capital production business. Assuming that our people are equally as smart as the best qualified investors in the world but have a more informed view, then logically, we should be able to produce better results. As Blackstone grows larger, our access to information increases and our returns benefit which may seem counter intuitive, but as you can see, it happens to be true. This ability to generate and evaluate information is a key structural advantage at Blackstone. And sustaining this advantage has become mandatory to have use on geopolitical events and decisions by governments which are impacting the business environment to a greater degree than ever before. Senior business leaders globally are spending much more time today on the impact of elections, regulation, legislation and other changes occurring in countries around the world which can have profound implications. And you also consider rapid technological advances. It's no longer business as usual virtually anywhere about anything. We believe sustaining long term success requires us to have an educated view on global issues with enormous alertness in changing conditions. Blackstone's global portfolio provides a truly unique platform from which to learn. Our portfolio now consists of nearly 150 companies where we hold control or significant influence with a combined enterprise value of over $400 billion. These companies employ approximately 600,000 people around the world, making us one of the 5 largest U.S.-based employers. In fact, our portfolio of companies employ as many people in some entire smaller countries in Europe and Asia. As one example, a Blackstone portfolio workforce equates to nearly 1/3 of the workforce of the entire country of Ireland and 1/4 that of New Zealand. Our real estate business is one of the largest private owners of real estate in the world, I might say the largest. We're the largest owner of hotels and offices globally and the largest owner of logistics in Europe. Our credit business is one of the largest managers of leverage of loans in the world and BAAM is the largest investor in hedge funds in the world with almost 140 external managers. We oversee this expansive portfolio with nearly 1,000 investment professionals across 16 countries plus all of our company management teams and operating partners. We leverage their combined insights and convert them into real decision-making power, ultimately driving better investment decisions always with the first priority of protecting capital. With this remarkable knowledge base, our track record and our capability to invest basically anywhere in the world, it is reasonable that our market share could continue to increase in the fast-growing alternative sector with concomitant growth in earnings and cash distributions for our shareholders. We've demonstrated this type of growth consistently over time. It's not about 1 or 2 quarter's results regardless of how strong they are, like they are in this quarter. For example, as Tony mentioned, over the past 3 years, we will have distributed an average of $2.50 of value per unit per year to our shareholders. That implies an average dividend yield of 8.3% based on today's stock price. Think about all the things that have happened in the world over the last 3 years, including the significant Chinese market volatility and the projective recession of China which, of course, never happened; the worst start for U.S. equities on record in 2016; the Brexit, surprising vote; and the unexpected U.S. presidential election outcome. Against that background, our shareholders, me being the largest one, still received a consistently high and growing payout of $2.50 per year on average. Where else in global markets can you find this level of payout? With every reasonable expectation, it's going to grow over time. I think it's pretty unique, particularly for a large-cap A+ rated company like Blackstone. The average company in the S&P has a dividend yield of 2% and trades at around 20x last year's earnings. Blackstone stock raised to 12x, not 20x, last year's earnings with an 8% yield, not a 2% yield over the last 3 years, as I mentioned. That's despite having leading positions in all of our various businesses. Faster revenue and earnings growth and much higher payout. Go figure. I don't think they teach that in Graham and Dodd. As most of you know, I've been racking my brain to make sense of this disconnect. If our shares were valued the same as the average S&P company based on dividend yield, the share price would be over $100 a share instead of the $30, where it now is. If we were valued using the average P multiple, the price would be over $50. That's just math. In any case, this disconnect remains a mystery to me. I leave it to you to figure it out. Thank you for joining our call and thank you for supporting us over the years. It's great to have you as shareholders and as intermediaries to shareholders. Now I'd like to turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results represent a terrific start to 2017 with record or near record quarters for most of our metrics, as Steve mentioned. Total revenue doubled year-over-year to $1.9 billion while economic net income rose over 2.5 fold to $986 million, both reaching their highest level in two years. Fee related earnings rose 18% to $291 million, helped by the first full quarter of management fees for our $19 billion BCP VII fund. Distributable earnings more than tripled to $1.2 billion or $1.02 per unit. On last quarter's call, we pointed to at least $0.60 per unit in DE from sales that were either already closed or resigned and we closed over the subsequent months. We delivered on this and more. Indeed, all of these previously discussed pending transactions closed in the first quarter on or ahead of schedule, including the Hilton stake sale, the transaction involving Change Healthcare and the sales of Optive, Tactara and our Japan residential portfolio. Subsequently, in the quarter, we were able to opportunistically sell down additional public stock positions which, together, drove the distributable earnings from realizations up to $0.82 per unit. Combined with growing FRE, the result was our second best quarter for distributable earnings and the dividend. From a capital metrics perspective, first quarter results demonstrated continued robust momentum in each of the major drivers, realizations, deployment, investment performance and AUM growth. Further to that, the consistency of the momentum across each of our business lines highlights the firm's unique diversity and leadership position. First, with respect to realizations. We generated $16.6 billion in the first quarter, a firm record. The majority of that amount came from our BREP and BCP funds at an average multiple of original invested capital of 2.6x. The realizations in the quarter from these funds derived from over 30 discrete sales transactions around the world, highlighting the scope of our platform with sales diversified across region, asset class and vintage. Total realizations for the past 12 months rose to nearly $50 billion, our second highest for any 12-month period. And while we're clearly pleased with this execution, our pipeline of future sales remains quite strong. Second, investment activity. We deployed nearly $12 billion in the quarter, closing several large previously discussed transactions from private equity, including TeamHealth and our BCP VII fund; gamble on resources and our energy private equity area; and SESAC, a music rights company, in our longer-dated new core private strategy. GSL also deployed $2.3 billion in the quarter, their second highest ever, with a focus on European direct lending and energy. In real estate, we're continuing to find things to invest in its scale, with recent emphasis on core+ and European opportunistic deals. In our Tactical Opportunities and Strategic Partners businesses, together, invested over $1 billion in the quarter. It's worth mentioning that those 2 strategies have grown to a combined $38 billion in AUM and have expanded well beyond original mandates to multiple strategies and fund structures. Taken together, this activity reflects not just the firm's but our individual businesses' ability to leverage multiple pools of capital with bearing mandates to address the whole market from a sourcing standpoint and then to identify and go where the value is against a generally challenging and expensive backdrop. This was highlighted well again in our private equity business with our announcements this week, as Steve mentioned, of acquisitions of EagleClaw Midstream off of our energy platform and Ascend Learning, our second deal in 4 months by our new core strategy, with these 2 deals together involving over $2 billion of committed equity. So it's about the power of our multiple platforms in each business and these platforms are fueled by the industry's largest dry powder of capital pool of $94 billion, giving us great flexibility to invest wherever in the world we see opportunity or dislocation. Third, investment performance. The firm delivered attractive returns across the board. As Steve mentioned, our corporate private equity funds rose 6.9% in the quarter and 15% over last 12 months with broad-based appreciation across sectors and regions. The real estate opportunity funds were up 5.7% in the quarter and 15% over the last 12 months while core+ was up 3.1% and 9%, respectively. Both our corporate private equity and opportunistic real estate funds outperformed the S&P 500 this quarter even in a very strong quarter for the stock market. In credit, GSO delivered strong performance in the quarter following a standout year in 2016, with a performing credit funds up 3.5% gross in the quarter and 26% for the prior 12 months while the distressed funds were up 2.8% in the quarter and 25% over the prior 12 months. And the BAAM composite generated a gross return of 2.7% in the quarter and nearly 10% for the prior 12 months. The vast majority of BAAM's incentive fee eligible AUM is now back above the high watermark and that drove a more than doubling of BAAM performance fee revenue versus the first -- the fourth quarter to its highest quarterly level in more than 3 years. And fourth, this fund performance continues to drive robust fund raising, as Steve alluded to. Gross inflows were $14 billion in the quarter, with consistent distribution across businesses. Total gross inflows were $67 billion over the prior 12 months which, combined with $27 billion of fund appreciation, drove total AUM up 7% to a record $368 billion. Every business segment had positive growth in AUM year-over-year even despite $18 billion of realizations from private equity and $21 billion in real estate. GSO remains our fastest-growing segment currently, up 18% year-over-year. And BAAM's AUM rose 7% with no abatement in its long term annual pace of gross inflows of around $11 billion. Although we didn't have our global private equity or real estate flagship funds in the market in the past year, our fundraising members are benefiting from continued expansion of our platforms into product and regional adjacencies as well as having more funds that continuously raise capital versus episodically. Fee-earning AUM rose 15% year-over-year to a record $280 billion, our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in this metric. Finally, the outlook for distributable earnings remained strong. While obviously it would incorrect to extrapolate our first quarter results forward, we do have a significant pipeline in real estate and private equity of both private and public realization opportunities. Most of BAAM's eligible AUMs is back above the high watermark, as I mentioned and so we could see material contribution from that business later this year. And our core+ real estate business will be in a position to start generating cash incentive fees later this year and, overall, will be a meaningful contributor to DE this year and going forward. Underlying all of this, we have a solid and growing baseline of fee related earnings supporting the distribution. Relative to our $280 billion of currently fee-earning AUM, we have $43 billion of management fee eligible AUM already raised but not currently earning fees that will turn on as funds are launched or its capital is invested depending on the fund. Overall, we continue to expect FRE to grow organically in the low double-digit percentage range in 2017. I'd like to finish my remarks with the following observation. While predicting ENI or DE for any 1 quarter is difficult, our business is not a mystery. The model is simple. We raise and invest scale capital over time, we create value in those investments and then we exit when the timing is right, generating significant cash distributions for shareholders. While there is variation from quarter-to quarter, the historical data shows consistency and growth over a longer period than 1 quarter. As one illustration, it's informative to compare results for the last 12 months instead of the preceding 12-month period, ending in March of 2016. For that prior 12-month period, we generated a very strong $3 billion of distributable earnings. You will recall, however, markets had come to a very volatile period which put pressure on our ENI for parts in the prior period. So ENI for the 12 months ending in March 2016 was well below the reported DE. Some expressed concern at that time that our ENI implied too little value creation and therefore, they were worried about future DE. Fast-forward 1 year. Today, we reported another $3 billion of DE for the past 12 months, almost exactly in line with the prior year comparable periods. We simultaneously tripled ENI which was also $3 billion for the past 12 months. And we've invested another $27 billion from the drawdown funds alone, bringing total performance fee eligible AUM in the ground to nearly $180 billion. Though even with our high level of realizations, we're continuing to build our store of future value. Despite nearly $50 billion of realizations and $3 billion in DE, total AUM, invested AUM and fee-earning AUM are all still up significantly year-over-year. We think this all bodes well for future earnings power and performance. I share Steve's great optimism and think the empirical evidence solidly supports it. With that, we thank you all for joining the call and we'd like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will be from the line of Patrick Davitt, Autonomous.
Patrick Davitt: A few of you have been quite vocal about the idea of, obviously, getting more retail access to alternative and particularly, in retirement plans, the 401(k) plans. So 2 questions around that. First, now that we're a few more months into the new administration, are you encouraged by what you're seeing kind of below the radar occurring on that front? I guess relative to where we were last year, do you feel like the opportunity to get more alternative with these kind of clients is growing? And two, what needs to happen now and what do you think the timeline is to get there?
Hamilton James: Well, I guess, I'll tackle this one. It's Tony. I think, first of all, you start with a need. We have a looming huge retirement issue in America, I think everyone knows that. I've talked about that numerous times. And one of the reasons we have it is that the savings that people do put away don't earn enough. And you can't -- people are squeezed on the cost side, student loans, healthcare costs, childcare cost and other things, they can't save 10% or 20% of their income. If they're going to -- they have to be able to build a good retirement nest egg by saving a few percent of their income. And in order to connect those dots, that money has to earn at higher compounding rates than the typical 401(k) earns of 2% to 4% after fees. The only answer to that, particularly with markets where they are, is to move out of purely liquid markets into alternatives. So I think eventually, both parties are going to realize that they're going to decimate their elderly population financially if they don't allow this to happen. And it doesn't -- it's not a fix that takes overnight, so we have to get ahead of it. So I think the need -- I think that need is becoming more and more clear and the answer is becoming more and more clear to both parties. I think the changes in the Department of Labor and whatnot open up opportunities for us, we think, but we've got a long way to go before its actioned.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Craig Siegenthaler, Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: So I know you can't raise 5 COOs every quarter and it's nice to see some large investments scheduled for 2Q, but I wanted to see if the lower fund-raising levels were partly driven by the more challenging backdrop on the investing side.
Hamilton James: I don't think so at all. I think first of all, if you look at our slate of products, it's actually, despite of that, we had a good first quarter which I consider to be an excellent first quarter, $14 billion, by the way. It's back end loaded for this year just because the timing of the fundraisers, number one. Number two, remember, these things are lumpy. And when you have your big -- your really big funds, your private equity fund, your real estate fund, those things, out of the market, you're just going to see lower levels. And when you're in the market and they have a closing, you're going to see bigger levels. I think it's a real mistake to try to plot this on some quarterly basis. We think there's tons of good opportunities out there and we're finding them as indicated by what Steve and Mike were talking about our investment rate.
Michael Chae: And I'd just add, Craig, it's Michael, it just so happens in the subsequent next few quarters, there is a great pipeline of a number of drawdown funds, maybe not the flagship BCP fund. But whether it's Tac Opps; SP real assets; importantly, cap solutions, 3 from GSO; the second Asia fund for real estate and others that are going to unfold in the coming months and quarters.
Craig Siegenthaler: And just my final one here. Any update on the infrastructure business just in terms of plans for fundraising?
Hamilton James: Well, we talked about that earlier this morning in the press call. We're laying the groundwork for that, talking to some anchor investors. And putting together our team and some things like that. Again, this is a -- it'll take a while to roll this out. We're not a bit -- the beauty of our business, frankly, is people can't plunge into it, but -- and once we're there, we've got a really sustainable position. But it does take a while to build new capabilities.
Operator: You're next question will be from the line of Glenn Schorr, Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: So we've got this, I forget, 1 year, 1.5 years ago, when there was talk about CalPERS and some other big LPs insourcing or reducing their exposure on the hedge fund side and I think Blackstone was net beneficiary of consolidation of providers. There's renewed conversation, except this time in private equity, but the same kind of thing, high fees paid, maybe some insourcing, maybe some consolidation providers. I think you're going to be a beneficiary again, but I'm curious to get your thoughts on, is this a trend? Is this a type of conversation with your largest LPs and what you see the outcome being?
Hamilton James: Okay. Well, let me start by saying that when LPs need our returns and if you look at the CalPERS announcement, you'll see that the single highest performing asset class in CalPERS is private equity. And let's not lose sight of the fact that we deliver enhanced returns to LPs, number one. And Number two, they never need them more than they do today. The same reasons that I just talked about for the 401(k)s. And so, in general, what we're seeing is more and more LPs putting a higher percentage of their assets into alternatives, private equity included, fee discussion notwithstanding. So when we look at the picture, we're seeing the opposite of what you're talking about. We're seeing more people giving us more money. And actually, I would say, in general, there's no pressure on fee structures. And a point of fact, we're actually making some enhancements to the fee structures from our perspectives.
Glenn Schorr: Enhancements?
Stephen Schwarzman: There was also a survey I forgot to bring with me, so I'm a little derelict on this but it was done by Preqin [ph] and I don't know if anybody in the room has that. But basically, we're saying there's a huge buy-in and satisfaction with private equity returns on behalf of investors. And so I look at that and that kind of objective assessment, I think it was like 84% of investors. We're very happy with their returns at about half of investors, something like that, we'll get you the numbers, are keeping their allocation as a percentage the same and the other half are increasing. So assuming that they've done an accurate survey that gives you a sense of what's going on.
Hamilton James: And Glenn, I do want to come -- part of your question related to consolidation. We're seeing LPs increasingly wanting to consolidate their providers. And there's a few factors there. Number one, the administrative cost of this asset class is not like a mutual fund with their drawdown notices, their return capital and so on and so forth, that needs to be reinvest. So these pension funds that have hundreds, literally hundreds of providers, it has its administrative cost for them. Number two, they figured out that if they have lots and lots and lots of providers, essentially, they get reversion to the [indiscernible] and instead of getting superior performance of top quartile managers, they have average performance. And number three, they just want to -- they want to get other things, noneconomic things, from their managers which could be training their people, could be systems, could be insight in the markets, educational things, so on and so forth. And so we're seeing definitely a trend towards the big providers, the big LPs wanting to consolidate capital with the big managers like us, most particularly us, actually. I don't know that anyone else has actually seen this across asset classes. So not just in -- yes, they want to be bigger in private equity but they also want to be bigger in real estate, Tactical Opportunities, strategic partners and so on, GSO. So that consolidation is one of the tailwinds that we're enjoying and have been enjoying.
Operator: You're next question will be from the line of Bill Katz, Citigroup.
William Katz: Apologize if I was doing this math a little quickly. Steve, I appreciate your comments about if you were to sort of yield and assimilate to the S&P, you'd be a $100 stock. So if I just assume a 3-year return, I get like a 49% compound annual growth rate for that investment. And so I'm wondering, as you do your own math and you think about the business, I know you said you'd rather reinvest that back into the business than to repurchase. But with the sort of glaring upside that you see in the stock versus where it's trading today, how are you thinking at all maybe altering your allocation of capital between sort of reinvesting back into the business versus other uses of return back to investors?
Stephen Schwarzman: That's something we always look at. And we're starting -- planning to start a number of new businesses. And we have unpredictable needs for capital for growth. And the higher those needs are, in a way, I guess, the happier we're. And so if we get into an area where a limited partner asked us to pioneer something and needs a certain amount of money to put up as good faith money, you always want to have money to do that. The returns, I guess, we -- as we discussed in the past, can run up as high as 30% for doing that. But even more than 30% on just one situation, it grows the scale of the firm, it grows the number of things we can do for a limited partner. And that's got a knock-on effect that's very substantial. And so we tend to be cautious with sort of our use of money because that's sort of the greatest return for shareholders in the long term and just sort of generally cautious financially because we have a high payout for the stock. Plus, we do get presented with acquisition opportunities constantly. And the idea of not having enough money on hand to take advantage of these unique opportunities, as manager, I look at it and say, it's always great to have the firepower to do whatever comes your way that's truly compelling. And so it's a bit of a dilemma when you have a stock at the level you don't like. And you're trying to plan for accelerated growth of the business for the future and at least, at the moment, we sort of come out reserving for those opportunities because there -- once you start these types of businesses, they grow from little acorns to really giant sized trees and that's the best way to create value.
Michael Chae: The other thing, Bill, is frankly, I understand your 49% IRR point. We think the value is there, but we don't have confidence enough in you guys to figure that out because you have disappointed us consistently.
William Katz: Okay. Mike, there is a quick clarification, you mentioned that your expect FRE to be up low double digits this year. Actually, we annualized your first quarter that guidance was seemed to be a little bit late. Is that based on sort of the old way you were disclosing FRE or now pro forma for the add-back of stock-based comp?
Michael Chae: No, Bill, it's really a single big driver which is, this quarter, the comparisons were full quarter of BCP VII versus a quarter when we didn't have a full quarter of that. And so that's really the -- that's the big driver of the current quarter. But obviously, we still expect for the rest of the year and for the full year, pretty healthy growth. And so I think low teens is a good way to sort of point -- good thing to point to and we obviously hope we do better than that as well.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just one of the aspects of your business has been innovation, core+, long-dated PE, what could make sense next time in Blackstone's evolution? It seems like infrastructure could be one, but what other product adjacencies or geographic regions to make sense in terms of Blackstone's evolution?
Michael Chae: Well, we're obviously -- have talked about the infrastructure initiative, so that's one. Let me say to that we've been thinking now for a couple of years about the fact that we don't want to be the ultimate old economy company. And there's a lot of interesting things going on in the world. Our tech investing has been very successful. Within Tac Opps, we've been doing some very successful growth equity investing. And so we've got a -- what I think is an extremely exciting concept which I'm not going to elaborate on. But that's in the whole growth venture area, let's just leave it at that. We've added some expertise to our board in that area, with one of the leader being venture capitalist and other things that we just tapped into some of our experience. So that would be an obvious one. I'm really interested in -- as countries nationalize and pull back, I'm interested in the whole development finance area and there might be something there. And we've got -- and we've talked historically, we've also talked about the fact that one of the areas we're not in is commodities. And we -- I don't see us becoming a commodities trading house, but I -- we've found the right entry point and business model that has sustainable competitive advantages. Again, we're all about not just filling out our matrix, but whatever we do, doing better than anyone else and having a mode around it so that they cannot imitate what we do and they cannot earn the same returns. So -- but we do have opportunities to do that, we're just patient about them.
Michael Cyprys: And as you think about M&A for your business. What in your view, could be compelling, Steve, you mentioned that you want to kind of be in a position to be able to do something compelling and said, it came to you, but what was that -- what could that look like? What is compelling in your mind?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I love you but telling you exactly what we're going to be focused on and so forth, so our competitors can catch up with us is not something that we do with enthusiasm. So I'm going to pass on that, not to be disagreeable, but just to protect you in the long term, for us being able to do these types of things.
Michael Cyprys: Fair enough. Maybe I'll just ask another one then in that case. Just in terms of the payout ratio, just given the time you get a lot of investment opportunities for your business on the horizon. In what situation could we see the payout ratio of adjusted to reflect a greater flexibility that you may need?
Michael Chae: We have no plans to do so, Mike.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Devin Ryan, JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe one here on the retail industry, it's been one area in the market that is seeing some stress for obvious reasons. So just curious how you're thinking about your exposure to the sector, may be directly and then indirectly through areas like real estate or other second derivatives. And then whether you're actually seeing any opportunities in that sector, just being created as a result of the stress?
Hamilton James: Okay. Well, yes, so we're -- we think retail, in general, has headwinds. So it's not like we're piling into that. And I will say though, within real estate, we've been a big beneficiary because of the last mile logistics that e-commerce companies require and that's been global. It's been nice days of Europe, China, Japan, et cetera. So that has been a key thrust for us there and the whole logic core business which the world is aware of, has benefited from that. With respect to other retail, there are going to be winners and losers within the retail sectors. So there's still -- people still go to grocery stores and they still have -- need local markets. And so we've again been a beneficiary in real estate of grocery -- in the grocery-anchored mall area or local malls but would stay away, frankly, from the regional malls. So we're trying to be smart about that. When we look at retailing though, a lot of the companies were looking at it and say, on the corporate side are hybrid bricks and mortar and e-commerce companies. And very often, those things work very well together and we're seeing some interesting opportunities. And then, I have a particular bias because I'm Lead Director of Costco and I think that company is an amazing company. And I think, I'm not sure I'd want to be a general retail anywhere between Amazon on one hand and Costco on the other, but there are ways to win in bricks and mortar, still.
Stephen Schwarzman: And then just add to what Tony said, within our real estate business, U.S. retail is a very small portion of our overall portfolio, it's something like 5% or 6% of our overall global portfolio. So the exposure is quite limited. And where we're exposed, as Tony said, the emphasis is on grocery-anchored shopping centers and kind of A locations and actually nowhere exposure in the U.S. doing in closed malls which as you know are the more fashion-heavy department store anchored locations that are facing headwinds.
Devin Ryan: Just a quick follow-up here, clearly, great quarter with realization, having the outlook all sounds pretty constructive there. But when you think about kind of the opportunities from here, how would you frame kind of the equity markets relative to maybe M&A exits to strategic acquirers. Is there the better area in terms of what the market construct looks like right now? And then also, with benign credit markets, it seems that dividend recaps are starting to pick up a little bit. So I'm just curious that maybe you're seeing a better opportunity to do some of those just to accelerate some capital return off of the private portfolio?
Michael Chae: Okay, well, on the -- let's start with the recaps first. On the recaps, the credit market is benign, it's for sure, but it's been benign for quite a while. And I don't see it accelerating, I think it continued to be part of the mix. The -- maybe you're not seeing as much as you might expect given the credit markets though because equity markets are also very, very receptive to IPOs and blocks, the secondaries. And we have, getting to your first part of your question, a good strategic market. So for the exit site, it's all 3 channels of exit are open for business and are welcoming to harvesting value. And yes, so with strategic partners, sure, there's plenty of them out there. I think one of the things that's happened with the election of President Trump is there's a little bit more of a forward leaning attitude on the part of corporate buyers. And I would say, that's pretty much across the board. And it's not just U.S., its international buyers as well. And we got a question earlier on China and obviously, what China is doing with the currency will affect that. But so far, we're still seeing China corporates buying, successfully completing strategic acquisitions.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Chris Schutley, William Blair.
Christopher Shutler: Regarding the $7 billion of deployments in private equity in the quarter, I know you mentioned a little bit of that was energy, so maybe EBITDA multiples aren't the right way of looking at it. But can you maybe just talk a bit about a few of the investments that you made in the quarter? And what gives you the confidence in the ultimate -- the current return profile, given where we're in the cycle?
Hamilton James: Well, okay. So a lot of it was energy. I mean, maybe Michael will give the exact percentage. But as you point out, not only is that not EBITDA multiple driven. But we frankly feel that energy prices of low 50s today, call it, will be higher out some time in the next 5 to 7 years. So that we do have a -- we're making a sector back on that, that will face higher prices. The energy deals we're doing today will earn decent returns if prices stay flat. We'll get our money back even if prices drop. But to earn juicy returns and I'm talking well in the 20s, our price deck has to be generally on point. I'm not talking about the exact timing, but at some point out there. So we think that's a very -- that mix is a very nice risk-reward ratio. And what we're buying are not necessarily complete companies when we buy them. We usually end up with a highly, highly competent management team and then we find the assets to go with that management team and create by putting those 2 things together, create a great company. And so a lot of the value is created by marrying those 2 things. They don't exist, preexist, we're not just going and buying energy companies, generally. So that's on the energy side. On the other side of private equity, we're continuing to do consolidations, I mentioned before. And those things you have, you've got a very good management team, you got a industry -- you got a position, industry-leading platform and then you can add things onto it at very attractive EBITDA multiples. So we might pay for some of those consolidation opportunities, 8x or 9x EBITDA. But after the synergies and the ability to benefit from broader platform, usually, we're able to get those multiples of the acquired companies down into 5x to 6x range. And as you'll appreciate that's very attractive way to acquire EBITDA in any market. And then thirdly, we -- a big one this quarter was TeamHealth. And we think that company both was good value because of some idiosyncrasies around that company and an acquisition they made that didn't get quite off to the start that it wanted and the market, in my view overreacted to that around a great company. But beyond that, in a private setting, there's some things we can do to create value there. And we think that will be a -- you've got all of the tailwinds you would want in now, with aging demographics and cost pressures on the hospitals where we're more cost-efficient solution and the advance of life sciences creating more things. And all of the demographic trends you could ever want and we've got a dominant industry leader. And we think that will be a very good investment over the long term. And that's one of the great things about that investment because you've got such good secular trends. You're not dependent on a quick fix and then hitting an exit. You can hold that company a long, long time and just let those -- let that growth drive your value.
Michael Chae: And I might add, you mentioned, at this point in the cycle and interestingly if you look at our biggest corporate deals that we either closed or announced in the last 4 months. Whether it's team TeamHealth, as Tony talked about in the healthcare sector, SESAC which is a music rights management company. The [indiscernible] learning deal we just announced in the training area. Basically, driven by noncyclical factors, great long term organic growth and we think pretty impervious to the cycle. So that's another way we address those concerns.
Hamilton James: Yes and that's the economic cycle, Michael, was talking about. But if you're talking about the valuation cycle, again, I want to come back to a point I made earlier to the press, we don't buy big baskets of securities. We're not really affected by the S&P index on where that's trading. We're really looking for really individual situations that are either private assets, not affected by the markets, not complete companies, broken situations where we can bring our management to fix them and so on and so forth. So we try to divorce ourselves from overall value on what we buy. And if you disaggregate our returns, over 80% of them are driven by things we do to the company, value we create. And obviously, that's not reflected in the value that we pay because it doesn't exist until we own it. So obviously, overall valuations mean what we have -- when they're high it means we've got to kiss a lot of frogs to find a few. So that the yield of what we work on goes down, because a lot of companies don't have that attribute. But if we're good and we're disciplined and we put enough resources at it, we still find a few diamonds in the rough.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Mike Carrier, Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Maybe first question, just on ,like, the sustainability, the returns. Tony, I think you mentioned on the other call, the EBITDA trends you were picking up into the high single-digit. And I think relative to that few quarters, we've definitely seen some improvement there. Just wanted to get a sense, is it very broad-based across kind of the investment or is it more kind of be a nuance to very specific. Just given what we're seeing on the economy and policy, changes, delays, it just seems like there's a lot of uncertainty out there. So I just wanted to get some color on that in sustainability of the returns.
Hamilton James: Yes, well, generally speaking, it's broad-based. I mean, those are averaged numbers. But there isn't -- it's not like the average is dragged up by a couple of rocket ships and the rest is sort of bumping along. So I would say, quite broad-based. And the others uncertainty out there, but for businesses you acted before, it was kind of oppression, I don't want to overstate this. And now there's kind of life and light and optimism that things could be better. So that's leaving them to lean forward and do a little bit more and it's being reflected. But also, beyond that, I don't want to put too much credit to the election. The economy is continuing to get better and it just -- and our companies, many of them are big enough to be global. Europe is definitely on the rebound. And I'd say this, China has come through sort of the wobbles that people worried about very well. Modi has got a new mandate and India is feeling good. And so it's a global business and it's global -- Brazil, it feels like it's kind of certainly in a business attitude down there, they found bottom and they're more optimistic with the change of the presidency. So in general, global business, it's continuing to get better and that's what you're seeing.
Michael Carrier: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe, Michael, maybe just on taxes and like the potential reform. It seems like you got plenty of time to try to ponder what kind of plays out. But just given that you've had a little bit more time, there's been a little bit more new details and new different plans. Just wanted to get any update on whether do you guys think there's some potential in converting the corporate structure or obviously, too early and what you said even in the prior conversations still stand?
Michael Chae: Yes, Michael, I think the prior conversation still stands, maybe with more so in terms of timing and outcomes on taxes. We're watching it as you are. And so we'll take that into account as it plays out.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: A question for, of course, you guys are around core+ real estate. Michael, sounded like you guys, obviously, anticipate cash incentive fees to start to contribute this year, later on this year. Any sense given kind of current returns in the business, what that should be? And I guess, as more funds go through, kind of clip that maturity. What -- how should we think about that progressing into 2018, '19?
Michael Chae: Yes, we're feeling good about it and the math around it is pretty analyzable, given the structure. And so in terms of sort of the first occurrence of cash performance fees for BPP, as you know, it works off of sort of 3 anniversaries when capital first came in. That first tranche will be in the second half of this year. And for the full year, I'm not going to give specific guidance, but it's a meaningful number and it will be the more meaningful 2018. And frankly and when we talk about core+, we now think about both BPP and BREIT which will also be a material contributor over time. So I think one, sort of very simple way to think about this is over time, for certainly, the BPP complex, once you're kind of up and running on these 3-year anniversaries, kind of water falling on cash incentive fees, very rough math is about 1% of AUM in the BPP program translates into a very healthy DE stream. So it's about $100 million of DE for a $10 billion AUM slug of core+, for example. So you can sort of extrapolate those numbers, it will be very powerful over time. And we'll probably talk about -- more about that on Investor Day.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe a couple of more. Just on the hedge fund solutions business at BAAM. The flows did improve on a net basis this first quarter. Maybe just some context on what's been going on in the hedge fund industry, in terms of the redemptions on the overall pie, the size of the pie of the industry. Do you see yourself as a result of what's been happening, gaining share and are you seeing any pressure on fees in the hedge fund space?
Hamilton James: Well, we're clearly gaining share as we have been really, consistently for the -- ever since the meltdown. And that's undiminished. And I would say, the enthusiasm for our product is actually growing. And one of the nice things as people, some of the prior questions related while the world feels uncertain, the more uncertain the world is, the better for BAAM. It's a way to get essentially, the equity returns or close to it. Although historically, we've actually done better, with much less volatility and risk than the overall market. So they do well and when people get a little more concerned. So if you feel it's -- value is your [indiscernible] it's a good thing for BAAM. And so clearly, picking up share and I think our investors are -- continue to be very positive. Was there a second part of your question, maybe I...
Brian Bedell: Are you seeing any pressure on fees, whatsoever, given what's going on in the industry? On -- just on the hedge fund side, you already answered the private equity side.
Hamilton James: Well, not on our fees per se, but we're using our -- the importance of us has probably as the biggest customer out there for hedge funds, to make sure that our LPs get as low aggregate fee -- fees as possible on their investments. That is to say, we're getting concessions from managers which can really underwrite most of our fees.
Michael Chae: So, Brian, it's Michael. Over 70% of our capital in BAAM, we have with the underlying manager, either a fee deal or a customized strategy. And so as Tony said, that is a big part of our value add-in, so we're creating value for our customers. I'd say also, just in terms of the structure of the business, you can sort of break it apart. In our core BPS platform, the classic fund to funds business, over the last few years, there's been some dilution on management fees, very gradual, slight. And part of that is because the average account size has grown which is a good thing for us. And also clients have sought to weight fees a little bit more towards performance based fees in a lower return environment historically. Although it's important to say, one big chunk of our core BPS business are commingled variant which is about $20 billion. Fees there have been very, very sticky. And then other parts of our business like the new retail platform or in the mutual funds, obviously, our stakes business, those are good things from a fees standpoint in terms of the mix and you'll see more of that over time as those 2 areas grow more.
Brian Bedell: And just a question for Steve, obviously, since we -- with the new administration, you're coming into the New Year, you're definitely very bullish on knowing economic growth prospects which you would seem to continue to see but also on tax reform and regulatory changes. Has your view changed on that at all since the last earnings call, given we have seen sort of a slower progress from the administration on that?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, there's obviously been sort of a setback in terms of the healthcare. There's a bit of a driver in terms of monies available that could be put to tax reform. And so that's created a slowdown which I think you saw, as Steve mentioned, made a comment that was publicly reported on that. So it feels like from wherever you were 3 months ago, there will be a delay on some of this. On the other hand, in the regulatory area, things to me here to be proceeding, it sort of -- with a lot of enthusiasm. I -- there is a lot of very productive work being done in infrastructure or in terms of how to debottleneck the system which now has great difficulty building things. It's hard to believe that both Germany and Canada can permit projects within a 2-year window and our average is somewhere around 10 years, sometimes longer. And there's all kinds of things that are going to facilitate that and there's a lot of work being done on that. And there's still a great appetite for bringing cash, if you will, from a broad -- back stage for a variety of purposes. So what I'd say is, there's a lot of stuff is linked which is why there's optimism in the corporate community, there's some stuff that's sufficiently complex like healthcare that it's clearly a difficult type of thing to resolve. And I think things will just be slower and that's a reasonable expectation.
Brian Bedell: It is based on things, things will get done this year in that regards, just to -- just maybe a little bit slowly?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, that's a separate thing. There's so many things I just mentioned that where they go in an envelope, I don't think that's hard to just give a judgment. But I think the trust of where things are going remains on track whether you get exactly the type of cuddle and healthcare -- excuse me, on -- when taxes that people are expecting, that's one of those imponderables, as you look at how the political system adjust to different elements that would be I think necessary to create super low rates, depends what the political resistance is that your judgment on that is at least as good as mine.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Robert Lee, KBW.
Robert Lee: I'm just curious, you seem -- you guys are benefiting strategic partners from kind of the expansion and growth in the secondaries business. I'm just curious, is that having any knock-on effect in terms of demand, primary demand in terms of more LPs willing to commit more capital, given that the secondary markets developing in different private investment areas?
Hamilton James: Well, the simple answer is yes. A lot of the secondaries, the sellers of secondaries are LPs that are interested in consolidating their GP mix to fewer core providers. Selling a lot of the -- selling off a lot of the old funds what GPs are not going to re-up with and then having more money to concentrate on the fewer managers so that they really want to be with going forward. And we've been a beneficiary of that on both ends, both the -- purchasing the secondaries and then we've got more than our fair share of the new money as they consolidate on the bigger, higher performing managers. So that's one thing. Secondly, they also -- if you look at the return profile over time of a private equity fund or a real estate fund or an infrastructure fund, we have in SP and strategic partners we have dedicated strategies around each of those things which is part of the driver of the growth, by the way. You'll see us, it's -- you'll see that once the fund gets mature, once it gets long and etude, the compounding rate of entries goes down. And so it's higher in the early years when a lot of value is created and then it goes down to something lower over time. And so a lot of LPs, what they want to do is, once it's mature, it's lower risk but it's low return, take that money and reinvest it in the higher return earlier lifecycle funds. And so again, we benefit really on both sides of that. So it's been a helpful trend for the industry, I think and for us, in particular.
Robert Lee: And just maybe the follow up. I mean, obviously, you talked at length about, I guess, I'll call the listing of the regulatory cloud, maybe in the U.S. But as you look around the world, is there any place where you have any concerns, there's some kind of regulatory change, whether it's the ECB talking about leverage the loan limits or whatnot, is there any -- when you look outside the U.S., is there any place that gets you to pause?
Stephen Schwarzman: No that's -- it's an interesting question. I've had meetings in the last 2 days with sort of 30 senior regulators from around world. And I was quite surprised at those meetings. And they came in to see me for a different reason, it wasn't tough actually, I guess, it was 3 of them, from Blackstone [indiscernible] more to talk about the system. And they're always saying that they think U.S. is tight. That we've overregulated, that our standards are beyond the Basel requirements and that's taken a -- sort of a -- that had an impact of slowing down growth in the United States and it's starting to affect their countries as well because some of the kind of regulatory enforcement and Justice Department impact has scared people around the world. And so I was really surprised and what they were saying is, we'd like you people to change so we could run our world as like a sort of in an easier, more normalized kind of way. And so it didn't sound to me as a group and I can't speak to what the ECB is doing because sometimes, the UN is up doing some things that we find a little unusual. But overall, I think there is a sense that we've tightened this thing up awfully tight and that we're are consistent with what the new administration is talking about. They just want to know how loose you're going to make it, but you're sort of in the right direction. And I was really surprised, you would think that when your regulators come in and talk to you, they're talking about -- you're not adequately not Blackstone, but your country. It needs more, we're going to do more or whatever and [indiscernible] today, this morning before this meeting and it's all in the same pile.
Michael Chae: And I'd make 2 other notes on the regulatory front. First of all, we're watching how Brexit unfolds because we obviously have a big operation based in London. We do business around the continent. What the regulatory impacts of how that unravels and it's something that may affect some of our business and probably the more regulation, the more separate regulation probably adds a little bit of cost, nothing significant to Blackstone but overall, we're still watching that carefully. We're well set up actually with our operation in Luxembourg, I think to accommodate whatever happens but nonetheless, it is out there. The other thing that we're watching, of course, is China, what it does to currency controls because the Chinese have been active buyers, not just for Blackstone but for a number of assets. And that's been -- we've been a beneficiary of that as have others. And so that's another area that we're watching closely.
Operator: Your final question will be from the line over Gerry O'Hara, Jefferies.
Gerald O'Hara: Earlier, you mentioned the investment on [indiscernible] we might be able to get just a little bit of context around what you find attractive, particularly on the U.S. oil and gas industry, whether that's been kind of impacted at all by the new administration. And then just related, if you could remind us, after several active quarters in that area, what the total exposure to energy is currently in the portfolio?
Stephen Schwarzman: I'll let Michael and the guys talk about the energy exposure I think it falls in both data and equity. And -- but the simple answer to question is, no, we didn't -- we're not -- our energy investing has not been significantly impacted by the change of an administration, no. We just felt -- it's really been impacted by where energy prices are, where they've been and where we think they're going. And by the frankly, capital squeeze that allowed the tradition participants in the industry are suffering. And when they suffer capital squeeze, they have to sell assets or raise money on less attractive -- for them, less attractive terms, we interpret that as being higher returns. So it's not really driven by the Trump administration. Michael, do have an energy exposure number you want to give out?
Michael Chae: Yes, I mean, the cost of the firm, Gerry, it's -- on our total assets, it's something in the 10% area of the total firm. For our private equity and GSO businesses, it's always been a more significant number, it's probably about double that in the 19% to 20% area.
Operator: And at this time, we're showing no further questions in queue. I would like to turn it back to Mr. Weston Tucker for any closing remark.
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Derek and thanks everybody for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Investor Call. My name is Mark and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Mark. And good morning and welcome to Blackstone's fourth quarter 2016 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Multi-Asset Investing as well as External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation of our results, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the Shareholders page of our website. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $770 million for the fourth quarter and $2.2 billion for the full year, up 95% and 38%, respectively, from the prior year comparable periods. Economic Net Income or ENI per unit was $0.68 for the fourth quarter and $2 for the full year both of which were up materially from the prior year periods due to greater appreciation across the funds. Distributable earnings per unit were $0.55 for the quarter and $1.78 for the full year. We declared a distribution of $0.47 per common unit to be paid to holders of record as of February 6 and that brings us to $1.52 paid out with respect to 2016. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone closed 2016 with strong fourth quarter results, as Weston just mentioned, and powerful momentum heading into 2017. Fourth quarter revenues and Economic Net Income rose by 79% and 86%, respectively. For the full year, revenue reached $5.1 billion, while ENI rose to $2.4 billion, both up 11%, as compared to only slight earnings growth for the broader market. We generated full year cash earnings of $2.2 billion and continue to pay very healthy distributions to our unitholders. In fact, over the past three years, Blackstone has actually distributed over $8 billion in value to our unitholders, which is more than any other public firm in our industry, no one close. And we remain one of the highest yielding equity securities of any large company in the world. We've delivered these good results during what was a really unprecedented period for markets and active managers in particular. Last year, January marked the worst start to a year for equities in history. Then came the Brexit referendum and its subsequent violent fallout across many asset classes and then, of course, the unexpected U.S. presidential election. The fact that the S&P ended up 9.5% on the year with positive momentum and surging investment confidence, in fact the highest confidence level in 15 years, is really extraordinary. Needless to say, many active managers didn't participate in this 9.5% gain. Looking beyond markets, investors, businesses, governments and individuals around the world are trying to assess the scope and potential impacts of new U.S. policy in many areas, including tax reform, a variety of new trade initiatives, immigration issues, deregulation and debottlenecking across the board, healthcare changes, energy policy, infrastructure proposals and a more pro-growth posture towards our financial institutions. I've spent a great deal of time recently traveling and meeting with different heads of state, business and political leaders from around the world, who are looking for insights into the new administration. It's clear there is a good deal of anxiety both inside and outside of the country around potential changes in U.S. policy. Major changes that are underway are designed to create significantly higher GDP growth in the United States, targeting a rate of growth as high as double the average of the past eight years. Higher growth should drive higher employment and wages as well as greater labor force participation. And we believe this will also extend the business cycle. And against the better growth factor out in the United States, the largest market in the world, there should be opportunities for everyone to benefit. The stock market is clearly anticipating a lot of fundamental pro-business reform, which I don't think is unreasonable. So we could see a prolonged continuation of current boom market in equities. How does all this impact Blackstone, our investors and our unitholders? While we don't have all the answers, I'm quite optimistic about our prospects. The largest determinant of our fund returns is our ability to grow the cash flows of our assets, which, of course, benefit in an environment of better economic growth. And while we've invested much to develop our global capabilities, Blackstone is still, today, predominantly a U.S.-focused company. And I expect we will see greater capital inflows and more opportunities to have realizations as international capital is attracted to the United States. By the same token, after the new reform agenda is implemented, we could see a divergence between winners and losers in the United States, which we're extremely well-positioned to anticipate. Similarly, we could see greater opportunities outside the country, as values and markets go through an adjustment period. The benefits of our business model are well highlighted in this type of environment. We're able to move quickly to deploy capital and scale when opportunities arise and then hold assets through periods of volatility to achieve the optimal outcome. The result over the long-term is material outperformance against any relevant measure, not necessarily every quarter or year but across business cycles. Taking the long view at Blackstone has helped us deliver to our investors outperformance versus the S&P and private equity of approximately 700 basis points per year after fees over nearly 30 years. In real estate, that outperformance is 900 basis points per year after fees versus the real estate index over 25 years. Our patient capital and large dry powder, which is about $100 billion now, benefits our investors over time. And there are many examples of how this works to ultimately create the great track record I've just described. For example, following the Brexit referendum last June, there was a period when markets seized up and transaction activity stalled. We were able to acquire attractively-priced assets from sellers needing to fund redemptions, if you will remember that. In our private equity energy area, we were patient and waited on the sidelines through most of the turbulent 2015 for oil prices to settle, selling basically nothing. When pricing look like it had bottomed early last year we became active purchasers, closing or committing to eight oil and gas investments for a total close to $3 billion. Simultaneously, we took advantage of record low interest rates to sell power assets at a significant profit. We also issued a 1% bond, the lowest rate I believe that was obtained in the European financial markets, denominated in euros. Oil prices obviously have risen very sharply since we put out this $3 billion. And our 2011 and 2015 dedicated private equity energy funds have generated returns from inception (9:27) of 13% and 36%, respectively, despite the carnage that occurred in the energy markets during this period. In late 2015, when interest rate concerns caused REIT stocks to trade-off sharply we moved quickly to acquire both Strategic Hotels and BioMed for a combined $15 billion, as they were suddenly trading below the value of what we thought their high-quality underlying real estate was worth. In barely one year, these two investments have already delivered early results that are terrific. We've sold most of Strategic assets at a significant profit and we've sold or have contract to sell non-core assets representing about 30% of BioMed, with sustained healthy fundamentals across the remaining portfolio. A list of these types of things goes on-and-on and this is how investing works at Blackstone, driving outperformance, plus it's a lot of fun to work here. Our track record provides the growth engine of the firm combined with a high degree of entrepreneurialism, which helps us figure out what new businesses to enter. We're always looking to pioneer innovative new product areas to take advantage of shifts in the market. The outcome of this multi-decade record of providing great solutions for our LPs, who in turn are happy and want to give us more money, including for new strategies, is a wonderful way to run a business. We apply a tremendous standard of care when launching new businesses with a strict focus on protecting capital. And that's why our LPs are willing to give us large-scale capital even for new things, like Tactical Opportunities, our new fund of the last few years, which is now up to $17 billion in assets under management; our real estate Core+, which, in a few years has gotten to $14 billion; and Strategic Partners, which does our secondaries, now over $20 billion, more than double the size of the platform when we acquired it three years ago. We are fiercely protective of what the Blackstone brand means to our clients and try to only launch products that we think will be truly great. The result is best in class fundraising for basically any period of time you want to look at. We continue to diversify our sources of capital, including bringing our institutional qualities solutions to the retail high net worth area and family office channels. We've built out this effort carefully, with a focus on maintaining a terrific experience for the end investor. Besides developing the distribution channel itself, we're also designing customized products for these investors. The early results, as Tony mentioned on the earlier call, speak for themselves with 15% to 20% of Blackstone's total capital raise now coming from retail. And I have great expectations for our ability to continue growing this initiative across each of our investment platforms and around the world. In conclusion, looking forward, I envision excellent prospects for the next several years for our firm and for our limited partners. Our business is flexible and responsive to changing dynamics which is ideal for the period we're entering. For our unitholders, we're coming off a period of record fundraising, significant investment activity, and have a powerful near-term earnings trajectory which Michael Chae will describe to you in more detail. Thanks a lot for investing with us. And, now, Michael?
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results represented a strong finish to the year with positive trends in revenue, Economic Net Income, distributable earnings and AUM. We achieved positive sequential growth in every one of these metrics each quarter of 2016, with all reaching their best level of the year in the fourth quarter. And that momentum has clearly continued into 2017. Total ENI nearly doubled in the quarter to $812 million, our best performance in seven quarters, as performance fees and investment income surged in every business. ENI for the full year rose 11% to $2.4 billion, as Steve said. Fee-earning AUM rose 13% to a record $277 billion. Total AUM rose 9% to $367 billion, with every business up sequentially and year-over-year. We saw $17 billion of gross inflows in the quarter and $70 billion for the year, our second best year ever, despite not having our private equity or real estate flagship funds in the market in 2016. That brings us to nearly $220 billion of gross inflows for the past three years, entirely organic, which is more than the total size of any of our peers. Fee-related earnings for the full year rose 7% to exceed $1 billion, despite the spin of our Advisory business as well as the six month fee holiday for our $19 billion BCP VII fund. FRE margin expanded nearly 350 basis points to 40%, a firm record for an annual period, driven by several factors: the spin-off of the lower margin Advisory business, the strong incremental margins on our added AUM, and active management of our cost structure as reflected in our historically low fee comp ratio. In addition, we received a benefit to FRE in the fourth quarter from favorable FX effects in our treasury with the euros movement in the quarter being advantageous in relation to our euro-denominated bond liabilities, which include what in retrospect was a quite well-timed September issuance of a 1% euro bonds. Adjusting for that benefit and also the Advisory spin-off, our underlying 2016 FRE growth was in the low-double-digit level and we expect to remain on this organic growth trajectory moving into 2017. Distributable earnings were a healthy $692 million for the quarter and $2.2 billion for the full year, good annual performance, but down from record 2015 levels, as higher FRE was offset by lower realized carry due mostly to the sequencing and realizations in our BCP V fund that I covered on recent calls. I'll share a positive update on this in a moment, but first I'd like to review some highlights for each business, starting with real estate. Real estate's fourth quarter was a continuation of recent trends of stable operating fundamentals, active deployments totaling $4 billion and significant realizations of $3.5 billion. The carrying value of our opportunistic funds rose nearly 5% in the quarter, their best performance of the year, while core+ was up 2%. For the full year, both were up about 11%. As you know, the story of this business has been sustained outperformance leading to global expansion and diversification into new areas at scale. Starting with one single global fund 25 years ago, we're now on our fifth dedicated Europe fund, currently at $7 billion, which launched its investment period in December. We'll likely start raising our second dedicated Asia fund this year on the heels of a successful first Asia fund. Our real estate debt business has evolved from an initiative to acquire oversold loans during a crisis to a $14 billion platform of mezzanine; liquid CMBS; our commercial mortgage REIT, Blackstone Mortgage Trust; and most recently a new a new high-grade product. And our core+ business is up to $14 billion and should begin contributing realized cash incentive fees in the fourth quarter of this year. All of this together have driven real estate's total AUM up 9% year-over-year to record $102 billion with an increasing mix of continuously raised permanent or quasi-permanent AUM. We've achieved this growth despite several years in a row of sustained, very large-scale realizations, $18 billion in 2016 and $58 billion over the past three years. And we think the outlook for continued, strong realizations is very good. In credit, GSO had a standout year in 2016, with fourth quarter gross returns of 4.7% for Performing Credit Strategies and 6.4% for Distressed bringing them to 22.6% and 17.5%, respectively, for 2016. Performance was driven by continued appreciation of energy investments as well as of distressed and event-driven debt positions across funds. Global demand for GSO's products continues unabated, driving the highest inflows at the firm for both the quarter and the year. GSO's fourth quarter inflows of over $8 billion included $2.9 billion for our mezzanine strategy that positions us as one of the very largest pools of mezzanine capital in the world and five new CLOs totaling $2.6 billion bringing us to $4.8 billion raised this year and ranks us as the largest global CLO issuer for the fourth year in a row. Total AUM at GSO rose a stunning 18% this year to $93 billion. GSO also had its strongest deployment quarter in the year with $1.4 billion invested and another $1.7 billion of pending deals as of year-end, most of which had closed in the first quarter. In Hedge Fund Solutions, BAAM's composite gross return was up 2.3% in the quarter, 5.3% in the past six months and 6.7% for the past nine months, an excellent recovery since the challenging start to 2016. I'll take a moment to put BAAM's 2016 performance in perspective by providing a breakdown of the key drivers of performance. The performance issue principally recited in one strategy, long/short equities, in one quarter, the first quarter, where a perfect storm of factors greatly pressured performance in this area. Indeed, relative to a full year composite gross return of 3.5% for BAAM overall, our performance outside long/short equities across eight other strategies was 7.5% for the full year. Furthermore, within long/short equities, the pressure was focused in the first quarter with returns of positive 5.2% for the last nine months of the year. And on a relative basis, BAAM continues to outperform its direct competition. Over the year, we outperformed various fund-to-funds' competitive sets by approximately 250 basis point to 500 basis points. Following these last three consecutive quarters of positive returns, 78% of BAAM's incentive fee eligible AUM was back above the high watermark at year-end, up from 67% at September 30. In the end, 2016 revenues and economic income for BAAM were basically stable with 2015, notwithstanding the turbulence. And, similarly, our gross inflows of $10.8 billion mark the third straight year of inflows at around the $11 billion level, reflecting continued, strong demand for BAAM's products that reinforces our leadership position as a large allocator of capital in the hedge fund area in the world. Moving to private equity, our corporate private equity funds appreciated 4.5% in the quarter and 11% on the year. As with real estate, the fourth quarter capped a year of steady, sequential improvement in investment returns throughout the year. Total deployment for the private equity segment rose to $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, the highest of the year, with an additional $3.1 billion currently committed but not yet invested. We have never been better positioned with multiple fund platforms and greater firepower in corporate private equity than now, with our $28 billion in committed capital across BCP VII, our second energy fund, and our new core private equity vehicle. Three significant deals to which we've recently committed are great illustrations of the distinctive ways we leverage our unique capabilities across these three different fund platforms to find value in a tricky environment. First, in the energy area, we recently partnered with Sanchez Energy in a $2.3 billion transaction to acquire Anadarko's interest in assets in the Eagle Ford basin in Texas. This was a highly complex deal involving both our private equity and our credit businesses, where collectively we and our partners at Sanchez developed a partnership structure and financing solution that worked for all parties to enable the deal. It's a great illustration of the breath and synergies among Blackstone's investment platforms and we believe no single firm in the market other than us could have made this happen by itself. Second, in the fourth quarter, BCP VII agreed to acquire Team Health, a leading healthcare services provider, which we previously and very successfully owned for eight years in our BCP IV funds. BCP VII's scale and our deep knowledge and experience with the company gave us the unique ability to expeditiously assess and execute a $6 billion public to private transaction. We expect to close this deal in the first quarter. Finally, our agreement at year-end to acquire SESAC, a leading music rights company, represents the first investment in our core private equity strategy designed to pursue investments in high-quality stable franchises on a very long-term hold basis. Our core private equity strategy, alongside our real estate core+ business, now together represent nearly $20 billion of capital for the firm in long-duration fund strategies. We view this area as a major recently developed strategic dimension to our product set, an excellent reflection of our ability to innovate at scale and expect these strategies to drive a large, growing and sticky stream of recurring, long-term earnings for unitholders. Finally on private equity, as discussed on prior calls, BCP V sales have for the most part not been converting to distributable earnings for much of 2016 due to an interim shortfall to preferred return on a realized basis, produced mainly by the sale of some lower multiple investment capital or MOIC longer hold large positions. To put some numbers around that, prior to 2016, our BCP V realizations had an aggregate MOIC of around 2.1 times. In 2016, our BCP V realizations had an aggregate MOIC of 1.3 times. Looking forward, our remaining public positions, which comprise approximately 75% of the remaining BCP V portfolio and are liquidating, have a MOIC of 2.7 times. So, you could call this something of an air pocket that we hit for a few quarters in 2016 in generating realized carry for a fund that remains overall in a substantial unrealized net carry receivable position. We said previously that we expected this result in early 2017. And I'm pleased to say that in fact, based on sales already closed at this point this year, we've closed out that shortfall in BCP V and are back into generating realized carry in the funds. That's a good segue to the final topic, the overall outlook for distributable earnings, which is very positive. As discussed previously, we expect continued, healthy growth in FRE with key drivers including a full year a full BCP VII management fees in 2017, the onset of full management fees from the fifth Europe fund after its fee holiday ends in April and the ongoing scaling of other funds that earn fees as invested. With respect to realizations, our pipelines are strong. We expect to remain very active. And, importantly, we start the year with great momentum in terms of DE from sales that are effectively locked in. Specifically, we currently have $8.7 billion in realization under contract or already closed in January that are expected to drive over $700 million or over $0.60 per unit in distributable earnings, most of which we expect to close in the first quarter. These sales include the Hilton stake sell, transactions involving Change Healthcare, Optive, Pactera and our Japan residential portfolio among others and a number of significant public stock sales that have already been completed just in the first few weeks of the quarter. So, from where we sit in January, we see a very strong trajectory in terms of DE and cash distributions to our unitholders for the year. In closing, overall, we would underscore two themes: momentum and positioning. We finished 2016 and have entered 2017 with a feeling of great momentum across nearly every dimension of our business and from a financial point of view for the firm. And, as Steve discussed, we believe we're extraordinarily well-positioned to understand the dynamic landscape and external environment and take advantage of the opportunities it will create. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Glenn Schorr from Evercore. Please proceed, sir.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. First, non-fund question. I'm curious for Steve. You chair the Strategic and Policy Forum for the new administration. I'm just curious on how that differs from your current role and how you chair the firm and where it takes you, how demanding on your time and what type of things you are advising on?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Well, actually, my wife has asked me the same question because you just pack more stuff in and you sleep less. And it's very interesting type of position to have because you touch a lot of people in the administration. And the whole administration is in a startup phase. And, as you know, most of the cabinet heads aren't even confirmed yet. So there is a startup element of it in terms of my role which is I'm not a member in the administration. I am chairing a committee. I'm like a full-time person of Blackstone that's getting sort of sucked into a lot of interesting things that are happening, because, as I said in my remarks, a lot of people around the world are sort of observing all these changes that seem to come out every day and are looking for some type of interpretation of what that means or might mean. And so that's created, I think, a short-term bubble for me to do a lot of stuff. But I don't think that that will continue at the same level for a sustained period of time once they stand up all the cabinet heads. We will have regular meetings with the President and supposed to be every month. And so that's a very interesting thing in a rapidly changing environment. But my full-time job is at Blackstone and I'm shoehorning all this other stuff in. And one other thing. I mean you have to recognize Blackstone is a really terrific place. And I'm just like one person. I happened to lead off this call but that's a little illusory. And at every place at the firm, led by Tony, it's really an extraordinary place. And I'm still reading every memo. I'm doing all that stuff. And eventually I'll go back to a more normal life.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate that. I can't wait to see what basketball player you compare the President to. Okay. So I heard the fee related earning guidance, but I'm curious on outlook for fundraising. You mentioned the second best fundraising ever despite having the flagship private equity and real estate funds not in the market. Could we just talk a little bit more on the outlook for fundraising? I know Strategic Partners just closed a new Asia-focused real estate fund, but I guess just looking for a little more color on how big and which  any of the flagship funds coming to market?
Hamilton E. James: Glenn, it's Tony. I think it's a mistake to focus too much on the flagship funds. We have such a diverse pallet of funds right now, all of which are pretty big actually. Plus we have a lot of new initiatives in the pipeline. I think without any new initiatives it would be slightly less than in 2016, but still a very good year for fundraising. But it doesn't take too many of the new initiatives we're looking at to push this up to be a comparable year.
Glenn Schorr: And of the core funds, how do we think about how often they open for new rounds? Like is that -
Hamilton E. James: Generally speaking, if it was a drawdown fund, it's every three years to four years. But, increasingly, we've got funds that are open all the time taking in money every month.
Michael S. Chae: So when you talk about  Glenn, it's Michael  core as in terms of Core+ real estate, that is basically always taking in money, as Tony said. Core private equity operates a little bit more like a classic drawdown fund in terms of episodic fundraising.
Glenn Schorr: The last cleanup one is on core real estate. I think you mentioned in the past that $100 billion potential market. Your growth has been great. Is anything there we  anything there you've seen that would dissuade us from thinking the size of the market isn't as you described in the past?
Hamilton E. James: I think Steve's goals are the same.
Glenn Schorr: All right. Thanks very much.
Hamilton E. James: Thanks, Tony.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Tony just spoke for me.
Hamilton E. James: If we could just  I just want to remind everybody. We've got a pretty full queue. So if we could just on the first round limit it to one question and one follow-on just to make sure we get through everybody, that would be great.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thanks. Good morning. The infrastructure segment could represent a very large profit opportunity for Blackstone and it's a logical extension of some of the teams and products you're managing now. I'm just wondering, are there any plans to raise funds in the infrastructure space and what are you working on there now?
Hamilton E. James: Well, Craig, as you point out, it's a logical target and it's something we've been looking at for a while. And I'm not going to give you any idea of timing. But yes, there are plans to add funds in that space. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Got it. And then just as my follow-up on retail, can you kind of circle back and remind us what you're doing across retail, how the liquid alt product is doing, any new products you've launched there because that's actually a big space you guys can tackle? That would be helpful.
Joan S. Solotar: Sure, Craig I'll take that. So, basically, the distribution systems that we're targeting have investable assets collectively of over $10 trillion. So I would say we're very early in penetrating those. Retail high net worth assets today are about 17% of the total and it's a mix of the liquid perpetual products as well as the drawdown. So if you were to segment it through the major wire houses, we really focus on QPs, qualified purchasers, who could really buy anything although we have daily liquidity product on those platforms as well. We're entering the independent broker-dealer channel which is just as large in assets, but there it's really more accredited investors, and going down to dollar one you'd have a mix that would be less drawdown and more perpetual offerings, if you will. And then we also have family office, et cetera, which is more of an institutional type sale. So I would say the mix partly depends on which funds Blackstone on the drawdown side happens to be offering in that year. But I think you'll see a growing number in the more liquid perpetual fund space as we're entering these new systems and developing more products. And then just finally, I think one of the most interesting things that we do is also weave together different funds that we already have to create bespoke solutions for these different channels. And I think you'll see more of that coming over the next 12 months. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you, Joan.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: One thing I'd say, this is Steve, at the risk of prolonging this answer is that in life you have to have a dream. And one of the dreams is our desire and the market's need to have more access at retail to alternative asset products. As I said in my prepared remarks, if you look at those returns, those are really stunning. And at the moment, a lot of people are not allowed to put those into retirement vehicles and other types. One of the interesting issues when you have a new government is whether they want to continue that type of prohibition or not because what it's doing is denying people sort of a better retirement. And if there is a change in that area, that becomes a huge opportunity for the firm. We already have lots of white space that Joan was talking about. So we're not defective in terms of things to do every day to increase sort of penetration, but there is ability for something to get changed that could be really, really impactful. And we'll see what happens with that. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you, Steve.
Weston Tucker: Operator, next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin P. Ryan: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe just one starting here on taxes. One of your peers had mentioned a 20% corporate tax rate and the 33% personal tax rate as a level that would meet the economics to them essentially a wash for converting to a C corp. And I'm just curious if you guys are looking at I'm sure examining what's happening in D.C. Are you thinking about levels where at least from an economic perspective it would seem to be a wash and just how you're kind of more broadly thinking about that topic right now given all the changes occurring?
Michael S. Chae: Devin, it's Michael. Look, I'd say obviously no proposal has been put on the table around taxes. We're studying it and I think have a good positioning to understand how it will unfold. And we're going to be watch what happens. We'll be open-minded. We're not religious about a structure where you want to basically pursue a structure and have a structure that's in the best interest and maximizes value for our shareholders. So we go into this as students of what will happen and we'll see.
Devin P. Ryan: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. I figured I'd ask. And then with respect to the CLO business, five new CLOs in the quarter, some nice growth there, just curious what's driving that and just the outlook that just seemed a little bit elevated to me?
Michael S. Chae: Well, actually, for GSO, as I mentioned, they've been the leader for almost half a decade. And that volume of I think nine issuances throughout the year and it picked up in the fourth quarter, I think, just reinforces their leadership position both in U.S. and Europe. And so we certainly see  we've had a long-term success record like 20 years almost our team in the CLO area. The returns have been terrific. The performance has been terrific. And it's actually we think been a good market opportunity for the economics of those vehicles. So I think it's really a reinforcement of momentum in that business for us has continued for a long time.
Devin P. Ryan: Great. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael J. Cyprys: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just curious if you could talk a little bit about where you're underwriting new investments today across your business, just in terms of return expectations, exit multiples, exit cap rates, and just how that's evolved over the past few months as the market has gotten a little bit more optimistic on growth and rising rates?
Michael S. Chae: Okay. Well, we don't try to take current short-term markets overweight those in our exit multiples. So we tend to look in all of our businesses what's a normalized kind of exit multiple for a cap rate environment and financing environment for when we exit because we're in the illiquid business. So we make an investment now. We're having to guess what the conditions will be five years from now. And obviously there's always reversion to the mean. So, frankly, it doesn't change much with a quarter's good markets. And in terms of our basic returns, as I said before, they haven't changed much either. We have capital that we invest with the cycle. We won't sort of lower our returns because interest rates are down typically. We make it less active if there's not much to do and make more active when there is a lot to do, but we try to keep our returns pretty stable and deliver to our LPs results consistent with what we've delivered to them in the past across all the funds.
Michael J. Cyprys: Okay. If I could just ask a little follow-up there just on that point, in terms of exit multiples or exit cap rates. Are you baking in any sort of expansion of cap rates or multiples on the back-end upon exit? How are you thinking about that as you're underwriting today?
Michael S. Chae: Well, so with respect to cap rates in real estate, we've always baked in and continue to higher cap rates. And in this world with respect to multiples, we're baking in lower multiples on the private equity side as we have been.
Michael J. Cyprys: Got it. So no change there. Okay. Super. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Question around back to the tax situation, so lots of questions around interest expense deductibility. Wondering if you guys could either as you think about the change here, how would you I guess peg the probability of this making its way into the final sort of proposal. And I guess a broader  I understand there's a lot of moving pieces, but how do you guys think about that impact in the IRRs and the private equity and real estate businesses for you, if that were to happen?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think  and Tony did a really good job with this on our earlier media call  that these proposals really can't be unbundled because the way they are being looked at in the Congress is an integrated approach whether it's order adjustable tax and lack of ability to deduct interest, but you get 100% write-off immediately on capital assets and you also get a much lower tax rate. So if you bake all these things together, net-net, it's a neutral to positive for the way we look at what we've heard would be considered. On the other hand, this is such a monumental set of changes from a tax perspective. And the way we look at the system this would be the biggest tax reform in certainly 75 years, maybe 100 years. So it all fits together and it's meant to fit together, not to just have take one piece out and say, well, this is unfavorable. You have to look at it all which is the way the people are putting the law together, are looking at it. On the other hand, you have to get a law passed and this is not the easiest lift with all these new concepts. And my guess is that you'll get it out of the House because it's got enormous momentum in the house, but then it has to go through the Senate, which is not nearly as up-to-date on what's going to be coming at them and then you have to go to confidence and make it work. So, it's a lot on the table, a lot that has to happen. But if the package, as people describe it, even though it hasn't been introduced, so it's basically backstage whispering, it gets through, then the stuff all really balances out for a firm like ours and may be a net positive depending upon where the corporate tax rate finishes.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. I might just add a couple of color, things for you to think about. For the typical private equity deal, often we get an asset step up, which gives us a higher tax basis, which we depreciate, which allows us actually to have a tax shelter anyway away from the interest for a while, number one. Number two, debt is still cheaper than equity. We're looking at equity returns pre-tax sort of 20%-ish growth. Debt is a lot cheaper than that, so there's still be ability to use your debt to capture that arbitrage. And number three, if some of the things going on are enacted into law, you could argue that other things being equal, interest rate should come down. It should come down because corporations will issue less debt. And yeah, there'll still be the demand on the part of investors for yield securities. And you could also argue that corporate debt will now be taxable at a much lower rate. So, it will be more appealing as an investment class. So, there's a lot of things playing through here that are hard to predict. But, as Steve said, as the way we look at the package of things that are being put on the table, collectively this is probably net beneficial for our portfolio to some degree.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. Thanks for that answer. Quick follow-up for Michael around core+ real estate. I think you mentioned that some of that money becomes eligible for carry in Q4 of 2017. Can you guess  I guess just remind us based on the  I think you said $14 billion in total AUM in that product now, kind of how the stack works over the next couple years? How much becomes eligible for carry? And I think the carry feels almost like recurring because I think it's based on like the absolute yield level on the portfolio.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. Alex, the basic thing to keep in mind is that that carry feature begins on the third anniversary of when the capital was taken in from the investor. So, in the fourth quarter this year, that's when that first group of investors from what will then have been three years ago sort of eligible for that. And so what we'll follow is sort of a rolling thing where as the money has been raised over the last few years it will become eligible for that feature and it will smooth out over time. But it's  as we've talked about in the past, that's a very powerful feature of that fund for us.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. But I want to note. It is very much recurring. A, we don't have to sell the asset. It's done on a marked basis, so it's not as lumpy as the other kinds of DE you think about as just based on the mark. And B, since it's investor by investor and since we're taking investors in each quarter, you'll be getting this every quarter. And as the business matures and as it accumulates, it will become smoother and smoother and smoother. And so you'll expect  we view this as very much recurring income and it will be reflected in our recurring income.
Alexander Blostein: Yep. Make sense. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Katz from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Jack Keeler: Thanks for taking the question. This is Jack Keeler filling in for Bill. Just a quick question on Hedge Fund Solutions. Obviously you've seen strong growth and better returns than peers in the space but many  whether it's funds of funds or hedge funds themselves, there seems to be pressure as well as outflows. Can you just kind of comment on why you think that you're more resilient than they've been and how that might project going forward both for you and the industry at large?
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. Okay, Jack. Well, first of all, we're using our scale to actually lower the fees that we pay to the underlying managers as much as we possibly can. I think we've been actually one of the leaders in that. Our goal of ideally what I'd love to do is have our volume discount because we're so much larger than anyone else in terms of allocating the hedge funds, sufficient to offset all of our fees. And maybe we'll get there. We're getting pretty close actually. I think that this is an asset class which there has been a lot of press about, Michael talked about. You've really got to break it down into different strategies. We're seeing no diminution whatsoever in investor appetite. As Michael said, we're still raising the same amount of money we have in the last few years. And so it's an asset class that will underperform in bull markets because it's hedged. And what investors get is they get less volatility. Less volatility means, of course, protection on the downside, but it also means you don't fully participate on the upside. So you'd expect this product to lag the kind of bull market certainly we've had in the last few months. But a lot of investors look at this market today and say they are pretty fully valued and how do they play equities through the cycle with less risk, how they protect against the downside that may be embedded with sort of the market prices where they are, this looks pretty good to them.
Joan S. Solotar: And if I could just add in terms of BAAM specific positioning, if you are looking to have a hedge fund piece in your portfolio, their performance relative to peers is really quite strong. And as investors have looked to reduce the number of managers not just in hedge funds, but frankly in a lot of asset classes, we continue to be a beneficiary of that. And so they've continued to gain quite a lot of market share.
Jack Keeler: Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
Hamilton E. James: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Carrier from Bank of America. Please proceed.
Michael Roger Carrier: All right. Thanks a lot. Michael, maybe first question, just on the DE outlook. You guys have said in the past that over time you kind of expect a range of maybe $1 to $3 on the distribution side or the DE side. It seems like you gave some guidance on 1Q in things that have closed. FRE looks like it's set to continue to have some momentum, even ex the FX benefit this quarter. And then, I guess, when you think about the net accrued or the seasoned capital, given the outlook there, particularly if the capital markets are favorable, just wanted to get a sense of where are we maybe in this range, that $1 to $3 if the trends continue in your favor?
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Mike. A lot in that question. I can't quite talk you through our whole model as part of this answer. But, look, I think, first of all, the $1 to $3 range that you mentioned, we should put a fine point on that. The low-end of that range is basically anchored on sort of what's the FRE, right, which is under contract typically for a long, long time. And it's not really, I would say, a real world low end of what we think our DE will be in the absence of some period of time which is really, really unusual. So let me just anchor on that. That $1 is meant to be a really positive thing about one component of our DE that really is a great foundation for everything else that comes from it from realizations. I think in terms of how to think about the trajectory and outlook, I talked about how  if you look at the last few years of DE, what was obviously notable about 2016 was while we had pretty good growth realizations, actually even closer in line with 2015, the conversion, particularly in the corporate private equity area, because of the BCP V issue I mentioned, was lower. And I talked about why we think just mathematically in terms of the structure of funds, this is a year where we'll come out of that and that's a good thing. And then in terms of that realization pipeline, we feel good about it, but we'll see what the year brings. So there's good momentum. There's a lot of things you can look at about focusing on our sort of invested capital base and how it's seasoning. Our invested capital base on our drawdown funds has basically tripled in the last six years. And that's obviously  those are the seeds for and the crops for future harvest. Another thing to think about is we're sort of  even though some of these older funds like BCP V and perhaps VI have been the gift that keeps on giving and there is still more to go, there are  for example, the 2011 vintage funds, BCP VI, BREP VII, BEP I, which are really I think coming into their own as well, I think there is something like $33 billion of unrealized value in those funds. I think the average ownership period for that capital is like three years in terms of the unrealized amount. And you know how our business works. Three-year old investments on average are just coming into their own in terms of potential monetization events, IPOs which will set up subsequent years of harvest, et cetera. So, all those things come together and we feel very good about the outlook.
Michael Roger Carrier: Yeah. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, you guys mentioned a lot on the policy changes, whether it's taxes, improving economic growth and what that means for the portfolio of companies. Just in terms of maybe fundraising opportunities with potential changes, like anything stick out? Tony, you've spent a ton of time on the retirement space, and what potentially could change or what the opportunity could be for you guys or for others in the industry?
Hamilton E. James: Well, I think Steve hit on it in his comments. The really big, vast, vast untapped territory is the $27 trillion that's in 401(k)s that we don't sell  we, as an industry, don't sell anything into. So we  and I would say that severely penalizes 401(k) savers because they earn typically 2% to 3% on their money. There isn't a pension fund in America that hasn't earned more than 6% and their targets today are about 7% on average going forward. So you can see the cost, if you will, of forcing investors into short-term daily mark-to-market, daily liquidity, illiquid stuff (54:21). And if we could open up those pools of capital to our kind of investing, I can assure you that retiring Americans will be vastly better off, both short-term and long-term.
Michael Roger Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much. Maybe just to piggyback on that last question. It makes a ton of sense to be able to have longer-dated illiquid products and 401(k)s if restrictions were such that you wouldn't sell them. How do you think you would go about influencing that policy? I mean I guess do you think it's a chance that you can do that with the new administration?
Hamilton E. James: Well, this has been a bit of crusade for me over the last 18 months. And we have a plan that all the details of which may not survive but one of the core premises of that is that people's retirement savings have to work harder for them. And the beauty of that is you're enhancing people's retirement security without taxing anyone higher, without creating new government welfare programs. And that capital, which is available, which is now available to be invested in the economy and things, longer-lived assets like infrastructure, will be good for economic growth as well. So we've obviously spent a lot  or I've spent a lot of time with both Republicans and Democrats on this. And I've got an awful lot of favorable reactions from both sides of the aisle. So I'm hopeful that we can make some progress on this with the new administration. And one of the things that Speaker Ryan has highlighted in his Better Way is that we need to come up with something, a plan, to help Americans' retirement security. As you might know, Speaker Ryan's A Better Way is a very detailed policy prescription, but on this issue he's highlighted the need without the policy. So we're hopeful that we can get in front of him and give him some thoughts that will help address the issue. And certainly investing better is the easiest, cheapest, most painless way to get that done.
Brian Bedell: Okay. That makes sense. And maybe just on the  while we're on the topic of the new administration, maybe, Steve and/or Tony, your view  you've been very patient in the energy arena with some of the changes that are beginning to happen with the new administration. How does this impact your view on energy deployment and I guess while we're at it, deployment outside the U.S. and maybe in the context of global trade?
Hamilton E. James: Well, okay, it's obviously a more favorable environment in the U.S. for energy, exploration and transportation. That should pull costs down in the United States and encourage and barrier down and encourage development. So I think the way we that think this is playing out is you'll have more production although more production probably puts a lid on prices in the United States. So you probably saw it yesterday a spokesman from BP came out and said that we're never going to see $100 oil again because there's a lot more oil out in the world than we thought. And more of it's being produced both from technology advances, regulatory reform like in the United States but also big countries in the Middle East being able to produce and get on the global markets again. And their view is that over time demand tapers down, over a long time demand tapers down due to renewables and whatnot and changes in transportation technology. So that they think that's going to  that demand will mean that we don't have the kind of $100 oil that we had before. I'm not so sure about that myself. I know they're kind of  they've been saying that before. They're kind of a little bit out there on that and most industry observers wouldn't necessarily agree with them. But one thing that we do know is there's a lot of oil in unstable parts of the world and any geopolitical risk can cause a spike at any time. But I think the effects on energy of the new administration are net good for the U.S. energy industry.
Brian Bedell: And then on the deployment opportunities outside the U.S. with the viewpoint of new administration.
Hamilton E. James: Well, we've been deploying capital outside the United States around the world. And I don't think we're looking at a terribly different picture there, frankly.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: It depends what happens with all these changes and if the dollar gets a lot stronger and trade changes a bit to put pressure on individual companies outside the United States and also in individual countries, particularly have dollar borrowings. So there may be interesting valuation changes which can provide opportunities for our firm to buy businesses at different prices, which may end up going through an adjustment period, where if you're in at the right time that could be very interesting. So you have to look at the U.S. and then also non-U.S. as a function of some of these really big macro trends.
Brian Bedell: So you would choose to be a little more patient say in the near-term to intermediate-term to see how this shakes out?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yeah. I don't have an answer for that today.
Brian Bedell: Okay. No worries. Thanks so much for all the color.
Hamilton E. James: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara. Please proceed.
Gerald Edward O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Just a quick one on BCP VI as it sort of transitions into carry or above the preferred threshold. How should we think about the potential for catch-up management fees or performances fees I suppose going forward and the runway around that, I guess, for Michael?
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. I mean it's  sort of this being back into cash carry it's sort of  think about as just stepping back into the shoes of sort of catch-up position we've been in for a while now. And so I think last quarter that stat we used being 64% through the catch-up. This quarter, we're something like 69%. We've talked about half of the LPs being in full carry, about half not. So that basic situation stays the same. There's not a structural change there.
Gerald Edward O'Hara: Okay. Thank you. And can you just remind us the size of Europe V that's coming online I guess April 1, just trying to get a sense about kind of sizing base management fees with now that BCP VII is off holiday and Europe V, I guess, will be also coming off in 2017?
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. Gerry, we've raised about US$7 billion for the fifth Europe fund and about US$5.5 billion or US$6 billion of that will be under fee holiday until April.
Gerald Edward O'Hara: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Shutler from William Blair. Please proceed.
Chris Charles Shutler: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Just one quick one on the topic of new initiatives. You already talked about infrastructure which I know you're not putting a timeline on. But what other business segments should we expect to see some innovation from in the near-term? And is it fair to think the things that you're considering are more FRE-centric? Thanks.
Hamilton E. James: Oh boy, I'd have to inventory that. But I would say let's define it by, A, investment category; B, target markets; C, structure. In target market, we see  that you'll see more from retail investors and some of the new segments that Joan talked about. And many of those will have more permanent capital structures. Some of them are always open but some of them will also be things where we actually don't really redeem. There are other ways investors can get exit  a BDC, for example, is a good example of that where people put in and then ultimately it's floated as a public entity and that keeps as AUM definitely. With respect to new categories, one of the other areas we're looking at is more growth-oriented investing, earlier stage stuff. I think we have some interesting ideas on that. We're not ready to come public with those yet but that's an area that we've been also studying for a couple years now and playing around. And then, just even businesses like our Strategic Products investment which started off with one private equity secondaries business, now has real estate secondaries, there's infrastructure secondaries. It's got a primaries business. It will be looking at emerging managers and some other things. So, in every one of our business, you'll see that kind of innovation and new categories growing, although from your sort of financial model of the firm's standpoint, it will be a while before they get big enough where you're talking about, $7 billion to $10 billion, to where you want to  you need to start changing your models.
Chris Charles Shutler: Okay. Thanks, Tony.
Operator: I would now like to turn over to Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Okay. Great. Thanks, everyone, for your time today. And I look forward to following up after the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2016 Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Now, I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Jasmine. Good morning and welcome to Blackstone's third quarter 2016 conference call. I am joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Multi-Asset Investing as well as External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation of our results, which are available on our website. And we expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control, and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call, and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of our website. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. A quick recap of our results, we reported GAAP net income of $692 million for the quarter and $1.5 billion year-to-date. And year-to-date period was up 20% from the prior year. Economic Net Income, or ENI, grew sharply to $687 million in the third quarter or $0.57 per common unit. Distributable Earnings were $593 million in the quarter or $0.48 per common unit and that equates to a distribution of $0.41. And that will be paid to holders of record as of November 7. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and thank you all for joining our call. Blackstone delivered a compelling set of results in the third quarter with strong Economic Net Income and substantial Distributable Earnings as Weston mentioned, and another quarter of great fundraising success, particularly when compared to outflows for many traditional money managers. In the past 12 months alone, our limited partners, we call them LPs, have entrusted us with nearly $70 billion in new capital which despite $38 billion in realizations brings us to another record for assets under management of $361 billion. We continue to see strong positive growth in every one of our businesses. Blackstone continues to be the solutions provider our limited investors need, perhaps now more than ever in a world of sluggish growth, record low interest rates, high public market valuations, the resulting very low returns for most asset classes. These challenges seem likely to persist for some time which is causing real problems for LPs. Just to cite a few examples for you, the average endowment in the United States for the 12 months ending June 30 lost between 1% and 3% on their portfolio. The best performing major endowment in the United States that I am aware of earned only about 3%. But most lost money. The average public pension fund, I think, is shocking results, basically earned approximately zero for the last year. In this context, what are they to do? How can a pension fund, which has got an actuarial target of 7% to 8% per year that's invested in a mix of mostly public stocks, fixed income and treasuries but which are returning very little ensure that it can honor its future obligations. Blackstone has successfully delivered investment solutions to these LPs over a period of decades and across all market cycles. We've done this by innovating new products, response to changing market dynamics, leveraging, our market leading global platforms where information flows around the firm to better source investments, utilizing our asset management expertise to improve the operations of our investments and drive value creation and keeping a long-term perspective with a business model that can ride out and take advantage of periods of volatility due to the locked in nature of our funds. The result of all of this has been really strong performance. Over the past 5-year, 10-year and 15-year periods, investment in our flagship drawdown funds would have generated a 15% net IRR to our investors, that's after all fees. On a realized-only basis which is how some people report, which largely excludes the impact of tens of billions of dollars of recent investments, there's still seasoning. That IRR becomes approximately 20% net of all fees here at Blackstone. While we obviously can't guarantee future returns, our historic record is quite compelling certainly given the mediocre results that almost all organizations are reporting. In the third quarter specifically, our Corporate Private Equity and Real Estate funds were up 3% to 4%, bringing them to 7% to 9% year-to-date, broadly outperforming global markets with less volatility. In credit, our various strategies were up 6% gross for the quarter and 11% to 17% year-to-date. In our Hedge Fund area, BAAM's composite was up around 3% gross in the quarter with continued low volatility of only about one-third that of the S&P. Our consistent performance at high levels is why our investors keep coming back to us with greater and greater commitments, across more of our funds. We have raised $14.7 billion just in the third quarter. Here is a pretty stunning fact. In the past 10 quarters, we have raised nearly $200 billion, more than the aggregate size of any of our domestic alternative peers. And given the secular forces driving capital into the alternatives, we continue to nicely grow combined with Blackstone's powerful and unique competitive position. I remain quite optimistic in our ability to keep growing with one of the largest, if not the largest, platforms in each vertical area, Private Equity, Real Estate, Hedge Funds and Credit. We are able to accept and responsibly deploy billions of dollars from individual LPs which is a critical capability that few, if any, other firms can offer. Against this challenging investment backdrop which is persistent for several years now, our return targets on new investments remain at least equal to the returns we have delivered in the past. In fact, we have already achieved net returns well into the double digits for our most recent vintage funds including 20% net IRRs for our two most recent global real estate funds, 17% for our 2013 Asia real estate fund, 14% for our 2011 energy fund and 11% for BCP VI. We stick to a religious and rigorous discipline around investing. And we stay away from challenged areas like paying full multiples for public companies unless we have a very specific path towards achieving value creation. That discipline can constrain certain businesses at certain points in the cycle but we have no shot clock in basketball, so to speak. And we don't have to be fully invested until we see things we like. You are not just buying a market if you invest into Blackstone like you do with public securities. Our locked-up funds structures allow us to do nothing at all, while at the same time our flexible global mandates let us shift to where the opportunities are most attractive. On our entrepreneurial mindset, let's just create new products to take advantage of new opportunity sets which translates into greater capital deployment. For example, our three largest new initiatives, real estate core+, tactical opportunities and our strategic partner secondary business, together invested $10 billion in the past 12 months or 30% of Blackstone's total investments. Because we are a long-term business, which is increasingly diverse across products, regions and fund structures, even today in the current environment, we are able to deploy significant dollars into new investments. In Private Equity, we've been very carefully navigating the high-priced environment, largely avoiding auctions where the pricing gets bid up. We focused on un-leveraged, free cash flow yields where our basis is de-risked over time. We looked into buying companies with scope for operational improvements, structured with very limited downside. We've been active recently in energy, as Tony mentioned, in the press call announcing we are closing 10 deals for $2.7 billion equity investment so far this year. We have the benefit of being able to take a long view here as well looking for assets with lots of reserves in the ground and a low breakeven, but are in the development stage and may be cash flow constrained. We typically partner with private companies which don't have the same access to capital as public companies, and we are looking to build businesses, bring the individual acreage parcels, for example, together that can be taken public or that can be attractive to a strategic buyer. Real Estate remains an attractive asset class globally, although there is less distress today. We expect fundamentals to remain solid for the foreseeable future. In most markets, supply remains constrained. Demand for high-quality real estate is strong. Debt levels are not excessive and bank competition is diminished. We've been expecting interest rates to increase for some time and have baked that into our underwriting assumptions for new deals. Historically, when rates have increased, it's generally been reflective of greater economic activity which in that scenario is good for our business. Against this backdrop, we continue to invest large-scale capital at discounts to physical replacement cost. We have meaningful advantages including our global reach, scale and knowledge, our ability to move quickly and decisively, and our best-in-class asset management capabilities. In addition to remaining active in our opportunistic and debt areas, we are seeing great deal flow in our core+ area, which is a bigger and deeper asset class than the opportunistic area. In Credit, we've taken advantage of the market drops this year, particularly in energy and Europe, where we've concentrated our deployment. We focused on debt higher up in the capital structure with sufficient downside protection and attractive yields. Overall, we are finding interesting ways to deploy capital across all of our platforms and only need to do a few deals in each of our areas focusing on those opportunities where we can create value, while we remain quite active on the investment side. At the same time, we have taken advantage of market conditions to sell assets and return capital to our LPs. We have had $13.6 billion of realizations just in the third quarter, bringing us to over $29 billion year-to-date. And our pipeline for sales is strong. There is enormous liquidity around the globe now looking for a home. And so in addition to the many realizations we have already signed up, which will close over the next several months, I am optimistic we will see many more and that would be positive for our Distributable Earnings. Michael will discuss our Distributable Earnings outlook in more detail, but one realization I would like to highlight is our agreement to sell the majority of our remaining stake in Hilton. The sale price reflects three times our original basis and combined with past sales and remaining unrealized value, we have generated a total profit of more than $12 billion, which I think is the largest or second largest private equity profit in history, not just for Blackstone but for the industry. To remind everybody, this was a pre-crisis investment, a so-called peak of the market 2007 leveraged buyout. Our thesis was to take a great group of brands and turn them into a tremendous global business with an outstanding management team focused on accelerating growth. Since our acquisition in 2007, we successfully grew Hilton's global system by 60% and doubled the cash flow of the company. Because of our locked-up capital, even in the depths of the financial crisis, we were able to stick to our plan without the pressures of quarterly earnings targets or investors redeeming at the worst possible time. This is how investing works at Blackstone. And this is how we can help our LPs solve the issues they are facing today. With time on our side, we can create significant outperformance, operationally versus what can be done in the public markets. Despite these capabilities, as Tony mentioned, our stock today is still yielding nearly 8% based on the last 12 months Distributable Earnings or 6.5% based on our distributions. How many large-cap investment grade rated companies have this high a yield? The answer, as you know, is very, very few. If you listed the top 500 largest companies in the world, Blackstone would be in the Top 10 in terms of yield but who needs yield when you can invest at 1% with government bonds? Meanwhile, the S&P is yielding just around 2% today. On this basis alone, Blackstone stock seems like a pretty good investment to me and I obviously own a lot of it and I am happy Blackstone shareholder. Our limited partners, including many of the most sophisticated investors in the world, have selected Blackstone as their partner of choice with the vast majority of them re-upping into successor funds over time. I look forward to the day when the public markets catch up with our limited partners with respect to Blackstone's stock and afford us a premium value the same way our LPs put a premium value on our funds. In the meantime, we continue to focus on what we do best, creating great investment solutions which should ultimately translate to growing distributions for our unit holders. Thanks for joining the call. And now, I will turn things over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Blackstone's third quarter results illustrated continued strong momentum in every one of our business lines with each one reporting both year-over-year and sequential growth in revenue and economic income. Investment performance remains strong across the board and we continue to attract significant new capital driving sustained growth in AUM, again, in every business. ENI rose sharply to $687 million, our best performance in the past six quarters, driven by accelerating performance fees and investment income across the businesses. Indeed, in the third quarter, each of our businesses posted their highest level of performance fee revenue in at least five quarters. Total AUM rose 8% year-over-year to a record $361 billion, driven by nearly $70 billion of inflows over the past 12 months. The diversity and scale of those inflows was impressive between $10 billion and $21 billion in each of our business segments. Total fee earning AUM again rose by double digits, up 11% to a record $268 billion. Fee related earnings rose sequentially to $229 million in the quarter despite the first full quarter impact of the BCP VI step-down triggered in May and in advance of BCP VII commencing full fees in early November. Year-to-date FRE was $675 million, up 8% despite the spin of our advisory businesses on October 1 of last year. Adjusting for the spin, year-to-date fee related earnings were up 21% year-over-year reflecting approximately 230 basis points of underlying FRE margin expansion. Now, I'd like to review briefly the highlights of the results for each of our businesses, starting with Real Estate. Performance remained strong across all Real Estate strategies in the quarter, with the opportunistic funds up 3.7% and core+ up 2.9% with continued healthy operating fundamentals evident in substantially all of our global portfolio, as Steve discussed. We continue to be able to find new investment opportunities at scale even in this environment, with $1.7 billion deployed and another $3.4 billion committed to new deals. There is significant demand globally for income-producing assets, which is sustaining a robust realization pace for our Real Estate business. Third quarter realizations in Real Estate reached $7.3 billion, the second highest quarter ever for that segment, generating $466 million in realized performance fees, which was our third highest quarter ever. This brings Real Estate realizations to $14 billion year-to-date and keeps us on track to approach $20 billion again in 2016, which would be the third year in a row at that level. That is an extraordinary data point. And we are not planning on slowing down with clear visibility on a number of large monetizations over the next 12 months to 18 months. I think it's noteworthy that despite $56 billion of realizations in Real Estate over the past 11 quarters, segment AUM is up nearly 30% over that same period. It's a testament to the dominant platform we've built in this space and our ability to leverage it to build scale new businesses when we see complementary opportunities, such as in the debt and core+ areas, all resulting in a replenishing and indeed growing store value for future harvesting over the long-term. In Credit, GSO had another great quarter with gross returns for the various strategies of over 6% for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, 17% for our Performing Credit strategies cluster and 11% for our Distressed strategies cluster. Performance was driven by continued appreciation of energy investments as well as in distressed debt positions across funds. Global demand for our credit product remains very healthy. GSO reported $5.7 billion of inflows in the quarter, the highest of any of our businesses and $15 billion year-to-date. In the five months since its first closing, GSO has raised $6.5 billion for its next flagship mezzanine fund with expectations to hit its cap imminently. We added over $600 million in separate accounts with large LPs in the quarter, and we raised over $500 million for a new European CLO bringing us to $2.3 billion of global CLO issuance through September and $3.4 billion including two more new issuances this month, making us the largest global CLO issuer for the fourth year in a row. While the deployment environment is currently challenging, GSO has remained quite active investing $2 billion year-to-date with another $1.3 billion committed to deals that should close in the next few months and a strong backlog of deal flow that could result in a robust fourth quarter of new commitments. We earn management fees on GSO's draw-down capital as it is invested, so we will benefit as these pending deals close. In the face of benign general credit market conditions, we are still able to find good opportunities by leveraging our global origination platform and brand, by using our size to be a unique scale solutions provider to companies and by going where the need and value maybe at a given time, for example, in the energy space and in the European direct lending areas. Against the backdrop of the significant structural changes and retrenchment in the global banking system, we expect that we can deploy GSO's dry powder balance of $20 billion attractively in the coming years, driving meaningful upside to our segment earnings over time. In Hedge Fund Solutions, BAAM's composite gross return was up nearly 3% in the quarter, putting 67% of their eligible AUM above the high water mark and resulting in the resumption of positive performance fees. That 67% figure compares to 10% as of the end of the second quarter, so significant progress was obviously made. Demand across the BAAM platform remained quite strong with no abatement in our inflows which were $3.3 billion in the quarter, including October 1 subscriptions and $8.5 billion year-to-date. Our fee earning inflows for the first nine months of 2016 were stable with the same period in 2015. We've won a number of large mandates in our core business, plus are seeing continued consistent gross inflows of over $1 billion per quarter in our Individual Investor Solutions area which has now reached $7.2 billion in AUM, up 28% year-over-year. Overall, year-to-date net inflows, including October 1, were positive $1.7 billion, that compares favorably to moderate net outflows overall for the industry. Our enduring competitive position in the hedge fund area stems from our leading scale and distinctive value proposition for clients where nearly 70% of our assets are in strategies customized for BAAM and/or have a fee discount with the underlying managers. Turning to Private Equity, our Corporate Private Equity funds appreciated 3% in the quarter with strong 5% appreciation or private portfolio, partly offset by flat quarter for our publics. Like Real Estate, our Private Equity business had a strong quarter for realizations, reaching $4.5 billion, primarily through sales of public positions. I would like to spend a moment on our energy activities in Private Equity, as it is quite instructive about our model of buying and selling assets and how we operate. After not investing in any new upstream energy assets in 2015, this quarter, as Steve alluded to, we closed on three upstream deals representing $1.3 billion in aggregate equity capital. Together with a fourth deal closed in the second quarter, we deployed or committed just under $2 billion of capital into four high-quality upstream oil deals where we set the price earlier in the year near the bottom of the market. And indeed, since then there have been multiple handfuls of deals by others in substantially similar acreages, valuing like assets at approximately two times to three times what we paid on a per-acre basis. At the same time, over the past year, we have aggressively pursued sales of many of our contracted power assets in an environment where investors globally have been valuing very highly assets with cash flow certainty and current yield. And so this year, we have agreed to sell five different power assets located across four different continents, North America, Europe, Asia and Africa, for aggregate equity proceeds of $2.4 billion and $1.4 billion of gain. One closed this quarter and the other four sales we expect to close in the next couple of quarters. The broader point here is that private equity environments are not monochromatic. We look for areas of dislocation and patiently position ourselves to strike when the time is right. And even within a single industry, in this case, energy, we can be active buyers of one sub-sector and active sellers in another contemporaneously. As I discussed last quarter, and which you can see in our results today, BCP V sales are not currently converting to Distributable Earnings. This is due to the sequencing of certain sizable realizations this year at lower multiples of invested capital that, given the long hold periods, did not exceed the accumulated preferred return. The fund remained substantially in carry on a total fund basis and we are accruing carry with additional gains. To be quite specific, prior to this year, the cumulative multiple of invested capital, or MOIC, on BCP V realizations was two times. The MOIC on realizations this year has been 1.15 times. But the carrying MOIC on the remaining portfolio is 1.7 times and three quarters of this is in liquid public positions. And so if we sold everything today, we would crystallize and pay out BCP V's entire net accrued performance fee receivables of $306 million. As we said last quarter, this is a timing issue which we expect to be resolved in the next couple of quarters. Moving to the outlook for Distributable Earnings, the outlook, particularly, as we begin to look forward to 2017, is quite positive. First, as I mentioned before, we expect FRE to grow at a strong double-digit percentage next year with one key driver of that growth starting in a couple weeks as the fee holiday on BCP VII ends. In total, we have over $65 billion of management fee eligible AUM that will start earning fees when certain investment periods begin or when capital is invested, which should drive meaningful FRE growth over time. Second, we expect to remain very active from a realization perspective. Besides closing $13.5 billion of sales in the third quarter, we have approximately $8 billion of pending realizations under contract or letter of intent, which will close in the fourth quarter or early 2017. Those realizations are successful deals with good returns, averaging around 2.7 times the original basis. About half of the $8 billion is in Real Estate comprised of Hilton and a diverse set of other assets in the U.S., Europe and Australia. The other half is in Private Equity comprised of energy assets in Asia and Mexico, the previously announced transaction involving Change Healthcare and Hilton. We also have multiple other investments we expect to exit or start the exit process in 2017. We ended the quarter with $17 billion in publics across the firm which we are actively selling down and which traded at values of 2.6 times multiple invested capital in aggregate as of the end of the third quarter. In this context, let me take a minute to provide a little more detail on the Hilton sale because of its magnitude and the impact to DE. We expect the sale to close in the early part of 2017 and generate gross proceeds of $6.5 billion or $4.6 billion after the pro rata pay-down of existing margin debt. In addition to the net performance fees generated, we will benefit from the firm's direct investment, resulting in a total DE per unit impact of approximately $0.27 per unit in early 2017. The sale will also drive BCP V towards resuming cash carry possibly in the first quarter of 2017 by closing out over three quarters of the current preferred return shortfall. Finally, the combination of the Hilton stake sale and the Change Healthcare and power asset sale transactions also scheduled to close early next year, together are expected to drive over $500 million or over $0.40 per unit Distributable Earnings in the early part of 2017. So taken together, our 2017 FRE trajectory and our anticipated 2017 realization pipeline and performance fee momentum, we feel very optimistic about the outlook for strong 2017 from a DE standpoint. A final note in our balance sheet, late last month, we opportunistically tapped the Eurobond market with a 600 million issuance of 10-year notes at a 1% coupon, priced within a couple basis points of the benchmark rates all-time low. This was our second offering in Europe and the capital will serve to help hedge our significant operations there, as well as provide us with additional strategic firepower. Investor response was tremendously positive, reflecting not only today's strong demand for yield, but also the strength and health of our franchise and the power of our business model. Our A+ rating was reaffirmed by both agencies, a testament to our rock solid balance sheet and prospects. We ended the quarter with $3.9 billion cash and treasury position or $1.1 billion in excess of $2.8 billion of total debt with a weighted average maturity of about 14 years. In closing, Blackstone continues to benefit from the expansive diversity of our business line and the durability of our model. We continue to raise a lot as expected. We are selling a lot and although the environment has been more challenging for deployments, we are deploying a substantial amount as well building the basis for future realizations. In a world where pensions and endowments have been struggling to earn adequate returns, we believe Blackstone is one of the few firms that can solve their issues in scale and that will continue to be recognized as the partner of choice. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Weston Tucker: We have a fairly sizable queue here, so if everyone could please, on the first round, limit your question to one question and one follow-up, and then come back into the queue if you have additional follow-ups, that would be great.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Thanks very much. I am curious. I heard your comments on the Real Estate backdrop pipeline, core real estate plus, got it all. I am curious on Blackstone's decision to go the non-traded REIT space in terms of the Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust and mostly, just a question on fee structure of the wrapper that you are going in. I know that goes to the distributor but it seems a little different than everything else you have done in the past.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think we are basically prohibited at this point in the SEC cycle to be talking about that product. So, I would like to respond to you but we can't, so we won't.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. I appreciate that.
Weston Tucker: Sorry, Glenn. We will give you another question for that.
Glenn Schorr: No problem, no problem. The flipside, there has been tons of questions on the traditional asset managers on how they are adapting to DoL world, and it usually relates to some version of you get less assets and you charge less fees and that's in the traditional side. For you guys, do you think about it as we've talked in the past pensions have a large allocation, pensions, endowments, others have large allocations to all wealth management clients don't. Can the DoL world, especially with asset allocation models in place, can that actually accelerate the pickup of your products in the wealth channel and are you actively pursuing that? Obviously, the institutional world is a bigger driver of your flows but just curious how you think about it?
Joan S. Solotar: Yeah, I think it is a great question. And the approach is really to take institutional quality product and make it accessible to where it wasn't previously. And so a lot of this is pulled from the different institutions who one want to increase the individual allocations which are creeping up but still low single digit and they want it from high-quality asset managers. And when you think about our portfolio going from the most liquid to illiquid in alternatives across the asset classes, we are able to work with them and just design the spoke (33:05) product for those channels. So we think it's a huge opportunity actually in very early stage.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah  and a lot of our products will be  our products are being designed and structured to where they will fully qualify for any Department of Labor standards that we have want or anyone could want, number one. And number two, we are finding that if you take the commission-based salesman out of that, there is actually more appetite in some ways for our products. But as you know, commission-based salesman can sometimes like liquidity because they can buy and sell things and there is activity for its own sake. And so we are finding that some of the investment advisers, they are not commission-based but very good retail clients for us.
Glenn Schorr: Joan, do you have to do anything different or just more of it in terms of penetrating that channel and are you  in other words, are you accelerating your efforts there given that opportunity?
Joan S. Solotar: So, we are accelerating the efforts and you do have to do more than just show up. It's a real education process for the advisers and for their clients who again traditionally have not been in this asset class. So it's very much person by person and I think our scale in that sense, hugely benefits us. I mean, what we have put in place just over the last six years, I believe is really unmatched in the alternative industry and we are continuing to move forward.
Michael S. Chae: And I have talked about this before, Glenn. This is not simply just throwing your product out there in these systems and letting it sell itself. If you are going to do this right, you take on a real obligation to these investors to provide them world-class service. So you have to build a real service organization that deals with different kinds of investors in different ways and different products. You also have to educate the intermediaries, the investment advisers, the brokers and so on. They're not going to sell products they are not comfortable with at a fundamental level. So there is a big educational component of this. Then, you have to design products that fit with the different regulatory needs and market appetites all around the world, not just United States. So there is a major product structuring aspect of this. And so if you are going to really do this right, you are building a whole organization and infrastructure. It's not at all casual and have a booth and let someone come and try to sell them a few shares of  or a few bits of private equity. And I think this is one area where our scale and the diversity of our products is a huge advantage, because we can afford to make that investment so that we are a really, really high-quality counterpart for any kind of distribution organization out there to retail investors and essentially no other alternative firm has the scale and breadth of products and quality of products to be able to do that, and just Steve points out, and the brand name.
Glenn Schorr: Great. Thank you.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. There's been a lot of press and announcements about hedge fund redemption and fee cuts. And I wanted to ask around that, from two perspectives. One, do you feel like there is an opportunity there for BAAM to have even more pricing power? And two, have you started to rethink your direct investments in hedge funds as a result of those trends?
Michael S. Chae: I guess, I'll take that one. There's a lot of activity in hedge funds and  but it's not so much like the whole industry is under duress despite what you might read is, there are some big winners. There're some sectors losing but there're some big winners too. And what you're really seeing is you're seeing assets flowing from the sectors that have struggled to or distinguish themselves on returns to the sectors that are actually doing quite well. And I think your pricing power is kind of a function of where you are in that equation. The other thing is, there're certain segments  one of the things that's happened with regulation is that they've impacted liquidity and Steve's talked about this over the years, they've impacted liquidity of credit markets. And so certain kinds of asset classes like, for example, credit funds, don't have liquidity that they used to have. That has implications for fund structures. And so you'll see some people may be taking slightly lower fees but having more locked up capital. And we think net-net for our businesses that's a good trade. But as far as BAAM goes, I don't know that BAAM's getting more pricing power necessarily, but I think the fact that the area is  there's a lot of change going on that's good for BAAM. And it's one of the reasons that they're seeing a lot of net inflows in an industry where there's probably net outflows because again, people want someone who really knows what they're doing, where the winners, where the losers are. And so, I think it's net good for BAAM. I'm not sure it's reflected in pricing power so much as AUM.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: But remember, BAAM is the largest investor in hedge funds and has very substantial ability to have an impact on fees paid. And that's one of the reasons why people like to invest with us because you get a very good economic thing and hedge fund industry's really total redemption is about 3% this year and BAAM is up. So that is not too bad.
Michael S. Chae: So I probably answered the wrong question. If you are talking about BAAM's ability to extract price concessions from managers, then, yeah, obviously that has gone up. I was more talking about BAAM's ability to charge its investors, but...
Patrick Davitt: That's what I was referring to, thanks. And then the direct investments in third-party hedge funds? Are you still kind of comfortable with that strategy despite...?
Michael S. Chae: In the managed  in the GPs  in the managers themselves?
Patrick Davitt: Yes.
Michael S. Chae: Yes, we have a pool of capital. We are very optimistic that will earn very high returns for its investors. But it's a managed pool of capital. We're not doing it on our balance sheet like some other places.
Patrick Davitt: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks. Good morning, everyone. It looks like five larger funds may have just hit their final closes or are pretty close. In core+ and BREP Europe V are two of the larger funds still open in 4Q, excluding the funds that are always open, should we expect a deceleration aggregate fundraising activity as we walk into 2017? And maybe just any other commentary on the fund-raising front would be helpful.
Michael S. Chae: Sure, Craig. Look, we are obviously coming off of an extraordinary 2015 where we raised about $94 billion, LTM we raised $69 billion. This year, I think we said this on some prior calls, year-to-date has been $53 billion and we are working on a really solid year. In terms of the outlook, there's still some significant, in addition to kind of the always-on fund-raise, as you mentioned, significant drawdown funds coming up. We've got next year, possibly a second Asia fund, a third capital solutions vehicle, possibly a third commingled Tac Ops vehicle. So, certainly, the large flagship global private equity and real estate funds were obviously raised in the last couple of years, but there's still chunky drawdown product to come as well as all manner of other products and products under development. And so I think you will see us next year and into 2018 maintaining relative to this year's run rate level, a very healthy level of fund-raising. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Great. Thanks for color, Michael.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, guys. Good morning. I want to go back to your point around the opportunistic raise of $1 billion in Europe, obviously at very attractive rate. The balance sheet continues to have lots of liquidity, so I was wondering if you could spend a couple of minutes on the use of that firepower, as you called it. And also secondary to that, anything we can anticipate from you guys on the share repurchase front. I know that tends to come up every quarter but given the valuation level and Steve's comments, I was wondering if there was any evolving thought process there. Thanks.
Michael S. Chae: Sure, Alex. It's Michael and I'm sure Steve and Tony may want to chime in. Look  and obviously, we have grown to expect this question and we are happy to engage on it. We like the balance sheet strategy. We have committed to, first of all as a general matter, to kind of use  paraphrase a term of art. We have a fortress balance sheet that in all environments, all business conditions, all market conditions will more than ensure that our firm will thrive. Not only thrive but capitalize on moments of dislocation in the greater world. In terms of kind of going on offense and our capital strategy and uses of capital, obviously, we think in general we have very attractive internal uses of capital. First, in terms of organic growth, seeding and investing in our own products, the return on assets has been in the 5 times to 20 times level in terms of what a new product will deliver for a balance sheet investment for the firm over a 10-year basis and we continue to see a great universe of opportunities there. And then as you know, on an inorganic M&A basis, strategic basis, we have been very selective in making investments over our post-IPO history. We've done eight of them and they've been  we've been very selective and they've been very successful. They have generated returns as sort of portfolio investments in the 30% annualized rate of return area and we continue to see in all modesty, we think we are the partner of choice for most people who want to do a deal. And so we see lots of things and we are looking at lots of things. And so  and also moreover, we think we carefully manage our share count dilution to help mitigate or negate the need for repurchase. Since our IPO, we have averaged about 0.7% dilution per year in our unit growth and I think in the last five quarters or six quarters, it has been about 0.4%. And if you actually compare that to many of our peers with so-called share repurchase programs on, I think it's pretty competitive. So that's sort of the framework and we never say never. At some share price or repurchase could become more attractive than other capital uses, but we apply very rigorous lens to analyzing that and that lens is not short-term value creation, but long-term sustainable value creation for our shareholders.
Alexander Blostein: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Hi. Thanks very much. The first question about the retail channel, obviously, you have an extremely compelling case for a lot of your products in the retail channel opposed to DoL. Can you talk about how we can track the progress on this because obviously like you said  I think you said it, it's  the market share is creeping up? But in terms of actually the distribution effort and talking with gatekeepers and getting the product in the channel, having the advisers be educated, maybe if you could just shed some light on what you would characterize as AUM in the retail channel now and then how we would go about tracking that?
Joan S. Solotar: Yeah. So, currently today, it's approximately  well, just through the wire houses alone, we've probably raised about $18 billion and that number continues to grow. It's going to be without going into specific product as Tony said, a real mix of illiquid and liquid product and as we grow into new channels within retail, we will be able to go from the ultra high net worth down to a dollar one investors with appropriate product. I think we can start providing you with more regular information on it in terms of  we do often in our presentations breakout at a firm level, how much is retail versus institutional and so we can continue to do that.
Michael S. Chae: Just to add to Joan's point, Brian, inception to date are cumulative percentage of total capital raised and retail has been about 10%. But in recent years, as we have amped up the effort, it has run at between sort of 15% to 20% of the total for the last three years. So that gives you a sense of the trajectory.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: And that's in an environment where our drawdown funds are all oversubscribed. So, we're turning away retail demand. And inevitably, because historic institutional clients, we are not going to push them out of the nest when they have been with us for several years. So it could have been much bigger than that.
Brian Bedell: Right. And that's another good follow-on question, I suppose, in terms of, is there a product creation capacity to satisfy that retail demand or do you think you will be in that dynamic whereby the supply is a little limited relative to the demand?
Joan S. Solotar: Yeah. I think each of the channels has different appetites and so if you think about the independent broker dealer channel, they are much more focused on liquid product where we are not currently capacity constrained. And so I think over the next several years, you will continue to see us accelerate that and you will see that build out. And with that, again, we can't talk about specific product, but one of the nice elements of it is that you grow by both inflows and asset appreciation, so it's quite steady and you are not in the drawdown structure of giving back capital and having to reacquire it, if you will.
Brian Bedell: Right. Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael J. Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. There has been some concerns on commercial real estate, perhaps too much supply maybe in certain markets, maybe some pressure on rents. Just curious if you could talk about what you are seeing in terms of pressures on certain parts of the market and how Blackstone is positioned around that? And just secondly on that, if rates do rise, how do you see that impacting your portfolio. I know you mentioned that historically when rates rise, economic growth is typically growing. But what about if it's not  that's not necessarily the case and economic growth is consistent with what we are seeing today? What happens in a rising rate environment?
Hamilton E. James: Okay, Mike. So in  the markets now is very healthy. It's in a healthy moment for real estate. We don't think there is a bubble and we don't see the amount of new building that presage is a downturn. But at the same time, economic growth may not be spectacular, but it's steady and population growth chugs along at 0.8% and obsolescence and commercial real estate chugs along at 0.4% and the combination of economic growth, obsolescence population growth and not a lot of new building means that occupancies continue to rise. And when occupancies rise, rents rise. When you get those two things with a basically a fixed cost asset, you get very healthy operating income. So that's the general picture in the United States where we could go around the world if you want, but I assume your question is primarily U.S.-based. Now, there are certain segments and certain markets where the pictures a little different based on the regional thing. In Houston, given what has happened to energy, obviously, office market is a little softer. In high-end residential pretty much all over the world, condos and things like that, the market is soft. Fortunately, we don't do those. And you have, I think, New York City we have got near record building but at the same time, the city is doing very well and the market is in a stable position. As rates rise, obviously, cap rates will sneak up but the drop in rates was not fully passed through on cap rates. In other words, a spread over base rates came up. So as rates rise, some of that will be absorbed we think by a return to more normal spreads. And we are not really in the business of betting on cap rates staying where they are. Usually, we buy something and we expect on exit cap rates to be higher anyway. That's what we underwrite to. So that's our premise and we think that as long as the environment stays healthy, it doesn't have to be hot by any means. It just has to stay healthy the way it is today then rising rates are what we are expecting and we're going to get our returns. And again, we make our money by  particularly in the BREP fund by buying un-stabilized assets where there is value improvement, improving those assets, converting it into core real estate which has a fundamentally different lower cap rate than what we pay and being able to create value that way.
Michael J. Cyprys: Great. Thanks, Tony. And if I could just ask a follow-up for Michael, you quantified the Hilton monetization I think around $0.27 that you get through the (51:56) first quarter of 2017. Just given that you have locked in the sales price here, how should we think about the impact to ENI in the fourth quarter? Do you mark up that position to the sale price? Is there any sort of discount? And then how should we think about the moving pieces around the portion that is the BCP V fund given that is kind of sitting right at the 8% craft? Should we think about a catch-up at around 80% or so or something less?
Michael S. Chae: Good question, Mike. And on the first part, I guess, we will see, you are saving us having to do a lot of individual questions to help you guys  call it, to help you guys with your models. In terms of a markup prior to the deal, we will observe our normal policy where, say, at the end of the fourth quarter we will look at deal certainty and so forth and timing and make a decision. I will say in terms of kind of the quantum of ENI pickup for that state which we are selling at that price, all else equal it would be in the $100 million area in terms of pickup to ENI. As for your question on BCP VI, Mike, was your question in terms of how the Hilton sale will affect the movement? I think I mentioned quickly in my remarks that one of the great benefits of this Hilton stake sale will be  it will substantially close out that preferred return shortfall for BCP V that I mentioned about three quarters of it, and put us in a position to generate cash carry again in that fund in sort of as early as the first quarter.
Michael J. Cyprys: Got it. Okay. And then, I guess, just the question was also around the ENI aspect of that in the fourth quarter if there's any sort of catch-up. Is that coming through? I think you mentioned $100 million areas of that, I guess is reflective of any sort of catch-up that comes through?
Michael S. Chae: The $100 million is kind of across the firm in aggregate.
Michael J. Cyprys: Got it. Super. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Gerald Edward O'Hara: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I think I heard on the call or prepared remarks that roughly 67% or I guess, two thirds of the BAAM segment was now above high water, and I was just curious if we get an update as to where the remaining third was with respect to those hurdles?
Michael S. Chae: Sure, Gerry, 67% at the end of September and  versus 10% at the end of March, which just shows you how quickly these things can move around with a bit of return. One way to think about it is subsequent to the end of third quarter, about a 2% further appreciation in the BAAM composite would take that 67% to about 90%.
Gerald Edward O'Hara: Okay. Helpful. And then just a follow-up, I think earlier this morning, it sort of  a question came up around capacity and expanding into new sectors or asset classes that perhaps Blackstone hadn't been before. I was hoping you might be able to maybe be a little bit more specific or give some sense of what those areas or new product development might entail? Thank you.
Hamilton E. James: Well, I don't think we want to be terribly specific until we've done it for a lot of obvious reasons. But you will be able to look at the big alternative sectors and nowhere we're not and you can assume that we're thinking about all of those. In addition, while our most developed business real estate is heavily present in all regions of the world, plenty of our other businesses are really heavily concentrated still in Western markets, so there's geographic expansion. Then, I think there is  we're working on some interesting applications of technology to drive new products, and I think those would be some interesting products there which will probably be lower fee products per dollar of AUM, but quite profitable because of the cost structures, and could be very, very large in terms of AUM. And then finally, I talked generically about longer duration products that are where you keep the assets and so the AUM compounds and you also get the appreciation of the net asset value as the assets grow in value. So we feel we have plenty of choices without getting too specific about precisely what products went.
Gerald Edward O'Hara: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Michael Roger Carrier: Hi, thanks guys. Just on the Private Equity side, the returns in the quarter was pretty strong despite the public side, not apparent as well. So I just wanted to get some perspective on the private side in terms of the portfolio, trends and probably most specifically, in BCP VI, just given the strength that we saw in the quarter there?
Michael S. Chae: Sure. On the private side, Mike, it was pretty widespread or spread around, so not one single theme. So our energy investments did very well as we alluded to. We have certain assets that are in queue for  to be sold, contracts to be sold and there was some pickup from that as we moved towards closing. And then really, it varied by region. We had assets in Asia that appreciated nicely, assets in the U.S. and assets in Europe, so kind of multiple themes around the world as a general matter, energy and also some assets that are on their way to being sold.
Michael Roger Carrier: Okay. And, Mike, just on the expenses, so they definitely came in better this quarter. I know you guys usually look at it like on a year-to-date basis, but it did drive a decent amount of improvement in the FRE margin. I understand going in next year you have the fees coming on, but just  how should we think about expenses as those fees are coming on and where that will take the FRE margin?
Michael S. Chae: Sure. Look. We had both kind of on actual and an underlying basis adjusting for the spin, good FRE margin pickup as you saw. Given the trajectory we are on in terms of the fee revenue top-line, that will be good for margins next year and if you break it down, one thing that's sort of embedded in that is our non-comp expense declined in terms of year-over-year comparisons, and that was in part, not wholly, but in part because of the spin-off of the advisory business.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. I just want to comment. We try to run  we don't talk much about this because we tend to look at the opportunities of the market and the growth and so on. But we try to run here a very tight ship expense-wise and we try to be very disciplined in holding our comp ratios and finding new ways through technology and consolidation and changing our business model to drive savings. And we are very, very focused on that. It is one of the parts of Blackstone I think we are particularly good at and we never talk about.
Michael Roger Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP. Please proceed.
Devin P. Ryan: Thanks. Good afternoon. Maybe first one here just on the outlook for the CLO business broadly and then with risk retention rules coming later in the year. There had been some press around firms looking at some different structures just to optimize returns there. So I'm not sure if there's anything you can share around any potential changes that you might be thinking about making on this front and then if there is, how we should think about implications on either the economics or whether those might put you in a better position to capitalize on some opportunities in the space?
Michael S. Chae: Sure. I'll start.
Hamilton E. James: Michael is going to start and then I'll chime in.
Michael S. Chae: So, Devin, now, first of all, stepping back, as I mentioned in my remarks, our CLO business is really, really strong. We're basically a global leader. We are the biggest manager, have the most issuances in the last four years or five years. And the performance has been really good. So it's a very good business for us, an important one and we do it in a high quality way. In terms of the risk retention rules and we know there has been some press on this, you won't be surprised to hear that since the rules were promulgated which obviously won't go into effect for another year or so, we assessed it very carefully with all the right advisers and worked through what the right structural design was. And we are very comfortable and we intend to utilize vehicles that are designed to fully comply with both the letter and the spirit of the rules. Period. I think in terms of what it means for the business, our CLO businesses are attractive and perform well. And so as an economic and investment matter for the firm, we obviously, first of all, have ample balance sheet resources going back to the discussion about our uses of attractive use of capital. Ample balance sheet resources to make the investment required to capitalize the vehicles in the future. And moreover, we regard those required investments as quite attractive actually from a firm point of view. And then, I think in terms of our competitive position, we think that, if anything, it will only potentially further our competitive advantage because for much of the CLO competition out there with more narrow access to resources, less scale, this will be a more challenging proposition for them.
Hamilton E. James: I think that's a very complete answer. The only thing I would add is from your standpoint, the added capital that we might put up to drive this business will be small in the great scheme of things.
Devin P. Ryan: Okay, very helpful answers. Thank you. Just a follow-up here, maybe bigger picture and I understand this might be a little bit of a tough one to answer, but just given the comments that you made around LP yield demand, when you think about the pace of AUM growth from here and the various buckets of where that is going to come from, and ultimately what AUM could look like a few years from now, so when you look into the future, do you see the mix shifting to lower-yielding products, I guess, relative to where it is today? And if that is the case, just because maybe there's more demand there, how does that impact the economics on every dollar of AUM?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I'll take a shot at that, because there is no right answer. It's like speculating on the future. I see, Steve (sic) [Devin] (1:02:49), that the alternative class is going to continue growing and the reason is there is safety, there is high return and there is fundamentally no place else to go. And so that's a wonderful position. And we'll be like an army that's moving forward on all fronts. So there will be a variety of different products that will be expanding into two major channels. One is the institutional channel and the other is the retail channel. What's going on in the institutional channel is that limited partners are going to be putting out more and more money, but they are going to be doing it to fewer and fewer general partners. This is a huge trend. I mean, one very large institution just said they wanted to cut from 100 GPs down to 30 GPs. And we are in a unique position and so they basically asked us how much money more or less could they just give us. And that's going to be repeated in a variety of different areas. It's not a breakthrough, it's happening already. And that trend, I think, will accelerate. And there will be a variety of products that can be sold to meet different needs in the institutional channel but in the retail channel, there is a whole range from very high return to much more for us a low return but for retail customers is great return. And so that will be lower margin, but the potential for growth is very, very large. So this is a situation where basically everything is working and everything is going forward. And so we don't think as much as you might expect about exactly what the margin is of each product. We think about what's good for individual customers, and if we can deliver something to them that makes them really happy, then each of those products or verticals will have very substantial growth and it will all come together in some way that's a very happy outcome. I am not really particularly guilty of sloppy thinking but I have learned that it is difficult to know exactly what the future is going to be except whether it's going to be really good or whether it's going to be not so good or whether it's going to be bad. And my view is that we are in a really great series of fundamentals with more and more products into two major markets with the best brand name in the world. We believe in the alternative space. And so we are in the really good zone.
Joan S. Solotar: And just to add on to that...
Hamilton E. James: Let me just  just for your model, let me just make a couple of points. Some of these products that have lower revenue per AUM are not necessarily by any means lower margin because they have inherently lower cost structures. I would say maybe our highest margin business could be BAAM with the lowest revenue per AUM. And Private Equity which could arguably have the highest revenue per AUM is not a particularly high-margin business today. So it's a mistake to equate revenues to margins, number one. Number two, a lot of the additions that Steve is talking about are  we already have the foundation and the infrastructure so we can add a lot of AUM, all incremental revenues and very low incremental cost. So I think this focus on is it going to be lower margin, by which most people mean lower revenue per AUM is misplaced actually. We are in a business that the structure is wonderful. Not only do we have locked-up capital, but with fixed costs and the capabilities we have, incremental revenues are extremely profitable.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: In fact, we operate with great operating leverage. That's another way they talk about it in business school.
Michael S. Chae: In terms of the numbers, when we do our long-term models which we constantly update, the weighted average management fee just has actually been fairly stable in the last handful of years. It's quite stable for the long-term actually.
Devin P. Ryan: Great. Okay. Well, I really appreciate all the perspective and thanks for taking my questions, guys.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks. Devin.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Please proceed.
Christopher Charles Shutler: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Just one quick one. On core+ real estate, I know you hit the three-year point here soon where some of those few of you are going be able to crystallize. I know it is going to start small, but can you just give us some sense of how that could benefit DE in 2017 and 2018?
Michael S. Chae: Chris, we will see management fees immediately. The performance fees are generated usually three years after the LP comes in, so we should start seeing meaningful performance fees in 2018.
Hamilton E. James: And as you know, those performance fees under that structure will be taken on an unrealized basis, not just a realized basis.
Christopher Charles Shutler: Yes. Okay.
Michael S. Chae: We will actually get the cash but without having to sell the assets based on the market, so crystallized similar to our Hedge Fund Solutions business, it will just be in a three-year cycle rather than a one year cycle.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Were you asking for like magnitude of revenue or profit or something out a few years? Was that your question?
Christopher Charles Shutler: Yeah, kind of magnitude of how it could actually impact the Distributable Earnings.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. It will be dependent on the growth of the platform. Today, it's about $13 billion after three years. As you know, it will compound with the NAV, so if we achieve our targeted level of returns, that will continue to grow and we will add assets. But it's tough to know the exact AUM.
Hamilton E. James: Well, we obviously model this. The revenue-generating potential of this program is very large.
Michael S. Chae: Very large.
Hamilton E. James: In terms of crossing the $100 million of annual revenue mark. That is kind of  there is visibility on that. And so we are very excited notwithstanding there are some variables in the rate of growth going forward.
Christopher Charles Shutler: Yeah, understood.
Joan S. Solotar: When you think about assets generally, just reading through a lot of your reports on peer companies, I would say one thing that is quite different is, and you can look all the way back to when we went public, we are not tied to this step function fundraising where we are raising a lot of assets and then we are investing, selling them down where AUM and fee earning AUM drops and then we have to wait a period to raise again. We really have never had that and it's a combination of really scale businesses in these different areas that are on different fundraising cycles and also, the build-up of perpetual assets where you don't actually sell those down and give them back. And that will only continue to increase with the product you mentioned as well as several others and I think that will continue to distinguish the steadiness of our fee earning AUM and earnings generally.
Christopher Charles Shutler: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your time today and please reach out with any questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. You all have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Blackstone Second Quarter 2016 Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks, Jasmine. Good morning and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter 2016 conference call. I'm today joined by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO, who is joining us from Europe; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Multi-Asset Investing as well as External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation illustrating our results, which are available on the website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect results, please see Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you'll find reconciliations in the press release. Also note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported GAAP net income of $463 for the quarter, thats up 32% from the prior year, and GAAP net income attributable to the Blackstone Group of $199 million. Economic net income or ENI rose to $520 million or $0.44 per unit and distributable earnings were $503 million in the second quarter or $0.42 per common unit, which equates to a distribution of $0.36 and that will be paid to holders of record as of August 1. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Weston, and thank you for joining our call. Blackstone delivered strong results in the second quarter with healthy economic net income, substantial distributable earnings, and another quarter of what I expect will be the best fundraising success in the alternative space. Our LPs continued to entrust us with more of their capital to manage in these uncertain markets. And despite strong realization activity, we again grew our assets under management to a record level, reaching $356 billion. We are executing against a macro background characterized by uncertainty, low and slowing growth and an astonishing low interest rates around the world. The 10-year U.S. Treasury recently hit its lowest point ever and one-third of developed nations sovereign debt is trading at negative yields, and I think two-thirds trading below 1%. We've been going through an extraordinarily strange period recently really starting last summer with the scare set up by Chinas currency devaluation. We then experienced the worst start of the year for equities since the great depression and either greater chaos in the debt markets caused by an incorrect read of weakness in China and weakening trends in the U.S. That was followed by a sharp and surprising market rally which left many money managers wrong-footed only to be hit again by Brexit in the last week of the quarter. And today, the S&P has moved back to an all-time high. Go figure, all kinds of odd things are happening that are affecting markets generally and are presenting what we expect could be very interesting investment opportunities. Blackstones fund structure with over 70% of our capital locked up for the life of the fund and a weighted average remaining life of greater than eight years gives us enormous flexibility coupled with our large scale dry powder capital of nearly $100 billion, we are perhaps best positioned of any firm to move quickly when opportunities around the world. Limited Partner investors are seeking better returns and less volatility in this challenging environment. Current very low interest rates globally coupled with high market valuations in many areas means that many LPs simply can't earn satisfactory returns with their current portfolios and are increasingly looking for the types of investment solutions that alternative managers can offer. Blackstone has been and I believe will continue to be one of the greatest beneficiaries of this trend coming off of periods where we've raised $132 billion in the past 18 months. Our global scale then helps us find interesting ways to deploy that capital across all our platforms. In private equity for example we are seeing much higher levels of deal flow, particularly in the energy area. We've also been very active recently, as Tony mentioned, in Europe in real estate and credit. Importantly, we are not passive buyers of any market and only need to do relatively few deals in each of our areas focusing on those unique opportunities where we can create value. This ultimately translates into better performance. Our private equity and real estate funds were up to 2% to 2.5% in the quarter, 4% to 6.5% year-to-date and 8% to 15% annualized since the start of last year, outperforming global markets over all of these periods. In credit, our gross returns were between 7% to 10% for the quarter, outperforming the relevant indices and frankly on an absolute basis really shooting the lights out. In our hedge fund area, BAAMs composite as Tony mentioned were up 1.4% gross in the quarter with roughly one-third the volatility of the market. All of our businesses are effectively navigating this unusual and challenging environment. That fundamental performance which I mentioned has not yet translated into significant appreciation to Blackstones stock which has suffered from shifting investor sentiment, concerns over the macro environment and most recently Brexit as compared to where we were a year ago. The Brexit result has created fallout in markets and politics, most obviously pronounced in the U.K. The immediate adverse impact to public security prices has largely reversed early in the third quarter, although certain currencies like the pound of course have not recovered. In the near-term transaction activity in the U.K. should be slower as decision-makers for businesses remains uncertain and market participants digest the potential impacts of the many different ways that Brexit can evolve. Longer term, Brexit will likely have some modest adverse impact on global GDP. Although it's too early to assess the full extent given unanswered questions like whether the U.K. will retain access to the European single market. Brexit will possibly constrain access to capital in Europe and you're seeing those tremors hitting the banks and will embark the populist antitrade anti-immigration movements across the continent which is not good for the flow of capital and trade. For Blackstone, roughly 4% of our invested assets are in the U.K., primarily in real estate and tactical opportunities areas. We believe this direct exposure is quite manageable although we did adjust the private valuations for certain affected investments to reflect a more cautious outlook, which Michael will discuss in more detail. Our second quarter marks also reflected currency and public stock movement, the latter of which has reversed. I believe this is further illustration of why investors shouldn't put undue reliance on short-term mark to market fluctuations. The referendum had a big impact on risk sentiment and notably on asset management stocks. BS similarly declined from already depressed levels, although weve rebounded a bit. I believe this was overdone given our very manageable exposure to the region and the fundamental underlying strength of our firm. However we've seen many times in the past markets tend to overshoot when there is uncertainty added to the equation. On the positive side, I expect Brexit to create many investment opportunities over time which will well position to assess and pursue. Importantly, since the results of the referendum which seems on the one hand it happened just yesterday and on the other hand feels like it happened long time ago now, but it was only four weeks ago. Blackstone investor committed over $2 billion in the last four weeks to new deals. Several of those were in Europe, including a stake in a Swedish residential business and office complex in Berlin, but most importantly and recently, a logistics portfolio in the U.K. we bought from a property fund seeking liquidity. We also invested in two new oil and gas deals in the U.S., one of which was the first investment in our BCP VII Private Equity Fund and we completed several new deals in tac ops and GSO. We also completed or signed up in the last four weeks $7 billion of realization since Brexit. So if you think the world stopped, you should keep thinking. It hasn't. These sales were mostly in real estate, including several office and hotel assets in the U.S., most of our stake of a public company in Asia and six successful stock sales across private equity and real estate. It's pretty amazing. We also formed a joint venture with our private equity company Change Healthcare with McKesson and received a $6.6 billion debt financing commitment which will result in substantial realization early next year. And also it's been a busy four weeks. We won multiple LP mandates of $1 billion or greater each. That's not an aggregate of $1 billion. Those are several commitments of a $1 billion plus. Our businesses are in terrific shape. 2016 should be a big year for fundraising with $38 billion already raised in the first half. We've generated attractive investment performance and protected and grew our LPs capital and we continue to invest in our people and our businesses and build on our leadership position in every area. We had $16 billion of realizations in the first half despite some delays in weakness in the first quarter in fact, basically the world locked up to the first week of the quarter and almost nothing could be done. I expect 2016 to continue to be a good year for realizations. U.S. and Asia are certainly still wide-open for business. The U.S. in particular is a safe haven in today's world and there is enormous liquidity around the globe looking for a home. As a result, I would expect significant cash flows to U.S. markets as interest rates remain globally depressed. As I said, over 70% of Blackstones invested capital is in the U.S. and so we could see many opportunities for realizations which should also be positive for our distributable earnings. For our unitholders, if you simply ignore realizations and focus solely on our fee-related earnings, we have a clear line of sight towards strong double-digit growth in fee earnings for next year. This alone could generate approximately $1 per unit or more depending upon the timing of certain events, particularly funds being launched. You should know, which I actually didn't, that the S&P is yielding around 2% today. It's incredibly low. And we don't see why our mostly locked up fee earnings shouldn't be capitalized in our stock price at a similar, if not, lower yield to the S&P. You could do the math. A 2% yield, the same as the S&P on $1 off fee-related earnings implies a $50 stock price, not to $26 where we are today. I know this seems hard to believe but it happens to be mathematically true and finance is supposed to have something to do with mathematics. At a 3% yield which is a 50% premium to the S&P for long-term locked in cash income - and I wouldn't understand why you made a premium, it implies the stock price of over $30 and that's giving no consideration to realizations, which have already added $0.40 per unit to distributable earnings in the first half of the year and which have averaged almost $2 per unit in distributable earnings over the past three years. But when you put this all together, I think the math is sort of simple and Blackstone sort of has earnings in two pieces; one, fee earning income, which is highly predictable and which deserves a market multiple at a minimum and that takes you to much, much higher levels than where you are today, as well as our distributions from realizations which always happen and that's our primary business, good investments for our limited partners and that's why they give us so much money. So I'll leave that all to you. Blackstone is the dominant firm and reference institution in the alternative asset management industry. You may be surprised to learn that Blackstone's market cap is roughly the same size as our next five public competitors combined. I'll say that one again because it surprised me a bit. Blackstone's market cap is roughly the same size as our next five public competitors combined, and I hope we can all agree that Blackstone is very much on sale today. I remain confident that this valuation mismatch will correct itself over time but that's up to you, not to me. In the meanwhile we'll continue to focus on what we've always done, creating great investment products and returns for our limited partners. Im really so proud of what all of our colleagues have achieved at Blackstone. I'll thank you for joining the call. I'm going to turn things over to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae. Michael?
Michael Chae: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our results in the second quarter and first half of the year reflect strong execution across all of our businesses despite the volatile market backdrop that Steve discussed. Our funds delivered good returns across the board beating benchmarks. Our economic net income and distributable earnings both rose significantly from the first quarter, and our capital metrics remained strong with healthy realization and investment activity and continued very powerful fundraising trends. Total AUM rose 7% year-over-year to a record $356 billion, driven by $21 billion of inflows in the quarter and $70 billion over the past 12 months. Fee earning AUM rose double-digits by 11% to a record $266 billion, partly driven by the launch of the investment period for BCP VII in early May. That launch triggered a step-down in management fees in BCP VI and the onset of a six-month fee holiday for BCP VII seven which will end in November. BCP VII alone will generate nearly $250 million per year in fee revenues starting next year. Despite the temporary negative impact of the fee holiday, fee-related earnings rose 27% in the second quarter to $226 million. There is some noise in the comparison to last year's second quarter, which included the advisory businesses and a significant one-time expense item, but even adjusting for those, the increase was a robust 16%. ENI was a healthy $520 million in the second quarter, our best performance in the past five quarters. Performance fee has increased from more muted first quarter with good relative returns across businesses. I'll provide more context to returns in a moment but first I'd like to address the impact of Brexit on our financials, which we know you're interested in. There are three components; currency, marks in our private portfolio and movement in our publics. First in terms of currency, only 4% of our invested capital is denominated in British pounds and this represents less than 3% of our total AUM. The exposure is further mitigated in a couple of respects. A meaningful portion of these assets is currency hedged in some form and much of it fits in euro-denominated funds, which helps to mute the impact from a fund performance standpoint as the pound weakened less against the euro than the U.S. dollar. All of this amounted to ENI impact in the quarter from the pound devaluation of less than $50 million across the firm. Second, the mark to market impact to our private investment portfolio outside of currency effects was also around $50 million on an ENI basis. The areas of our private portfolio exposure are discrete and in aggregate quite manageable we believe. 4% of our real estate AUM and 6.5% of its invested capital is UK-based comprised of mix of high quality logistics assets, fully-leased student housing, hotel, and office properties. We marked down our U.K. office portfolio notwithstanding how comfortable we feel with our basis in these assets. This represented the bulk of the total firm-wide private mark to market impact mentioned above, yet its overall financial impact to the firm was small relative to the scale and diversity of the firms asset base. The firms remaining direct equity exposure is primarily in our tactical opportunities business which had several high quality assets in the U.K., while the immediate operational impact from Brexit to these assets appears limited. A subset was marked down modestly to reflect a generally more conservative market outlook. The ENI impact was minimal in the single-digit millions. In corporate private equity, the direct Brexit impact was de minimis as we had sold almost $4 billion of seasoned U.K. assets in 2014 and 2015 at a significant profit substantially exiting our portfolio there. And finally in credit, the impact was also modest. Most of our investments are currency hedged on a principal basis and we have a limited number of investments with operational exposure in the U.K. The third and remaining area of impact to ENI was from the general equity market downdraft in the days after Brexit that impacted our publics. This too constituted less than $50 million of ENI impact. Importantly the aggregate decline in our publics quickly reversed itself in this quarter and then some in the first several weeks of the third quarter. Further to this against the backdrop of this market rebound in the four weeks since Brexit, as Steve mentioned, we've in fact signed or closed over $7 billion of realizations in over 15 transactions across the firm. Now I'd like to review briefly the highlights of the results for each of our businesses. In credit, GSO had an excellent second quarter. Gross returns for the performing credit and stress strategies where plus 10% and plus 7% respectively, marketing a strong rebound following a particularly difficult period in the markets. This was driven in significant part by strong performance in the energy portfolio across the platform and by liquid portfolio gains. GSO had a tremendous fundraising quarter, $7.3 billion of inflows, its second-best fundraising quarter ever. The list is long and interesting. First, we closed on $4.2 billion for a third mezzanine fund in the second quarter in July and expect to hit our hard cap of $6.5 billion based on strong global demand. Second, we quickly raised a new $1 billion vehicle targeting liquid opportunities arising from market location. Thirdly, we priced three CLOs this year totaling $1.7 billion, including largest deals in the U.S. and Europe this year. And fourth, GSO will receive a significant allocation from the capital recently raised by our newly formed Harrington Re reinsurance company in partnership with AXIS Capital, which raised $600 million in largest such offering in the market this year. GSO was also quite active in deploying capital investing or committing $1.7 billion this quarter. The two most significant areas of activity are in Europe including unitranche debt commitment of over 600 million that is the largest to-date in European market and energy for the second quarter marked resumption in activity and enhanced the outflow which continues to pace. In hedge funds solutions, BAAMs composite gross return was up 1.4% in the quarter making up some ground after a challenging first quarter. While much of BAAMs incentive fee eligible AUM fell below its high watermark in the first quarter given the market headwinds, the second quarters positive progress leaves a significant portion of this capital closer to the point of crossing back over. Demand for BAAMs products remained strong, including July 1 subscriptions year-to-date gross inflows were over $6 billion. Net inflows for the same period were over $1.4 billion despite the impact of the expected large redemption in our individual investor solutions area which we discussed last quarter. Excluding that redemption year-to-date net inflows were very strong $2.6 billion. We've also locked in some very large mandates which will come in later this year and are having active discussions or several more, so the outlook for the second half is quite positive from a flow perspective. So the picture here is one of fundamental strength and momentum in the BAAM business, notwithstanding the broader questions about the industry which reached the heightened level in the same quarter. In corporate private equity, our funds appreciated 2.5% in the quarter. We've been carefully navigating a low-growth high-price environment with a disciplined focus that has helped us avoid some of the problem areas in the market over the past few years. With $30 billion of dry powder today in corporate private equity, including our new BCP VII Fund and new core platform, were well positioned to take advantage of dislocation. In the energy space in particular, as we've discussed for several quarters, although we've raised a lot of capital, we chose to keep our powder dry over the last year and wait for the right moment. That patience has paid off, in this quarter we started to really see the opportunity set ripening and have recently committed to deploy about $1.5 billion of equity in several investments and have a strong pipeline. We've remained active on the realizations side in corporate private equity with $3.1 billion sold in the second quarter mostly in BCP V. As you know, BCP V is substantially and carry on a total fund basis and we continue to accrue carry with additional gains. If everything were sold to-date, we crystallize and payout the funds entire current net performance receivable of $373 million. Despite this, some of our recent sales in BCP V had not yet converted into distributable earnings. The reason is that we've recently sold some large investments of lower multiples of invested capital that given the long hold periods did not exceed the accumulated preferred return and we need to make up such deals shortfall with additional realized gains elsewhere before carry can be paid. Simply put, this is a timing issue that arises from the sequencing of investment realizations, and as I highlighted on last quarter's call, this could persist over the next couple of quarters. That said, we've good momentum in realization activity that we expect will drive distributable earnings, particularly from our real estate business. With regard to real estate, our overall performance remains very strong despite some bumpiness in the quarter in public markets and the markdowns on our U.K. office portfolio that I discussed. Our opportunistic funds were up to 2.2% and core plus up 2.1% in the quarter. The overall healthy fundamental operating environment and positive supply demand dynamics in most regions and sub-sectors creates continued opportunities. We deployed our committed $2.6 billion in the quarter, and in the first two weeks of third quarter, weve consummated four new transactions including three in Europe that emanated to different degrees from the post Brexit turmoil. We realized $3.4 billion in the quarter and the global hunt for yield is sustaining demand for the type of real estate we own particularly in the U.S. In addition, we currently have an excess of $4 billion of equity realizations from asset sales under contract at an upbeat outlook for the pipeline of private and public market realization opportunities. I'd like to close my remarks to stay with a bit of longer term perspective for our business to complement and echo what Steve said about our value. The dual drivers of our long-term value as Steve said are of course our fee-related earnings and our performance fees. As Steve said and as I've discussed in the past, we expect a powerful upswing in FRE next year based on capital already raised. And as Steve said, this is recurring dependable high margin cash flow stream mostly generated by management fees from capital locked up contractually for an average of 8.5 years, and as that stream grows, will become an even more visible part of our earnings machine. With respect to our performance fees, the driver of that future value is the capital that is put to work that will season value and eventually be harvested and its important to step back and appreciate the extraordinary position that we are in in that regard. At the end of the quarter, we had $269 billion of performance fee eligible AUM, of which $174 billion was invested, with $121 billion in drawdown funds. That's what I call our value in the ground position. That is approximately triple the amount we had in the ground five years ago. In 2015, we generated around $2.50 per unit in performance fee distributions, over 80% of which was harvested from sales originating from that far smaller value in the ground position from five years ago. If we deliver investment performance even close to what we've done historically with 3x the value in the ground today, we believe that bodes very well for the growth and value of our future performance fees. And while performance fees can be less predictable in the short-term, over longer periods of time we believe they are highly predictable given our track record. While public investors have only been witnessing this dynamic for a relatively short period of time since our IPO, our LPs have seen us do this consistently for 30 years and the fact that these investors continue to entrust us with more and more of their capital to manage is indeed the best endorsement. With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions.
Weston Tucker: Thanks. Jasmine, if you could open up for questions. But before you do, if I could just ask everybody in the line, we have got fairly full queue, so please limit your first calling one question and one follow-on, that would be terrific. Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Good morning everybody. Just want to start off with a backdrop for fee-related earnings. So $60 billion not currently earnings management fees, up quite significantly from the prior quarter. So clearly very large numbers, so I was hoping you guys can run us through the expected timing of how this is going to play into the management fee growth over the next year to year and a half? And then more importantly, I guess, when thinking about the margins they've been range bound on the fee-related earnings for the last couple of years. So, again as we kind of start to think about the growth on the top line, how should the margins progress on the back of it?
Michael Chae: Well, I think taking the second one first, Alex. I think we will see - weve seen obviously low double-digit AUM growth over a long period of time now and we expect that to continue as well as fee earning AUM growth in the high-single-digits to low-double-digits over time. On the margin, fee-related earnings margin basis, there is obviously some noise from time to time in the numbers and you have to adjust for those. But if you step back and look at sort of a longer trajectory over the last five years, we did 36.4% FRE margin in the second quarter. That's exactly what it was for all of 2015, although we kind of got there differently. And if you look over the longer period of time that has grown by 700 basis points over a five-year period. And again while there is occasional ebbs and flows in that trajectory, that trajectory has been on an upward trend and we expect that to continue.
Alex Blostein: Got you. And then just for my follow-up, Steve, if I may just ask you again around the capital return dynamic, it comes up pretty frequently but given the underperformance of the shares obviously with a lot of several months here, just wondered if you guys have given any thought to the buyback because it does tend to come up pretty frequently for you guys?
Steve Schwarzman: Why dont I delegate that one to Tony?
Tony James: Yes, Alex, we looked that again after last quarter frankly and we just feel - we feel a few things that we can earn a huge return on the capital that we have on our balance sheet. It tends to be - we tend to put up a small amount of the fund. Its enabling capital that allows us to raise LP capital. And if you look at the return on that capital that comes from LPs management fees, performance fees, it's compellingly high. And we are in a business where we play out 85% of our earnings. We don't accumulate a lot of cash flow and its double-digit growth, high-single-digit low-double-digit growth as Michael said. We are needing that to feed that capital in and to drive to grow the business. And we continue to conclude that our LPs - our unitholders are better off by us continuing to grow this business and put this capital work with very, very high returns and to buy in shares. And so far as we've analyzed that we think that's the better view. In some point of course if our stock gets - we think the stock is a bargain here and at some point even though we can earn sort of 40%, 50% returns on cap - on incremental capital, we will look at buying our shares, but that - so far we've been more concerned about building a great company, continuing the growth and serving our LPs than trying to manage short-term stock price.
Alex Blostein: Thanks, great.
Weston Tucker: And then Alex, just to follow-up on your first question to some of the dimension of that $60 billion not earning management fees, a big chunk of that is our BCP VII fund, as Michael mentioned. That will flip on in the fourth quarter in November. We've also got a fair amount of dry powder in credit in our new mezzanine fund in real estate that earns as invested and that will be over the next several years. So it's a bit of a mix between capital that we turned on in the next year versus when its invested.
Alex Blostein: Yes, got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Hey Dan, good morning. Dan, you there? Let's take the next question, Jasmine.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning.
Weston Tucker: Good morning, Craig.
Tony James: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: So on fundraising first. It's been a very strong to your capital raising cycle here for Blackstone, and I think the $21 billion in 2Q was probably much better than anyone has forecasting, but I wanted to get your perspective on how aggregate capital raising trends could really trend over the next 12 months just with all the recent fund closings and maybe you can also help us with the largest potential strategy that are either open or could open given the majority of the last fund is now committed or invested?
Tony James: Okay, you want me to start on that. Fundraising for our business is lumpy and when it comes to drawdown funds - when you have a flagship funds, you tend to have a big year and then in tends to slow down a little bit. However as our firms become more diversified, we have more and more funds all the time that are in the market and any one time we might have dozens or more, number one. Number two, we are constantly - I want to emphasize innovation. What really drives this company is innovation and we were constantly having new products and a lot of times that starts off with a separate account with a few big investors to do something different. And once we get that money invested, then we convert it more towards a fun and take it to a broader market. And then third, increasingly we have always open funds and permanent capital vehicles and things that are in the market every quarter and every month and every day. We take in daily capital with a bunch of your product, so our mix - what you're seeing is the business shifting we continue to have the big flagship funds and those hit 15 but the business is shifting towards constant new things and more hours open, so you're seeing that lumpiness level out and that's why you're having surprisingly high fundraisings in the absence of the big global funds. And I'm going to turn it over to Michael to talk specifically about how that plays out a little bit and then in terms of specific funds that we are going to be entering the market, the private placement exemptions require that we not mention them by names so we can that - you can take that offline with some of the investor people.
Weston Tucker: Craig, I'll just briefly put a fine point on what Tony said. If you step back and look at our annual inflow pace, last year we obviously had a monster year $94 billion or so. In the prior three years, 2012, 2013, 2014 when we were definitely smaller firm in terms of product set, we averaged between kind of $47 billion and $60 billion actually in each of those three years and I think over the next year or so, it will probably fall within that range. Weve generally outperformed our kind of prior year forecast on our fundraising because things just happened and we ended as Tony said. And that pipeline is a combination without getting specifics of both I think obvious successor funds to fund you're well aware of, run with numerals three and so forth of different funds are in credit real estate, regional funds et cetera and then also new products, and then as Tony said some of these always on fundraising products like in real estate area. There is no segment of our business that doesn't have multiple new products entering the market.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. And just as my follow-up on fees, parts of the hedge fund industry are adjusting their fee structures but there is actually a few good examples in the office segment were actually you're seeing higher fees and I think in BCP VII, you saw a modest fee increase from Fund VI. So I'm just wondering, can you talk about where the industry is seeing fee pressure and also contrast that to how Blackstones fees are trending because I don't think you've actually seen any sort of negative fee adjustments significantly even in the hedge funds side of your business?
Tony James: Yes, I think your perception is generally right. We are not seeing across the board much in the way of fee pressure at this moment. Of course we've kind of lead the industry with, I think, good fees for our LPs all the way through. We've never have been a fee [indiscernible]. And we've voluntarily led the industry in changing how we treated certain transaction-oriented fees and voluntarily relied more on management fees than those things. But at this point it's pretty stable and even in the hedge fund, and then we have a mix shift going on that overlays against that. So in the hedge fund area, we are adding more high-margin products but in some of the other areas like real estate, BPP for example is somewhat lower fee product and so core private equity and PE. So there are some variations going on in the mix of products by segment, but in general if you look at product-by-product, we are not seeing significant fee pressures.
Weston Tucker: And to Tony's point to put numbers on it, if you do the math which I think you can from public data of management fee rates across the whole platform, i.e., or management fees or base fees over our weighted average fee earning AUM over any period of time. As Tony said, the numbers will tell you over the last year or 2.5 years, it's been very stable so within like one or two basis points across the whole firm over the last couple of years. Now there is different things going on within that the mix shift Tony mentioned but then also in terms of underlying funds - and I think I've mentioned this a couple of quarters ago, if you look at our flagship private equity funds, if you look at our flagship global real estate fund or flagship European fund, the effective management fee rate once you get through the fee holiday but taking that into account, will be higher in those three products than in their predecessor funds.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have Mr. Dan Fannon back with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Can you hear me now?
Weston Tucker: Hey Dan, we can.
Dan Fannon: All right, sorry about that. Can you provide some additional color around BAAM? Obviously the industry headwinds are there but you continue to take inflows, you're adding new clients. Just wondering if you're getting a greater share of the wallet from existing clients or what's coming from the kind of new clients to firm?
Weston Tucker: Well, I think we've been getting greater share from the clients for a long time. I mean the actual step back from the hedge fund industry and look at the hedge fund fund-of-funds industry, that's been in decline for several years, yet our business has been growing rapidly over that period of time. And it's really hard - well, I mean its remarkable job that they've done in that business because to be the industry leader and a dominant industry leader and still grow market share, it's not too easy to find examples of that around the world and they pull that off. They pull that off though by innovation. If all they were was a standard hedge fund fund-of-funds, you wouldn't see this picture, but their ability to create new products and serve our customers in new ways and have those be higher margin products is been remarkable and they've got some really big ideas coming that could add tens of billions. And Im not going to get into what those are. But I think that they may be heading for a growth spurt actually here. So yes, we are taking market share but it's by being creative and it's creating new things. It's not trying to just grab more of the old.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. That's helpful. And then on the $7 billion in sales that you guys have highlighted thus far in the third quarter, I know it's across a multitude of strategies and products, but I guess, can you highlight specifically kind of the end markets and kind of some of the bigger transactions and kind of how we get to think about the flow-through potentially through the distributable earnings?
Weston Tucker: Sure. Michael?
Michael Chae: Sure, Dan. The $7 million which is both realizations we put under contract and actually sold, it's a mix across the firm. The biggest part comes from real estate. And then within that for real estate and private equity, it is a mix of public sales. We've done a bunch actually in the last two or three weeks and also private sales, particularly with respect to real estate but also taking into account for example that change McKesson deal which is quite transformational deal that we signed up that Steve mentioned. So it's really - it's a lot of different deals. And in terms of contribution especially as it relates to real estate, it should be very healthy.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning everyone. In terms of may be going back to the hedge fund solutions. I was just wondering if maybe you can give a little bit more finer point on where you stand with high watermarks, I mean, kind of how far away is kind of the bulk of assets and what would it take to start pushing more of the strategies there into fee generating - incentive generating?
Michael Chae: Sure. Robert, Michael. Much of the dollars under the high watermark vast majority, they werent - they were above the high watermark at the end of the fourth quarter and they went below it in the first quarter because of the industry pressures and paying down 2.9% across the platform. So the numbers are basically that 90% of the incentive fee eligible AUM is below the high watermark, but of that 90% the vast, vast majority again about 90% of it is on average 2.5% below the high watermark. So those are the numbers and they are kind of intuitive when you think about what happened in the first quarter and then what happened in the second quarter, and obviously our team at BAAM feels optimistic about near-term getting back out of that. Now the reality is its investor-by-investor in terms of what the high watermark is but thats the sense of kind of blended average across the platform.
Robert Lee: All right, great. And this maybe a follow-up and sticking with the hedge fund solutions business. So I'm just curious if any of your recent experience may be with fidelity funding being and taking money out of the product pretty rapidly I would think. Any thoughts that maybe the liquid ops part of that business is targeting the high net worth market while maybe a lot of potential assets in the rethinking that given that potential volatility of assets and uncertainty around flows and lower fee points in some cases that it's maybe really still the opportunity you thought it was few years ago or any change in the sentiment around that?
Michael Chae: No. Well, I think we are just as optimistic about as ever. In fact it was the very success of that product that led to the redemption, so let me explain that. Weve originally worked with them for three years of R&D [indiscernible] fidelity, and they got a pretty good deal. We then created a product for which there was a lot of - there was an awful lot of demand elsewhere and frankly better fees and we didn't have infinite capacity in that product, so needless to say we weren't going to continue to grow the low fee form of it and so we've moved our focus on to other investors and that's continued to grow. So the AUM of that business is growing very nicely and I expect to continue to grow very nicely. I mean what a great product for retail investors to be able to get access to what only institutional have been but do it with a lot of liquidity.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Michael Chae: Thanks Rob.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You highlighted energy on the very strong credit performance. Is there anything idiosyncratic within those marks or specific certain positions that drove the very strong performance, or was that really just the shift in spread of the commodity prices?
Tony James: Well, we don't have hundreds of names in that. So yes there is certainly - there are certainly - it is a few big deals which moves it. But at the same time, the shift in perceptions and commodity prices moved everything. So I think the answer is both. We saw some bonds of energy companies that - and I'm not saying we own these companies but if you look in the market, you will see bonds of energy companies that traded out of single-digit prices and now they are back up in the 20s and they are still insolvent companies but what a run. So I think you really have to unpack it name by name. However are all names move together, so I think as I said, the answer is both.
Patrick Davitt: Okay, great. Thats all I got.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. Quickly on Invitation Homes is, A, if you can remind us where its marked at on the books, and more importantly its been this great growth story but Im curious at some point does it transition from growth and acquisition story to just more of a management company? Just a quick comment would be great.
Tony James: Well, we dont do specific marks on specific assets, so I'm not going to get into that. I would say it's been a great investment. We continue to be very optimistic about where home prices are in the cycle. I don't even think we are in mid-cycle yet, so I think there is a - in terms of homebuilding and general activities, prices have come up a lot. As a result, we are still buying some homes but it's harder to buy in the volume that we once did and so it's becoming a more mature investment in terms of rate of growth. But we still think there is potential we had and is it more of a management company? Sure it is, because we got off lot of homes and we want to serve those renters really well. We want to be a great landlord, and we are continuing to try to do that in a flawless way. It's a big global business with lots of lots customers and you never get it perfectively so we're working on that.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Just appreciate that. Just one quickie on the CLO business. You mentioned you did a couple of them already. So a lot of players in the market had slowed down because of some of the risk retention rules but I think there is some workarounds starting to happen or risk retention vehicles potentially. I'm not sure if you are creating something similar but curious for your outlook for your CLO business specifically?
Tony James: Well, I think that it will be market-driven. We need to buy assets at good prices and we need to have liabilities at good prices and we kind of operate - both have to be available. I think that we are a good provider of capital. I think if anything structured products should be harder for the banks and it's opening up more opportunity for us. But it's not just in CLOs but it's also on the mortgage side. And were as, I think, creative as anyone in having risk or capital relief in sort of vehicles.
Michael Chae: On risk retention, as Tony just said, obviously there is Europe and the U.S. In Europe, the rule has in place for - its been in place for longer and we have structures that deal with that nicely, and in the U.S. we think we have our arms around it as well.
Tony James: And the rules are so much different between the two areas, so yes. But anyway, yes, so were working on that along with everyone else.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of William Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
William Katz: Okay, good afternoon everybody. So Im trying to think in prior statements somewhere you had mentioned that it wouldnt be a surprise if there was a pretty sizable shakeout in the hedge fund industry. So Im wondering if you could sort of update your thoughts on that and then how does Blackstone sort of do in that backdrop and where might some of those assets go to?
Michael Chae: Yes, so you can't read headlines and know what was said, so what we are seeing is - I don't think we see a collapse in the hedge fund industry at all. But what we are saying is a lot of turmoil in there but then the turmoil is moving - assets are moving from one form of manager to another form of manager. Frankly we expect to see assets moved from human managers to machine managers. We also expect to see assets moving from high fee managers to lower fee managers or lower fee vehicles, and in some cases as is moving from vehicles with lots of liquidity to assets with less liquidity and all of this is happening at once. But I do think - I think fundamentally when you have an industry which has underperformed the market averages and charges two and 20, there is going to be a lot of fee pressure on a lot of managers, and indeed a 2% manager fee is one thing if you're earning 10% growth, its another think if you're earning 4% growth obviously. So those forces are playing through. As far as we're concerned, we still think hedge funds play a very important role on a portfolio and give investors exposure to all kinds of different markets so they can pick their market and they can mix and match different exposures, commodities, emerging markets, takeovers, negative beta, positive, high beta et cetera, et cetera. And they're very important for portfolio instruction. And we think we are pretty uniquely situated to do that and that we are in a position to use our market cloud to extract better economics from the managers and largely offset our fees. So as a result we are - people getting an awful lot of value from us and it's one of the reasons we are continuing to pick up assets and I think all this turmoil is actually helping us.
William Katz: Okay. Just as a broad follow-up here. As you think about world of slow economic growth, is it still fair to try underwrite 20% returns in private equity real estate as historically been the case, or should we be thinking about something a little bit more realistic?
Tony James: 20% growth in private equity real estate is totally realistic. So we are thinking about something that's realistic, just want to be clear about that. Remember we are not buying the market. We are not buying economies. We are buying typically broken assets or under-managed the assets and then we are taking those assets, managing them better, significantly increasing the earnings of the cash flow and converting them from orphans or weak players into core assets, either core assets with low cap rates in real estate or core assets with high PEs in private equity. And if we can take a dog and create a great company, we'll get a pickup not only in the earnings but the multiples, and in real estate if we are picking a broken asset and creating a core real estate asset, well do the same. So as long as we can keep doing that, it's fine - whether economic growth is 2% or 3%, it makes no difference to us and that's what people worry about when they say it's going to be slower growth. It's that kind of thing. So yes, we can still do very well as long as there are assets in the world or companies in the world that are not perfectly managed.
William Katz: Okay, appreciate the perspective. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Could you talk to some of the strategies behind the new opportunistic credit funding you raised? I think it was about just under $1 billion thats focused on market dislocations. Just any color you could share around the strategy there, the return targets, how big could this be, what sort of geographic regions here or sectors that you find most appealing for this strategy?
Tony James: Sure. One of the areas of greatest dislocation in terms of technical factors is credit. The regulatory changes, the capital pressures on the banks, the weakness of their balance sheets and all those things accumulated to evaporate credit and credit markets - sorry, liquidity in the credit markets as Steve in particular has been commenting on. And that's created a lot of pricing dislocation. Earlier in the year when weve set this up, you could see pricing of credits across the board where youd have to have default rates high year than in the depths of the financial crisis to justify those low prices and why, because there was a sort of risk of mentality, investors were pulling their money and there is no liquidity in the market so the pricing was terrible. So I basically think credit markets in particularly illiquid credit markets are going to be a really, really great place to be going forward, thanks to the regulators and the government that are impairing the banks and the investment banks and the providers of liquidity. So very broadly this is a play on where we are benefiting from regulatory if you arguably overreach. With respect to regions, it's focused on the U.S. and Europe where we have big credit markets with good creditor rule. So if you're a creditor, you want to have good bankruptcy rules, good creditor protections. It's no, were not speculating on sort of quasi equity in some of the emerging markets on some of this. It's developed markets focused and it's across all industries and they can buy everything from distressed to normal performing bonds that are just underpriced.
Michael Cyprys: And any color around the structure of the vehicle drawdown? I would assume how long and what sort of economic for Blackstone?
Tony James: Yes, it's drawdown and it's consistent with economics with all of our other credit vehicles.
Michael Cyprys: Got it. Okay. And then just lastly on Harrington Re insurance transaction, $600 million raised I think it was. Could you shed any light on the strategy there and also the economics for Blackstone?
Tony James: Sure. I love Harrington Re. I personally tried to take the biggest bite that the rules would let me because I think there was some - and I think Steve did too and I think there was some limitations on how much insiders could buy. I mean this is a just - were out of - we got out of registration right. Okay, this isn't great. This is - I love this. So this allows retail investors or institutional, but think about small retail investors to get to full Blackstone products in one set. You don't have to buy go through a lot of brain damage and filling out papers and big minimums and all that to get into all these different funds. So first of all, so you get - you put money up, you get Blackstone returns across the portfolio and diversification which is very steady. Its high return but when you get that kind of diversification, its very steady. We then because we have a reinsurance partner we get to - we invest in the flow from the reinsurance. We get free leverage, so we get the returns on $1.50 for every dollar we put up. The Blackstone returns on a $1.50 for every $1 that we put up. Then those return cumulate tax-free because this is an insurance company so they just keep cumulating, cumulating, cumulating instead of having to pay tax on your interest and your gains and all that. They get - tax free, they get reinvested. Then when we want to exit and so the book value grows. Then we want to exit, we will IPO this thing and we expect to get a premium to book value so then you get a markup on all that cumulated earnings and cumulated tax free and guess what, when you sell its capital gain. It's just a great product. And for us - so that's from the investor standpoint. For Blackstone its permanent capital, we can put it in any fund we want and we have a great reinsurance partner who is a real insurance company that is really wonderful underwriter. We actually hope to make money on the insurance underwriting side of that as well. So obviously I liked the product a lot for both Blackstone and for the investors. It's a win-win like so many products are but it's good for us and it's good for our LPs as well.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Tony James: Thanks Michael.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Hey thanks. Good afternoon. First question here just on retail fundraising. And now that weve had some time to digest the final Department of Labor fiduciary rule and Im sure youve guys have had conversations with your distribution partners to this point. Im just curious if youre expecting any changes to product structures in how you sell through the various brokerages and whether it creates any timing disruption, really just trying to get a sense of feeling around the retail opportunity with some of the changes coming to the industry?
Tony James: Yes, those fiduciary rules are more focused on retirement plans, 401(k)s and things like that. So, so far our distribution has been mostly to high net worth individuals and thats unaffected, although we are increasingly creating products that are in more of a liquid sort of tradable form which will be fine for fiduciary and those can go to smaller investors. We are hopeful that my partner, Joan, will be able to crack open 401(k)s in a big way for alternative someday which would open up huge demand for our products but that's always a way and it has nothing to do with the fiduciary rules. I actually think ultimately those will be helpful.
Joan Solotar: Yes, in a way we are in a great position because we are entering these markets after all of the changes. So we've been able to evaluate everything and structure products that we think will be best in class and provide really terrific returns like our others do on a net basis to investors.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Thats very helpful. Thank you. And then just on the real estate platform and landscape, bank regulators are increasing scrutiny just on the commercial real estate lending standards for the banks. So I'm just curious if your view of shifting at all and the opportunities set in the U.S., meaning does it feel like were getting frothed all there or on the other hand I hear the comments that momentum is strong with dollars coming in to the U.S. Im just trying to get a sense of kind of deployment trajectories versus kind of the monetization backdrop?
Tony James: Well, I think we are in reasonable balance is the answer. There is a pretty good bid for really high-quality stabilized assets because cap rates are low and they are safe assets, so it's a great country with really solid economy and so a lot of investors want to - are happy to park their capital in those assets. On the other hand, we are not seeing any signs of - in general, of overbuilding, the kind of frothiness that are precursors to the collapsed real estate values. So some sectors are a little more active building than others. There is more building in multifamily for example than in terms of where it feels like you are in cycle than in single family homes. It's just looking at residential. So you have to kind of unpack the things. There is great demand for office space in Northern California with the tech boom and less so in suburban office space in some central parts of the country. But across the board, we are still seeing good opportunities to put money out as well. And I would say though that five years ago we were able to buy things at 40%, 50% discounts to physical replacement costs. Were still buying things at discounts to physical replacement costs but the discounts have narrowed a lot. However as long as are buying at discounts to replacement costs, there is not going to be a lot of new building that crushes us, right, and we feel very good about the new stuff were buying.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. Thats great color. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Mike Carrier: Hi, thanks a lot. First question just on DE and part of the quarter and then just the outlook. So in the quarter just on fee-related earnings, it seems like in the private equity business, there was no step-down on the fees. Just wanted to find out the timing of that, and I understand the outlook in terms of the ramp in FRE in 17. And then on the realizations, Mike, I think you mentioned that even though there was $9 billion, some of the nuances there in terms of why we didn't see big realized performance fees, was they are coming out with BCP V. Just want to make sure that was the bulk of the reasoning. And then when we think about the rest of the portfolio, are there any other nuances like co-investments or anything else that could not flow-through the DE unlike we typically expect?
Michael Chae: Sure Mike. On the FRE question, there was a step-down in BCP VI in the quarter and at the same time that BCP VII went up with fee holidays, so that's why you will see for a couple of quarters sort of a trough period for corporate PE, FRE and before as we talked about in this call, it really takes off. On the realization sort of DE conversion issue, its - I think we've actually covered the two points here. The first is the BCP V issue that I addressed pretty specifically in my remarks and then the other is much less in effect but the question was asked around for example the BAAM high watermark in that from an incentive fee collection standpoint on that effect DE in the near-term. So it's really those two things.
Weston Tucker: And then hey Mike, just to follow-up on the first part, the reason you can see the sequential decline in base manager fees in private equity is, as Michael said earlier, you have a lot of new products coming on, so SP [ph], on tac ops, some of these other businesses that are growing that the recording segment includes is why the sequential management fees look like there wasnt a step down.
Mike Carrier: Got it.
Tony James: Yes, and then I think there is a point there that everyone should remember and we present our business in four segments but we are in a lot more than four businesses and they all have to - we have great products in 15 or 16 different businesses led by fantastic discrete teams and the breadth diversity and strength of our business is much more than appears if you just look at four silos [ph].
Mike Carrier: Okay, it's helpful. And then just quick follow-up. When we look at the returns in the quarter given all the volatility things however relatively well, you guys mentioned how much money that's in the ground that you can generate, or is that like carry generating eligible on, but obviously there is a lot of macro factors, Brexit, that are weighing on investors minds. So just wanted to see if you could give an update on like portfolio company trends across private equity and real estate just to see how things are trending for the outlook for returns?
Tony James: Yes. Okay, well, in general our portfolio companies in private equity are growing in the low-single-digits. That has come down and we've had these conversations every quarter for last five or six quarters, thats generally - it's kind of been - the rate of growth has slowed each quarter over that period of time I would say as the recovery in the economy gets a little long in the tooth. But it's still however succeeding the S&P 500 growth of earnings a lot. In real estate, the both occupancies are going up and rents are going up so - and that's generally across the world and across asset classes, so I would - and I haven't seen any diminution of that, so I think those trends are continuing to be wind at our back.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Please proceed.
Chris Shutler: Hi guys. Good morning. In the hedge fund business with some of the new commitments that you talked about having recently closed or in the pipeline, what kind of return expectations to those investors generally have for the hedge funds segment? Thanks.
Tony James: Well, again you have to break that down by products and I assume you're basically asking - I will assume that you are basically asking about our core hedge fund fund-of-funds [ph] product.
Chris Shutler: Yes.
Tony James: And in that I think they are hoping to get near S&P returns with about a quarter or third of the volatility.
Chris Shutler: Okay, got it. And then maybe just a follow-up on the EBITDA growth question a second ago for corporate PE. I mean that's been in the low-to-mid-single digit now for the last couple of quarters. I mean if the EBITDA growth numbers remain, I guess, somewhat muted here. I mean, can you still achieve 2x MOIC. I mean would it just take longer mathematically, let's say it does, but any thoughts there?
Michael Chae: As I mentioned before, we are expecting to get the same returns in private equity that weve earned historically. So I'm very comfortable with that. One of the things about - I think I gave you the low-to-mid-single digits but we are doing more and more things in private equity that are not just buyouts of traditional mature companies that are traded publicly. If you look at where our money is going, there is a lot more buildups where we take a small company and great management team and assemble a national champion. There is a lot more investment in like oil and gas exploration. There is a lot more dream filled building of infrastructure like assets around the world and all those things are not in the EBITDA growth rate because they are not mature sort of companies where you measure it that way. And those things are where most of our money is going and they are offering extremely attractive returns.
Chris Shutler: Okay. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just a follow-on to that actually in terms of deployment. It sounds like you're getting more innovative in trying to find opportunities. Maybe just to talk a little bit about some of the entry multiples in the U.S. with the market being relatively high year in a safe haven and maybe you contrast that with what you are thinking about the European opportunity given Brexit and NPLs there and also the energy cycle in terms of sort of timing of opportunities there?
Tony James: Okay, well in the U.S. - and you folks from private equity I assume - entry multiples are definitely higher but I have several caveats. The availability - the cost of debt is also definitely lower. The availability of leverage is quite attractive, so the quantum of debt is higher. And we've shifted our focus towards companies that have, I would say, you'd ordinarily pay more because they are businesses with greater organic growth and ideally ones with where capital expenditures is low percent or other capital needs that drive that growth are low percentages of the free cash flow. So if we look at the unlevered returns we have, we're getting the same that we always did but there is mix shift and we react to market conditions and we try to anticipate and be ahead of it and be clever about that. But that plus what I mentioned in the last question, Chris, was - is really why were still able - we think able to deliver really attractive returns in private equity. As we move to Europe, Europe has been a market that whether it's relatively less available in private equity - there has been relative less available. We've been, I think pretty public about concerns about the long-term growth rate relative to the Eurozone, structural integrity of the Eurozone, strength in the banking system in the Eurozone, the refugee crisis and so on and so forth, so a lot of issues in Europe that the U.S. doesnt face. Yet prices in Europe have been not lower to reflect those added challenges. And so that's made Europe a harder place to put a lot of money for us, but we are still looking a lot of things. I think Brexit actually to the extent it makes people step back and knock some equity values down, will enhance our opportunity to Europe. Europe has been tough for a while. And then in energy, not sure what exactly you're interested in there but I think it's important to remember that we've been big energy investor for a long time. This is not new. We are on our second dedicated fund but even before our first dedicated fund we have a lot of energy which is why we went out and raised the dedicated energy fund just so we didn't over concentrated in that. And that energy fund is both a global fund and - but that's things like oil and gas in the upstream, but it also buys power plants and builds renewable assets. So usually in energy what's bad for one in that spectrum can be good for another. And I think so what you need to keep in mind is as oil and gas make it soft, maybe that means that the buyers of oil and gas have some real interesting opportunities. So we play the full spectrum and right now we've got just a ton of opportunities there.
Brian Bedell: Thank you. That's great color. And maybe just one last one either for you or Steve. As pension plans, you think about allocations going forward and we have lower yields that could theoretically lower discount ratings and raise liabilities and weve got full equity markets and low rates for the fixed income side, so LDI strategies could even be perceived as less attractive. Obviously you would think alternative strategies, particularly private equity and long-dated would be much more in demand. What are you hearing from pension plans and investing more in alternatives? And then with the fundraising being so strong and being largely oversubscribed, how can you meet the demand for that in terms of investable opportunities?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I think I'll take that one. Its Steve. On the pension funds, we've been having sort of a pretty remarkable run in terms of raising money and it's one testament to the firm in breadth and excellence of performance. And on the second factors affect that these institutions typically are not hitting their assumptions, actuarial based assumptions and they need to do that. And your assessment in my view in anyway of the way the world lays out is correct. And as we talk with our clients and new clients, they really need to find a way to make things work. And so we are finding a broader range of people who want to invest more and more money in the alternative space and our existing clients tend to be stepping up their size significantly with managers that really like and trust and I think maybe everybody on a call says something like if its their call that you're a place of choice for those, but I think the numbers that we've put up over years show that that is indeed the case and I don't expect that to change certainly in the short-term because there is still enormous pressure to keep global interest rates low, in fact that's accelerated after Brexit, my goodness if two-thirds of the GDP is sort of 1% or lower for the 10-year, that's a really stunning. I mean how do you get that kind of really good performance and we create that for them. So I think that that will continue, and as to what we do with the overage, some of it goes to our competitors, actually good for them but we don't look it like that. We keep inventing new things because what we are trying to do is give investors the highest possible returns with the least risk and we've been very successful at that, and so we just go off on our way and come up with new things. As Tony mentioned each of our big business areas have sort of as part of their strategic plan products we'd like to introduce, there is only so much you can do without straining your people because we have to continue the keep doing great stuff from what we promised. So but that's the virtue of circle for us right now and I don't see what's going to change it other than radically higher dramatically - I shouldnt use radically - dramatically higher interest rates and getting excited about 25 basis point moves or 50 basis point move as being dramatic. It's only - its sort of like the, what do they say in the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king, it seemed as big but it's - in the context of the world it's not really going to affect the economy very much. It will bang markets around a little bit but I think there is a really good headway here for the firm.
Tony James: And let me just say, I don't think this certainly low interest rates and by the way our perception that the equity market going forward is not going to do much better than 5% or 6% is helping lately, but no institution, no pension fund out there could earn its return like historically either without a big slug of alternatives. And so this is not new and it's not temporary and it's not a function of today's market conditions. If you go back and look at institutional investors, their highest return asset classes always are alternatives for every holding period you can think of and as a result, those institutions that made a larger commitment to alternatives have higher historical returns and one of the really - one of the ironies about the global financial crisis thats good for us is when that everything collapsed, the perception was, well, alternatives are riskier, you are really going to take pain. Now, well guess what? They actually held their values better than public markets, get more equity other than - by that I mean not government bonds obviously it's like quality there but people saw wow. Alternatives really held their value in that, so there is growing perception of maybe they are not that risky after all and they are certainly uncorrelated. And so I don't think the interest in alternatives and the move to alternatives is a temporary thing driven by today's market conditions. It's been going on a long time. The people that move first and move more have done better both in terms of consistency of returns and how high the returns are and I think it's going to keep on going.
Brian Bedell: And thats great perspective. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Eric Berg: Thanks for fitting me in. I have been struck by how many investors continue to believe even though youve addressed this topic time and again that the decline in rates and the extremely low rates have helped returns to your LPs in ways that are simply not repeatable. In other words, these investors understand the quality of your people and your business model. They get all of that, but they are concerned that if rates rise from here, you just won't be able to do as well to your LPs as youve done in the past. So my question is, you keep saying it's not true. They are worried about it. What is your latest thinking about what would happen over the long run to the return that you would deliver in say real estate and private equity if we went to a more normal rate environment? Thanks.
Steve Schwarzman: Well, was that - doesnt some of that - doesnt that some of that have to do with why rates are going up. If youve got an overheated economy, our types of investing tends to do very well in that. If you have high levels of inflation, thats sort of made for the real estate business and it creates very interesting returns on a nominal basis and we've lived in this industry which Ive been hanging around since the early 80s when it started and I think Tony did like five years later something like that and we made good money.
Tony James: Five years before Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Really? I can realize you were that old. But the - you can do well or do poorly in a lot of different environments and were not a bond fund per se of the firm where rates go down and you make accidental money. We are trying to create value wherever we go and sometimes you fix your interest rate so that if you sense things are going up in a way that isn't going to benefit you, you limit your cost. So Im not trying to be adversarial about it but I think it's much more nuanced sort of approach. Tony I cut you off for a sec, so I apologize.
Tony James: No, I was just going to say usually what we find is when rates go up its in the, I guess, the backdrop of economic strength. So it's probably - if we kind of bump along with a really anemic economic, rates probably stay low a long time. If they go up to what you're talking about, then it's probably a pretty strong economy and that's going to be good for us across the board first of all. So secondly in terms of putting new money out, it will just be easier. I mean, a rising tide lifts all boats and you hear about zero interest rates being financial repression. So as the financial repression goes away and the new money will I think have an easier time earning returns. Now your existing assets to the extent their interest-rate sensitive could be hurting that if you're holding them at the long duration. And so what we've done like for example in our credit business, we don't have a lot of long duration fixed-rate assets. We are short duration. We got a lot of cash. There are lot of transformational stories. They are restructurings. There are recapitalizations. There are things that are not going to be particularly straight driven. In real estate, as Steve mentioned, if you get inflation you're going to get rent growth, you're going to get so on and so forth. That should be okay in our mortgage REIT, everything we have in that mortgage REIT everything is floating rate. So actually interest rates higher interest, there are right a pass-through that are good. And private equity I think again if - we might pay a little bit more for debt but again strong economic background has got to be helpful. So no matter where I look in the business, I think it generally becomes easier and better for us.
Eric Berg: Thank you.
Tony James: Thanks Eric.
Operator: And at this time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Weston Tucker for closing remarks.
Weston Tucker: Great. Thanks everybody for joining us this morning and looking forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. So you all have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Blackstone First Quarter 2016 Investor Conference Call. My name is Frances and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, to Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Weston M. Tucker: Great. Thanks, Frances. So, good morning and welcome to Blackstone's first quarter 2016 conference call. I'm today joined by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Head of Multi-Asset Investing and External Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation illustrating our results, which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K report. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on this call and you'll reconciliations in the press release. Also, note that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any Blackstone funds. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone, may not be duplicated without consent. So, a quick recap of our results. We reported Economic Net Income or ENI of $0.31 per unit for the first quarter that was down from the prior year period, which was a record quarter, due to a lower rate of appreciation in the funds, although still mostly positive, despite the more difficult market environment. Distributable Earnings were $388 million in the first quarter or $0.33 per common unit for a $0.28 per unit distribution. That will be paid to holders of record as of May 2. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Good morning and thanks, Weston. And thank you all for joining our call. The first quarter was a roller-coaster for equity and debt markets. The S&P was down 11% only six weeks into the year, with many individual stocks down more than that, making the worst start to the year for equities since the Great Depression. In fact, if it would have kept going at that rate after a year, there would have been no S&P Index left. The S&P then snapped back in March to finish the quarter basically flat. The global, European and Asian equity indices all ended the quarter in negative territory with some markets down as much as 15%. Developments in this debt market were even more extreme with high-yield spreads gapping out to over 900 basis points in early February, the highest since 2009, with a dramatic decline in liquidity. Even in volatile times, in fact, especially so, limited partner investors are seeking the types of returns we can offer with our products which help drive our AUM up over 11% to a record $344 billion at the end of the quarter. But we are not immune to market movements in terms of marks to the portfolio. Our largely locked in capital and our ability to affect change gives us tangible advantages and ultimate fund performance. We are patient investors, both in terms of when we decide to invest and when we exit. The market tantrum in the first part of the year resulted in lots of dislocation, some of which has normalized, some of which has not. For example, many hedge funds were caught wrong footed in a classic short squeeze when the markets rebounded in March. Segments of the debt market still remain under considerable pressure. Investment sentiment is fragile and characterized by significant caution around choppy economic data, negative rates, political rhetoric and other factors. How can investors generate sustained positive returns against this type of turbulence? The answer is many can't, at least in the traditional areas of money management. We're increasingly looking to the alternative area as a result. If you had been invested in the typical portfolio, mostly equities and fixed incomes, you would have made basically no money so far this year as well as all of last year. Most pension funds is one example, obviously, can't reach their actuarial targets of 7% to 8% at the rates of return we've seen in the public markets and that's not even addressing the issue of volatility. We believe the solution to these issues is to allocate more capital to alternative managers like Blackstone and, in fact, that's what the world is doing. While the equity markets were flat to down in the first quarter, as I described, our funds mostly saw appreciation with exceptions in our Liquid-Hedge Fund Solutions platform and our distressed credit vehicles, which were down about 3% gross, which I'll discuss in a moment. Our Corporate Private Equity and Real Estate opportunistic funds appreciated about 2% in the first quarter and between 8% and 12% on an annualized basis since the beginning of last year, well ahead of the flat-to-negative performance of almost every major equity index over the same timeframe. That's pretty remarkable. Our job in Private Equity and Real Estate is to actively build great companies, not to invest passively in the market and we'll continue to see the fruits of that labor. Despite predictions that earnings for S&P companies will be down nearly 10% in the first quarter, the worst performance since the crisis, our private equity companies grew revenue and EBITDA by 2.5% and 6.4% year-over-year, respectively. Now, imagine, if the S&P is down 10% and our companies have grown their profits 6.4% what the ultimate rate of return will be for Private Equity-type investments compared to liquid securities. In Real Estate, our properties continue to report healthy fundamentals across the board. In our liquid funds such as BAAM, returns are more likely to be impacted by public market dynamics in any given quarter. In the case of first quarter, in which BAAM was down about the same as the broader hedge fund industry, net inflows remained strong at $1.4 billion, even including the impact of the large redemption in one individual investor solutions area, what we call our mutual fund-compliant products, which Michael will talk about a bit later. Over time, BAAM has outperformed the broader market with much less volatility, which represents a compelling value proposition to our LPs. Since the beginning of last year, BAAM has reported over $6 billion in net inflows, which we estimate is greater than 10% of all capital inflows in what was a $3 trillion hedge fund industry, which is now starting to shrink. Our Credit business, similarly, has been navigating a particularly challenging market environment and our distressed oriented vehicles such as our rescue fund and our liquid hedge fund saw further mark-to-market declines in the quarter. These marks were concentrated in our energy-related holdings, which obviously enduring a very difficult backdrop. On the other hand, you're seeing energy prices rebound significantly by the end of the quarter. On the flip side, a new distress cycle is clearly underway in the energy credit area and other needs for credit which create significant opportunities for our business. I believe GSO is going into a period that's extremely positive for them where they will be able to expand their business, given the lack of liquidity, and change governmental regulations that are going to affect that part of the market, creates a unique opportunity for GSO. Overall, we continue to see strong inflows across all of our businesses because investors are hungry for good return and that is why most of them, from the largest pool of capital in the world to retail and everything in between are looking for greater exposure to alternatives. Blackstone is viewed as a safe pair of hands, really the gold standard in the alternative space. We are a trusted partner in every area, Private Equity, Real Estate Equity and Debt, Credit, Hedge Fund Solutions, Secondaries, Tactical Opportunities, and more. That's where our limited partners entrusted us with $17 billion of capital in the first quarter alone and over $100 billion since the beginning of last year. And let's not forget the fact that about 30% of global economy is now at almost zero interest rates or negative. In this kind of environment, the ability to generate high rates of return becomes a necessity for these pools of capital and Blackstone is a very logical answer for these needs. And we have the trust and support of our limited partners to launch new businesses of significant scale. We approach building new businesses with the same analytical process, oriented rigor that we approach investing, and we've been doing it since the firm was founded. And only when we couldn't deliver something exceptional to our LPs is when we go forward to something new. And that's why our new initiatives have been so successful while many other firms struggle to expand outside their original business. A hallmark of Blackstone from our inception is the ability to take some of our best people and put them on new opportunities and build those to scale businesses to the benefit of our public investors, as well as most importantly, our limited partners. A few examples. Tactical Opportunities, which is now over $15 billion, is in the final stages of raising its second vintage fund which is around $7 billion and have this new capital that's already been invested and committed. It's a very vigorous area with lot of interesting opportunities. Similarly, Real Estate core+ is now $12 billion in only about two years with terrific returns so far and I have extremely ambitious objectives for this area which is actually about 4 times the size of the opportunity funds that's set as an industry. I think we can make major increases in the amount of money that we're managing in this area with great returns. Our secondaries business, Strategic Partners, now manages nearly $16 billion with over $10 billion of products in the market just this year. That compares to a $2 billion flagship fund at the time we acquired them in 2013. This is astonishing increase in that business with, again, with great returns. Our Core Private Equity business has launched as a new concept with $700 million of commitments in the quarter, which we expect will reach $5 billion in the next month alone. And BAAM's individual investor solutions area, despite the redemption I mentioned, has grown to nearly $7 billion, more than double where we were at the start of last year, with strong demand for its low volatility liquid exposure. The forward pipeline for fund-raising remains very healthy, driven by the secular trends I've discussed and most importantly, Blackstone's strong competitive position. We're raising so much capital from our LPs because we're simultaneously able to find attractive opportunities to deploy it. Our diversification, global presence and ability to use our intellectual capital across asset classes allows us to quickly move on pockets of dislocation when they develop pretty much anywhere in the world, and we've been seeing a lot of dislocation recently, particularly in the Credit area. In the first quarter, as Tony mentioned on the press call, we invested $7 billion, which brings us to a record $34 billion that we've invested in the past 12 months. Surprisingly, probably to you but not to us, nearly 40% of this amount was from our three largest new areas  core+, Strategic Partners, and Tactical Opportunities  which should give you a sense of how meaningful our ability to launch and scale new products can be for LPs and shareholders alike. I don't believe there's anyone else in the alternative area who can do anything vaguely of this type. Our significant pace of investments is setting us up to the basis for future realizations, which are always good things to have. In our largest businesses, we're generally looking to return $2 to our limited partners for each $1 they give us. Over the past five years, we've deployed an average of $22 billion per year from our drawdown funds alone, which if we do our jobs successfully, which I believe we will, will result in substantially larger realizations even compared to the last few years which were quite strong. And that translates to greater cash distributions for our shareholders. We paid out $2.12 per unit over the past 12 months which equates to a current yield of 7.2%, one of the highest of any large company in the world. Although we can and do take marks in our funds in any given quarter based on the broader market dynamics, over time, we've shown that we've consistently achieved long-term outperformance versus all relevant benchmarks with less volatility in every one of our businesses. Our limited partners see that, and they give us more capital in more areas because they're happy with our performance. And that is the virtuous circle that drives our business, supporting record capital deployment, and ultimately cash earnings to you, our limited partners and our shareholders. Thank you for joining our call today. I'm going to turn things over now to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae. Michael?
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflected good performance against a difficult market backdrop and underlying these results is strong momentum across our businesses. That momentum is first and best illustrated by our sustained robust growth in AUM. Total AUM grew 11% year-over-year to a record $344 billion, our seventh consecutive year of double-digit growth driven by $80 billion of inflows over the past 12 months which far outpaced $48 billion of realizations and outflows. The diversity and scale of our inflows is noteworthy with $30 billion raised in Private Equity, $20 billion in Real Estate, $19 billion in Credit and $11 billion in BAAM. Fee-Earning AUM rose 9% to $244 billion with positive growth in every business. As AUM continues to grow, so do our Fee-Related Earnings, a highly stable recurring source of cash profitability. FRE increased 21% to $219 million, our best first quarter ever despite spinning off our advisory businesses in October 2015. FRE margin was a healthy 36% in the first quarter, also a record for first quarter period. Looking out, relative to our $244 billion of currently Fee-Earning AUM, we had $53 billion of management fee-eligible AUM already raised but not yet earning fees that will turn on as funds are launched or as capital is invested depending on the fund. I'll discuss the FRE outlook further in a moment. ENI was $371 million in the first quarter with strong contribution from FRE and a more moderate contribution in the quarter from Performance Fees. The areas which typically contribute the most to Performance Fees, Private Equity and Real Estate, saw positive appreciation and investment performance that compared favorably to the markets in the quarter while the Credit and Hedge Fund Solutions businesses reported flat to slightly negative returns. Let me provide some more color around our business's investment performance. Our Corporate Private Equity Funds appreciated 1.7% in the quarter with the key drivers being increases in our public holdings and a number of private companies, partly offset by unrealized marks primarily in certain private oil-and-gas-oriented energy investments. Our private valuations of these energy investments appropriately reflected the industry environments and backdrop of volatility and uncertainty in the energy sector. Having said that, I should note that our publics in energy, in Private Equity, were up 20% in the quarter and actually more than absorbed the effect of the private energy unrealized marks. Our energy publics have continued to appreciate since quarter-end and are up approximately 8% in April. In Real Estate, our opportunistic funds appreciated 1.8% and core+ by 4.4% with appreciation in our private holdings underpinned by continued healthy fundamental operating environment. Our Private Equity and Real Estate companies overall are performing well. Private Equity portfolio company EBITDA was up 6.4%, as Steve mentioned, and our Real Estate companies are delivering sustained positive operating results. We've outgrown the market because we don't own the market passively. We sector select and back-and-build leaders in these sectors yet our private holdings remain on average marked in a material discount to current public markets. As an example, our Private Equity companies are marked at a nearly 20% discount to their comparable company valuation multiples. And as Steve said, our job is to build great companies that are leaders in their sectors and so should ultimately command a premium valuation. In Credit, I said on last quarter's call that we should plan for continued market pressure that might further negatively impact the unrealized value of our portfolio, and that ended up being the case in the first quarter. Our Performing Credit funds, which include our mezzanine and BDC vehicles, saw a modest depreciation while our distressed oriented funds declined approximately 3% gross. The largest driver of this decline was unrealized marks in our energy portfolio. We are ideally positioned to capitalize on the ongoing dislocation in the credit markets. When markets swing as violently as they did in the first quarter, buyers and sellers transact less. But once the degree of stability returns, things start getting executed. On that basis, we see 2016 as potentially being a significant year for deployment in credit amid market dislocation. In this context, we're now raising our third mezzanine fund, targeting $6 billion, which has been met with tremendous demand and should be largely completed in the second quarter. We also see a moment of opportunity to raise certain new vehicles to capitalize on dislocation in the liquid securities markets. Meanwhile, we have approximately half of our second rescue fund left to deploy, 80% of our recently raised European direct lending fund, and nearly all of our energy distressed funds, totaling $14 billion in Dry Powder, which with our new mezzanine fund will give us over $20 billion of investing power from just these strategies in what we believe could be a historically attractive environment for deployment. Final point on energy across the firm. We have indeed been active investors and with successful longstanding track record. I note, for example, that GSO's energy investment record and its drawdown funds remains in the mid-20s% rate of return as of and including this quarter. While we've been active investors, our exposure as a firm is diversified across industry sectors, not just focused on oil and gas exploration. And even in such a turbulent period in the industry, in aggregate for the firm, it actually had minimal financial impact on first quarter ENI. In fact, it was slightly positive because of the positive appreciation in the Private Equity area that I discussed earlier. For BAAM, the composite return was down 2.9% gross in the first quarter. While a challenging single quarter for the industry and for us, on a long-term basis, as Steve have mentioned, BAAM has delivered net returns 50% greater than the market with about one-third of the volatility over the past 15 years. And indeed, we saw total gross inflows in BAAM in the quarter of $3.2 billion, actually the highest quarter since mid-2014. Redemptions were at more or less average levels, even inclusive of the fact that we did have one large investor exit our daily liquidity platform, as Steve mentioned. Let me give you a little more color on that. This investor was an important partner to us in the original build-out of the strategy with $1 billion commitment, and we learned a lot about the product from each other. But it was but one element of the multi-pronged strategic plan to build out our global platform in daily liquidity products, which has been extremely successful. In the three years since we launched our daily liquidity products, we've raised over $6 billion, separate from this relationship, in our own U.S. mutual fund and USIS products, with significant runway ahead. Indeed, we have increased AUM 82% in the last 12 months, with net inflows of over $625 million in the first quarter, more than offsetting the outflows from this investor in the same quarter. It's a real growth engine. While this has obviously been a difficult time in the hedge fund industry, BAAM has shown the consistent ability to gain share and capital in challenging environments even as the rest of the industry may shrink. As you know, BAAM went from the fifth largest Hedge Fund Solutions business before the financial crisis to the largest after the crisis. And indeed, BAAM is currently in dialogue with a number of existing clients about increasing their allocations, in certain cases in the context of the clients consolidating their manager lineup in the asset class as well as global investors new to the asset class with whom there is the potential for some of the largest mandates we've ever seen. Moving on to our Distributable Earnings and the forward outlook. Distributable Earnings were $388 million in the first quarter or $0.33 per unit, reflecting a slower pace of realizations and realized Performance Fees. DE obviously will be up or down in a given period depending on realizations, which are market dependent. The market backdrop in the first quarter was not conducive to optimizing exits, and we are patient investors who can pick our timing. Also, net realized carried interests in Private Equity in a given quarter, particularly with, is also a function of the timing and mix of deals realized. As reflected in the net accrued performance fee receivable, there remains a lot of value to be realized in the future for BCP V, but the timing depends on the pace and mix of deals realized. Looking forward, however, there are a few notable drivers to discuss. First, we have significant embedded FRE growth from locked-in capital plus new fundraising initiatives, which we discussed. We know many public market investors view FRE as highly valuable because of its consistency and predictability and there's a clear growth path here. We expect FRE to be stable this year with strong underlying organic management fee growth momentum, offsetting the impact of the spin-off of the advisory business and with a sharp positive trajectory into next year. For example, 2016 includes the full-year benefit of BREP VIII, which only turned on in October of last year, and we expect to activate BCP VII in the next few weeks. Although that fund has a six-month fee holiday, which will mute the benefit in 2016, we will see a full-year contribution of fees in 2017 from BCP VII, which will drive a powerful increase in the Private Equity segment FRE. It is also worth noting on FRE that the effective management fee levels in many of our new vintages of flagship drawdown products are higher than the predecessor funds, reflecting the market demand and support for them and boding well for our FRE trends. Second, we have nearly $260 billion of performance fee eligible AUM, including $172 billion which is invested. The recent recovery of the equity market is giving us a better look at monetizing our public portfolio. Since the market trough in mid February, we completed five secondary sales and we'll continue to be opportunistic with our $23 billion public portfolio. We also continue to see excellent opportunities for private sales. In Real Estate, in particular, on a global basis, there remains a strong underlying bid in the market for high quality income-producing assets, as exemplified by a recent LA office sale as well as our pending sale of Strategic Hotels. And more broadly, we have a comprehensive disposition plan for the year and quite an attractive pipeline of potential monetization opportunities around the world. Performance Fees compose the majority of our earnings over time. And while they're market dependent and less predictable in a given year, we'd argue over longer periods of time, given our investment record, they're, in fact, quite predictable. Finally, I'd like to highlight an important emerging dimension confirms business and economic model that is important to consider pertaining to new businesses like Real Estate core+ and Core Private Equity, which together will be approaching $17 billion in the second quarter, up from zero just over two years ago. These businesses target very long-term holes with greater opportunity for value compounding and less friction costs with the result a consistent long-dated and predictable earnings stream for unitholders. In the case of our Real Estate core+ strategy, you have the best of both worlds, a recurring highly profitable FRE element plus the performance fee that will primarily crystallize on recurring basis without dependence on dispositions that we expect to become quite sizable as the business marches forward and scales. And with both core products, they naturally leverage and extend our existing platforms and teams in a powerful way operationally and financially. Taking together these two core platforms in Real Estate and Private Equity represent an important and rapidly growing element of our business model going forward. And they reflect our constant push to innovate and to develop and extend strategies, products and distribution to best serve our investors, and meet and sometimes create the market opportunity. And for our unitholders, the collateral benefit to the Blackstone business that is even stronger, faster growing, and we believe more financially attractive. With that, we thank you for joining the call, and we'd like to open it up now for questions.
Weston M. Tucker: Great. Frances, if we could open it up to questions. But if I could just ask, we have quite a long queue that's developed, so, if all analysts could please limit it to one question and one follow-up question, and then come back into the queue if you have anything further, that would be great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore. You may begin.
Glenn Schorr: Hello there. Curious, tacking onto your comments on core+. Now being a $12 billion, I think you said, and growing, in an environment that we've seen where Real Estate has done pretty well, could you talk about what you're investing in now at these prices and how you balance the money and invest money as (28:52) capital deployment?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: This is on core+?
Michael S. Chae: Yeah.
Glenn Schorr: Yeah.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: The core+ business is really a terrific business. We have an enormous flow here at the firm as the largest real estate investor in the world and we see a variety of really interesting things to invest in. And as a result of that, we can sort of pick our shots of really attractive investments. And the prospects for growth in that business are huge just because the asset class within the institutional investment community and also at some point, as we move into the retail chain of distribution with this, should be able to create a really very large-scale business. And it becomes indifferent. Individual asset classes, whether it's a significant-sized office, which can be improved and re-tenanted and take advantage of renovation. And it depends where in the country if you're doing U.S., what you want to be buying, there's still a lot of opportunity in that area because Real Estate is such a giant asset class. There are buildings outside of every  every office building you look at, there are buildings everywhere. And we find plenty of it with no difficulty.
Hamilton E. James: Let me jump in, Glenn. We bounce the money in and out by accumulating demand and then when we have opportunity, we call down that money and can buy the building. So it's always in balance. If some wants to sell, then we replace that selling shareholder with a new investor, so we retained the assets. Obviously, the power of this business is holding the assets forever  of the other businesses, the traditional drawdown funds are such treadmills because you raise the money, you invest them, and then you have to sell them and give the assets back. This, you don't have to do that, so it's just layers and layers and layers and continues to grow AUM. So I wanted to make that point. Secondly, the returns in this have been spectacular. Whereas this was not supposed to be the highest-returning fund, but last year, it was the highest returning Real Estate fund I think with 18%, 19%. This year first quarter was up 4.4%, I think we gave you a one point to 8% increase to our Real Estate. So, obviously, if you're buying higher quality buildings with less leverage, we're leveraging this to 50% and earning better returns, you can imagine the appeal of that, which what Steve was talking about. And then if you have actually lower return hurdles, another way to say that is you have lower cost of capital, and it opens up vast new opportunities to buy things if you have a lower cost of capital. All in all, we're pretty excited about the ability of this to ramp up.
Glenn Schorr: And, I guess, the follow-up I would have is related  is the timing different? Meaning, if the end investor is more interested in steady income stream that these assets produce, is there more impetus to put the money to work and deploy capital quicker than you showed amazing patience in things like the Private Real Estate and Private Equity and hence the $90 billion of Dry Powder?
Hamilton E. James: No, I don't think we're any more impatient investors. As I say, we wait till there's an interesting investment to draw down the money. It's not like we take the money and then it burns a hole in our pocket. That's more of a kind of issue with, say, the BDCs where you have to take the money and have to get it invested. That's not this. And you should know that investors do get a current yield, but there's a lot of appreciation baked into this process well. So, they want both.
Glenn Schorr: Got it. Okay. I'll let others in. Thanks. Tony : Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Mike Carrier from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Michael Roger Carrier: Hi. Thanks a lot. I guess, the first question just on the portfolio overall, I guess, some of the trends that you mentioned on the EBITDA growth versus what we're seeing for the overall market with the S&P, the earnings down 10%, there seems like a huge divergence. So, just wanted to get some sense of  when we look at that overall portfolio, where the exposures are, what you're seeing, maybe pockets where you're seeing more defensive that can withstand some of the pressures that are out there on the macro front. And whether it's on energy, whether it's the currencies, negative rates, I mean, there's a lot of things going on around the world, so just wanted to get your view on how the portfolio is holding up so well relative.
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. Well, in general, remember that when we buy a company, we're supposed to bring value added. And I've said before, if we can't bring value add and we can't  there's not enough opportunities out there that the world's overlooked, and we're not enough smarter than other people just to find them and make a lot of money on huge amounts of capital. That's not really  that's not a sustainable business model. So what we have to do is buy companies and make them better run, higher margin, faster growing, better invested, better management teams, more productive, et cetera. And so that's what you're seeing. That's why our company should always grow faster than the S&P. Once our companies are mature, and we've done that, we've done our magic, it should then mirror the S&P pretty much. And at that point, we should be sellers, and we should go back into the public market or other exits. So, that's a general comment. As Michael mentioned, we have some energy, but it hasn't been that impactful. The currency is a bit net negative for us. We have some  but our portfolio is lumpy. So, for example, Hilton has been a big positive this quarter in EBITDA growth. So you have to unscramble the portfolio piece by piece, but I think the important thing to remember is the value added that we bring as operational investors that you can't lose sight of it. You shouldn't compare any private equity firm just to the S&P or you're not getting that operational interventions.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: The other thing I would say on that is if you take Tony's description of the model, and you have superior organic growth of a significant degree and you put leverage on it to enhance that, then you should get way, way better returns than the S&P and the firm has compounded in these areas at about double the S&P rate for 30 years. So this is not a one-time audition. This is structural issue that's we believe enduring and 30 years is pretty good proof of concept.
Michael Roger Carrier: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, maybe on like Performance Fees and investment income, it seems like there was a little bit of divergence there, a little bit more pressure on investment income. So I wanted to just understand what was driving that. And then if I look at the incentive AUM, kind of same thing like that dipped in the quarter, it seemed like it was more on the hedge fund side than the credit. Just wanted to get some sense given the rebound that we've seen in the market, like how close maybe some of those assets are to getting back into the carry line (36:58)?
Michael S. Chae: Sure, Mike. It's Michael. On investment income, that metric does move around over time. The biggest driver comes back to the realizations and so  and it's in two parts, one is  or maybe three. One is the level of sort of gross realizations in the quarter, which was obviously lower. The second would be  actually the amount of gains, sort of the multiple of money in the given set of deals that we sold in that quarter. And that was actually a little bit lower than sort of the average multiple of money of the realizations in prior quarters. And then third is sort of the yields or the net of carry from those realizations based on which deals they were in which (37:47). And so, as you know, in BCP V, there are a number of different aspects to that. There's the catch-up. There's how much gain the deal produced and where it sits versus the accretive preferred return, et cetera, for that deal. So, that affects, in any given deal, sort of the carry yield. Now, when you step back, as I mentioned, BCP V, we've taken a lot of carry out of that, we and our shareholders. There's still a good amount to go and, hopefully, even more than what's carried on our balance sheet. But in any given quarter, any given deal, what we take out of it, it depends on that deal circumstances.
Michael Roger Carrier: Okay. And then just at the level, meaning inside of AUM, it seemed that that went down maybe on credit and hedge funds. I just wanted to get a sense on how close those assets are just given the rebound.
Michael S. Chae: For BAAM, in the fourth quarter, they're a small portion of their AUM, a smaller portion went below. And then in the first quarter, given it's being down  what, they were down a few percent  just a few percent puts a fair bit more substantial portion of the AUM below the high watermark. But if 3% down in the quarter taketh away, then reversing that obviously will take it back. And so it's a high percentage, but we're not far, hopefully, with  I think some of the guys would say kind of a few months performance  of good performance, good normal performance will bring us back.
Michael Roger Carrier: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous. You may begin.
Patrick Davitt: Hey. Good morning. Thanks. My question is focused on the Private Real Estate marks, which as best we can tell, we used to be able to depend on that being kind of a mid single-digit market. Looks like it's now kind of tracking more in the 1% to 2% range despite the big Strategic Hotels announcement and a few other smaller announcements, which I think a lot of us thought would boost that mark more. So, could you walk through the dynamics kind of driving that apparent slowdown in the private marks? Does it have to do with where the bids are? And are you concerned that there are some signs of a turn there as some recent news articles have suggested?
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Patrick. It's Michael. The short answer is we're not concerned. And I think Steve and I both mentioned, the operating performance in our portfolios and frankly the fundamentals for nearly all of the Real Estate sectors that we cover are very solid. You mentioned strategic hotels, I'll just say, in general, that when we sign a contract to sell a company, we don't necessarily, in fact, we usually don't sort of recognize all of the purchase price immediately into our marks, which we think is prudent. We might take some of it in, and then, as we get closer to closing, take all of it in. So, I just kind of point that discrete matter out. But back to the fundamentals, we feel really good about our portfolio. If you look around, the U.S., for example, the office market supply is still low, other than in a few select markets. U.S. retail supply low and performance good in our housing portfolio for us and kind of the sector overall. Supply is still at real lows relative to history and home price appreciation is very solid, mid-single-digits plus. So, I could go on and on and then talk about Europe or the industrial sector, where we have a big exposure is really actually got momentum. And sectors that we play in Asia on a select basis, we select because they're fundamentally strong. So, portfolio is very good and we do think about things in a appropriate way where, for example, if you pick one sector lodging in our  and it's a little bit like energy in our Private Equity portfolio where our privates were down and we took pain to mark them, kind of, carefully, appropriately. Meanwhile, the energy publics, kind of the score that the market was keeping was very positive. The lodging sector, I think, when we looked at our private marks, we're trying to be similarly cautious given there's a little bit more volatility around thinking in that sector in the broader market. But meanwhile, the public markets and our own publics in the lodging sector did great last quarter. So, don't over read into the appreciation. We think the state of our portfolio and the fundamentals in the market are generally good with certain indiscreet exceptions.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yeah. I might just add a couple of points there. Remember, for non-U.S. assets, which is a very substantial portion of the new investments in Real Estate, it's affected by currencies. Even those in local currencies you'd see consistently strong performance. Secondly, on the assets we're selling, I would say the bids are still very good. We're seeing no softness whatsoever. We're seeing no turn in rents or occupancies. So, it all feels good to us.
Patrick Davitt: Great. Thanks a lot.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. You may begin. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Michael S. Chae: Good morning. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Just wondering if you could comment on what drove the muted capital deployment in the Credit segment in 1Q, just because I would have thought you would have seen more activity given where bond and loan spreads went in the quarter.
Michael S. Chae: It's a good question, Craig. I think, look, in the first six weeks of the quarter, it's obviously historic sort of meltdown in the markets. And as a result, the number of deals in the market went away. And so, that portion of GSO's business which is in part to support acquisition finance, the major part of it, the volumes obviously were lower. So, that is probably the simplest answer. And with the sort of revival of the markets in the past few weeks, deals are coming back. And GSO had an investor conference yesterday, and we're talking about how their pipeline has never been stronger actually. They're really, really excited, chomping at the bit around the market opportunity Steve and I talked about. And the pipeline and the backlogs are picking up, and the pricing in terms available to them are quite attractive. So, I think you will surely see  almost surely see if this market stays put more or less, or the deal volumes picking up at GSO. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks, Michael. And then just on the Hedge Fund business, I see the gross returns there. But also in the footnotes, I think you point out that this doesn't include a lot of the businesses there like Senfina. Is there any other data points you could give us on 1Q performance in the Hedge Fund segment just because the number you gave us doesn't capture all the underlying businesses?
Michael S. Chae: Yeah, Craig, we really can't talk about performance for that product. You can see on our investment record, some of the drawdown funds, how those move each period. But the BAAM composite reflects most of the business. It's all the customized and commingled for the most part. Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Thanks.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Bill Katz from Citigroup. You may begin.
William Raymond Katz: Okay. Thanks so much for taking the question this morning. Somewhat maybe tangentially related, could you talk a little bit about any impact, if at all, positive and negative, what the recent inversion was with the IRS and what that might mean for M&A or your businesses just in general?
Michael S. Chae: Okay. Well, I'll take that, Bill. I don't think it affects our business much at all. We've never done an inversion. We've never premised a deal on it. It undoubtedly will affect M&A somewhat, already has. You've seen what happened to the Pfizer deal. But most of the M&A that's relevant to us is not Pfizer buying things, it's just much more manageable-sized companies and for the most part, they haven't been big inversion players.
William Raymond Katz: Okay. And then just sort of stepping back, in everything we're sort of reading is that there's been some decline in allocation to Hedge Funds just generally within the construct of more allocation going into alternatives, what is the opportunity for Blackstone within that construct sort of stripping away near-term performance dynamics?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think that there's a reevaluation going on in the Hedge Fund sector given some of the fee structures and some of the performance. And so, we expect the industry itself to shrink as people who want to be in that sector are more selective in terms of who they work with. And thus far, this has been a good trend for us because we're an acknowledged expert in that field. We've avoided virtually every blowup in terms of individual analysis of hedge funds whether they were made to offset some of the other well-known things. And as people enter that asset class, what we're seeing is they're extremely interested in working with us. So, this will be some period of evolution in that field, both fee structure as well as aggregate assets and they'll be applied to quality. In our view, what we're seeing is that that's advantageous for us.
William Raymond Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Eric Berg with RBC Capital Market. You may begin.
Eric Berg: Thanks much. My question is actually a follow on in the regulatory area. It's probably a little bit too early to talk about this proposed effort by the Financial Stability Oversight Council to look at liquidity in mutual funds and how that would affect your liquid alternatives business. If you have any views, I'd certainly welcome them. But it's probably not too early to talk about the fiduciary rule which on first blush would seem to affect distributors, but again, in the same vein, I'd like to know as Bill was asking, is there any way good, bad or neutral that a Blackstone's business could be affected by the Department of Labor's fiduciary rule? Thank you.
Michael S. Chae: Okay. I'll take this one. We've basically, run our businesses and particularly the Hedge Fund business, which is where your focus is with fiduciary duty now. We have fiduciary duty to all the risk accounts already. So, we're living up to that standard. We don't depend on brokers putting clients into 401(k)'s for our products and anything. That's not our business model. So, from our standpoint, I don't think there's going to be an impact on this. It's discernible.
Eric Berg: Thank you.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Brian B. Bedell: Great. Thanks very much. Good morning, folks. Maybe just to go back to the Real Estate, obviously, that's been  continues to be really strong, it's up 60% of your ENI this quarter and the pace of realization continues to be pretty good. Maybe you could just talk about through the tempo going into the second quarter on demand for, I think, you mentioned the high quality properties demand is so extremely high. But is it  if you can talk a little bit about the trends in the secondary and tertiary markets whether that's been dropping off in the first quarter and then coming into the second quarter, and does that matter that much for you?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I'd say that we're not big buyers in Real Estate in secondary and tertiary markets. And one of the reasons we've been able to have really remarkable results in Real Estate is you have to pick your asset class but you got to pick your regions where you're doing things. So, I would say, we are dramatically underrepresented in secondary markets and I don't know of any part of our Real Estate business that even touches a tertiary market from like being involved with approving all the deals. So, our business is not Real Estate across the board, everywhere. We're highly selective in what we do and those calls have been really  they've been the right calls.
Michael S. Chae: What we love to do, Brian, is we love to buy a building that's got great bones and a great market but it's not well managed, fix it up like we do in Private Equity, fill it up. And then in the process of that, we convert bargains to Core Real Estate and capture all of the appreciation that comes with that at much lower discount rate.
Brian B. Bedell: Yeah. That's pretty helpful. And then, I mean, the core returns like you mentioned, 18% to 19% IRRs obviously exceeding, your targets were closer to 10% on that. Do you see that as a sustainable type of return going forward or is it more kind of (52:16)?
Michael S. Chae: I wish it were.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think that's unlikely.
Michael S. Chae: By the way, yeah, I would hope that we beat the 10%, but we're certainly not going to target 19%.
Brian B. Bedell: Great. Okay. And then just on fundraising, that too, obviously very strong in the first quarter. I think you mentioned in couple of different comments, mezzanine fund this quarter, I think, was $6 billion and then Tac Ops up to $7 billion. Do I have those numbers right? And then if we layer core+ in there for the second quarter, we could be back to a $17 billion type of quarter for fundraising in the second quarter, is that accurate (52:52)?
Hamilton E. James: No. I don't think we're going to have  Michael will answer your question but we're not at $7 billion of closings in Tac Ops this quarter. That's for sure.
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. I think we won't have that. I think Steve was alluding to future sort of size but second quarter we think will be quite good. We're working on a good quarter, we believe.
Brian B. Bedell: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Michael Kim from Sandler O'Neill. You may begin.
Michael S. Kim: Hi Guys. Good morning  good afternoon. First, just in terms of the $53 billion of assets that are currently not yet earning management fees, just beyond BCP VII, can you talk about some of the other bigger chunks that might be included in that number? I think core+, Real Estate might be in there, if I remember correctly.
Michael S. Chae: (53:48)
Hamilton E. James: Yes. I can take that. So, a lot of that is GSO's Dry Powder. So, if you remember, GSO has fund structures that are turning management fees into capitals invested, so that was roughly $12 billion of the Dry Powder at the end of the quarter. And then also, with the new real estate, mezzanine fund was a big piece of that. And so, it's a little bit of core+, as you mentioned.
Michael S. Kim: Yeah.
Michael S. Chae: BCP VII, some Tac Ops, some SP, strategic partners, BREP Europe V, BREDS III, some big  some nice chunky products in that number. And most of them will be lit up in the pretty near term.
Michael S. Kim: Got it. Okay. And then just more of a modeling perspective, with BCP VII coming online in the next few weeks, I guess, does that suggest we'll see a step down in fees related to BCP VI and we'll sort of have a couple of quarters of depressed management fees, if you will, until the fee holiday expires for BCP VII?
Michael S. Chae: That is what will happen in terms of the step down. And so, directionally you're right. I think it'll be not like a violent line here in the next couple of quarters. It will tick back up in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned, next year, we'll a full year BCP VII, as well being Core being activated and we're looking forward to that.
Michael S. Kim: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Michael J. Cyprys: Hi. Good morning. You mentioned in your Private Equity portfolio that the portfolio of companies I think have marked to that 20% discount or so to comparative public multiples. I guess just on the Real Estate side, how would that certainly look there whether it's in terms of cap rates or some sort of multiples on EBITDA, and how are you thinking about the risks to your Real Estate portfolio today? Do you see a...
Hamilton E. James: Yeah. It's Tony  in general, when we sell an asset, we get something like 20% to 30% higher realizations that are marked on average. And that's true at both Real Estate and Private Equity. So, it's a little hard to say that we're marking, undermarking 20%, but  so that I think you can feel the assets are conservatively marked in both portfolios in a similar way. Did you want to say something, Mike?
Michael S. Chae: Yeah. I agree with that. And our valuation process, which we think is a really good one. Real Estate has a different kind of character to it than Private Equity where you're looking at publicly traded comparable companies in the same industry. In Real Estate  and it's amazing process. If we're marking and valuing a group of office buildings in LA, you'll see in our evaluation process like a list of the last few years of trades of neighboring buildings. And John and the team will know exactly what that carry, how to compare the quality of the assets, and it's a different kind of process but a really rigorous one. So...
Stephen A. Schwarzman: And I think you asked about risk to the evaluations of Real Estate, did you?
Michael J. Cyprys: Yeah. Okay.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think the biggest risk in Real Estate are over building. And when you get excess supply, and particularly if demand turns down, that's when you get crushed in Real Estate and we don't see that happening right now.
Michael J. Cyprys: Okay. Great. And if I could just follow-up quickly on your comments earlier about higher effective management fees within your fund. Just curious why that is? Are your sticker fees going up? Are you raising pricing? Or is it just more simply the  where you're cutting the fee breaks for size? What are some of the dynamics that play there?
Michael S. Chae: Well, I think, there's a lot of elements in that. I mean, so some of it is mix, i.e., some new products that has higher fees than small products. Some of it were actually raising fees in certain areas based on superior performance. And sometimes we'll start a new product area with a relative bargain for people and then as it proves out, the second generation investors have to pay more normal fees. And so, it's a variety of things, there's no one thing.
Hamilton E. James: Right. And it is a fact that in several of our most recent Private Equity and Real Estate flagship funds, you had two things happen, larger funds at higher effective management fee rates.
Michael J. Cyprys: Nice. Okay. Thanks.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. You may begin.
Kenneth B. Worthington: Hi. Good afternoon now. BCEP has committed capital on the books now. Given that this is a new type of product for you. Any takeaways from the first rounds of fund raising here, maybe surprises in the type of clients who may not be investing in it? And given what you've seen so far, are you feeling better or worse about BCEP getting to be a really big fund over time? Thanks.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Well, this product was not offered broadly. I wanted to be clear about that. It was offered very selectively to sophisticated investors. And I think we've gotten a very good response. We're going to be over. We initially set our target of $5 billion, we'll be over that. And so, I think if we get that money invested well, it's got big potential like some of the Core Real Estate businesses. These are assets we anticipate holding for a long, long time. So, they will layer on and then continue to scale AUM but whether how big a fund at any one time of uninvested capital, I'm not sure because we're going to try to put that money to work reasonably, properly, we've got a shorter invested periods. So we raised it and put it to work, and we'll raise more into the layer on. It will be more like core+ Real Estate if you think about how it plays through the AUM than the normal drawdown fund.
Kenneth B. Worthington: Okay. Great. And then any takeaways on who's attracted to the product here, given the first round to fund raising?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Who's attracted to it?
Kenneth B. Worthington: Yeah. Or are you seeing differences in who is committing to this product versus some of the more traditional private equity funds, and who's avoiding it?
Hamilton E. James: Well, there's no one avoiding it, I don't think. I'd say we offer it selectively to our biggest, most core LPs, and they've liked it.
Michael S. Chae: And we have attracted. This is a great product for large, large family office-type players including in Europe who think in terms of decades in their ownership. And it's also I think attracting investors who historically think large global pension funds who may be more negative about sort of plain vanilla fund investing. And also had very long-term view and a great sort of liability position. And this sort of strategy has been appealing to them as well. So we have investors who are some  some are most loyal existing investors. And then we have a couple who've done less with us because they have that philosophy but this product really appeals.
Kenneth B. Worthington: Perfect. That was what I was looking for. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. You may begin.
Devin P. Ryan: Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a quick follow-up here on the private mark methodology and the mechanics there. So, how does that current 20% discount compare, I guess, relative to history? And really, how that relationship fluctuated in the past, just when markets pulled back? Meaning, is that gap narrow if you're not seeing the commensurate change in the actual business or does it widen because liquidity discount is increasing, so that may actually put downward pressure on that relationship? Just trying to get some thoughts on the mechanics there.
Michael S. Chae: I think people are kind of maybe focusing a little too much on this, but historically, it's been pretty consistent, because we mark, right? So, markets go down, we mark it down. But historically, that's been pretty consistent. And we never  if we have a public stock, for example, we've got a mark to where the public stock is. But if we find a strategic buyer, they usually pay a premium over whatever the stock price happens to be at the time.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Blackstone is regulated by the SEC. And the SEC has a variety of opinions on how to value things. And so, we have certain constraints on how we value things as a result of that. The fact that historically they turn out to be overly conservative is not something we can do much about.
Devin P. Ryan: Understood. No, that's helpful. We're just looking to see if that relationship is kind of consistent, but I understand the conservatism. And then, just secondly with respect to BCP V, can you just give us an update of maybe where those percentages are on a catch-up phase, on an ENI and DE basis?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yeah, Michael?
Michael S. Chae: Sure. Our favorite metrics. So, two things. One, in terms of the percentage, it's about 74% in terms of the degree to which the main fund is through the catch-up, overall. And then, the other way to think about it is what percentage of LPs are in full carry and what percent are in catch-up, and that remains around 50/50.
Devin P. Ryan: Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Michael S. Chae: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Alexander Blostein: Okay. Great. Thanks, everyone. A follow-up question for you, guys, on the regulatory backdrop. I just want to touch base on FX (1:05:00) statements from early this week. Obviously, everything has been kind of going  coming out of the SEC with respect to leverage and liquidity. How does that, if at all, inform your retail strategy on a positive front and a negative front? So, meaning, are there any products that potentially might not work in a contract that the regulators are trying to pursue? I guess, then on the flipside, does this create meaningful opportunity for maybe some of your less liquid businesses within Credit in particular, if some of the mutual funds can really do or stop doing certain things they're doing today?
Michael S. Chae: I think it's great for us. It's great for us because we have fantastic products that give superior returns for the risk and if people have to be more  have a higher duty to choose good products, it can only be good for us.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I'd also say that these liquidity issues that affect mutual funds and other aggregators will make it more difficult for certain credit-oriented products to be  and securities to be held by these funds. This presents an enormous opportunity for us at GSO, assuming that we can attract the capital. And what should happen is that these liquidity issues should result in the value of certain types of lesser rated credit to gap out and provide a much higher level of return for GSO on products. And the scale of this opportunity from our preliminary thinking could be really very, very large because we're, in effect, replacing certain mutual fund investments with capital that's raised on a very long-term basis. So it's safe for us to be doing this, but the return should be higher and the demands for this capital to be supplied should really escalate. So I think it's one of these unintended consequences where it should provide really a very substantial opportunity to expand aspects of our GSO business.
Michael S. Chae: I think, Alex, the first part of your question was around our own daily liquidity and retail strategy. For example, the BAAM product that we've spoken about on this call. And I'll tell you there we really think in terms of process, systems, technology, how we interact with sub-advisors that were really kind of state-of-the-art in terms of really being daily liquidity when you're required to be daily liquidity. And so, we think that'll also be a source of competitive advantage against those who also sort of purport to be daily liquidity but perhaps are not.
Alexander Blostein: Yeah. That answered. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Ken Hill from Barclays. You may begin.
Kenneth W. Hill: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, coming through a relatively challenged period for the asset managers, I'm wondering if any of this recent market stresses led you guys to see more opportunities for M&A or if there's any areas of your business you feel that some additional scale will provide opportunity going forward? And then could you also run through maybe a checklist of attributes you might look for in a potential target?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I'd say yes, it provides more opportunities. And beyond that, I'd prefer not to comment. All these things are sort of long shots, if you will, because they involve cultures of different businesses and assessing the growth opportunities and having quality consistent with Blackstone. But you definitely see a lot more opportunities being tossed up in the air for us to assess as a result of this type of period.
Michael S. Chae: And unlike the criteria, I think there are a few and I'll just do this off the top of my head, I'm sure, I'll miss some. But first of all, I don't think we'll make an acquisition what we didn't bring something significant to the future of that company, well, we can't create value by having part of the Blackstone platform. Similarly, we like businesses that contribute and make the rest of us better, number one. Number two, they're going to be a talent-intensive business but not a body-intensive business. We don't want hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of employees. Number three, we want a business where we can be a global leader. We're not interested in being also-rans in either performance or size in any business. Number four, we like businesses where if you do have superior performance, their business is with a mode around it. They're not easily knockoff-able. They're not easily replicable. They're sustainable. And then five, I think we'd have to have the right people that really fit in culturally. They're team players that put the firm first that aren't out for themselves and that sort of thing. So, those would be some of the criteria that jump to mind.
Kenneth W. Hill: Okay. I appreciate the color there. The other one I wanted to follow up on was  and I know this had been talked about for years, but with the presidential candidates and a lot of the debates, the carried interest tax has gotten a little bit more press. I'm just wondering if you could provide, like, maybe a more updated assessment on how you're seeing that, and maybe what the will is to change that over the next presidential cycle, and if that has any impact on how you're viewing the corporate structure of your business.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I think the whole presidential situation is a little incomprehensible. So we really can't figure out much anything at this point. So I'll just leave it at that. It's certainly very animated set of discussions in almost everything. It's a very unusual set of presidential campaign dialogues.
Kenneth W. Hill: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Chris Shutler from William Blair. You may begin.
Chris C. Shutler: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Another question on Core PE. Since that product is going to have longer holding periods, lower expected returns relative to opportunistic, and I think some of the deals or most of the deal would probably be sourced by some of the same people at Blackstone. Does that make it easier or any tougher to find attractive targets? And then should we expect purchase multiples in that business to generally be higher given you're going to be sticking with those companies for a longer period of time?
Michael S. Chae: Well, I don't think it's harder to find targets. It's a lower cost-of-capital source of funding, so I suppose you could make the models work on more companies. The trick is to keep the bar very, very high in terms of the quality you're buying. And that may lead to somewhat higher multiples. But if you're going to hold something for 20 years, the entry multiple and exit multiple are much less important than if you're holding them for a shorter holding period. And what becomes important is your ability to drive organic growth through that period of time. The way we look at it, the absolute gain, so the dollar's gain per dollar invested, which is what really ultimately drives carry should be substantially higher with this product than with opportunistic because of the compounding in the holding period and the lack of friction costs.
Chris C. Shutler: Okay. Understood. And then just one final one on the  you gave a stats for the Private Equity portfolio. They grew revenue 2.5% and EBITDA 6.4% in the quarter. Can you give us those comparable stats for Q4?
Michael S. Chae: I'm going to do this off the top of my head. I think the revenues were a bit higher and the EBITDA growth is a bit lower.
Hamilton E. James: I think they are (1:13:46)
Michael S. Chae: I'm going to say 3% to 4%ish...
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yeah. Lower (1:13:51).
Michael S. Chae: Here are some numbers. Okay. It was 1.8% revenue in the fourth quarter and 6.7% EBITDA in the fourth quarter. So...
Chris C. Shutler: Great.
Michael S. Chae: ...we're little higher on revenues and consistent on EBITDA.
Chris C. Shutler: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Weston M. Tucker: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Weston Tucker for your closing remark.
Weston M. Tucker: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect and enjoy your day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Investor Conference Call. My name is Catherina and Ill be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will facilitate a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Weston Tucker: Thanks Catherina. Good morning and welcome to Blackstone's fourth quarter 2015 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Chae, Our Chief Financial Officer and Joan Solotar, Head of Multi-Asset Investing & External Relations. Earlier this morning we issued the press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results which are available on our website. We expect to file our 10-K report later next month. Id like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which by their nature are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of some of the risk that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K report. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on this call. The reconciliations you should refer to the press release. I would also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds. This audio-cast is copyright material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. So, quick recap of our results. We reported Economic Net Income or ENI per unit of $0.37 for the fourth quarter and a $1.82 for the full year which were down from the prior year from the prior year periods due to lower appreciation across some of the funds. Distributable earnings were $878 million in the quarter or $0.72 per common unit and $3.3 per common unit for the full year 2015. That full year amount is a record and is up sharply from 2014 due primarily due to great mix, greater [indiscernible] in our private equity and real estate businesses. We will be paying a distribution of $0.51 per common unit to unit holders of record as of February 8, which brings us to $2.73 paid out with respect to 2015. And that equates to 11% yield on the current stock price, which remains one of the highest of any large firm in the world. With that I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. 2015 was a year in which Blackstone achieved several milestone including reaching records assets under management of $336 billion. Continued expansion of our leadership position in every business world has illustrated by record capital raised of $94 billion and record capital invested of $32 billion, both stunning. Our best year ever for capital return to our shareholders at $2.73 per common unit as Weston just mentioned and of course, we celebrated our 30th Anniversary. We entered 2016 with great confidence in our business and its prospects. The public markets however have certainly had a challenging start to the year with the narrative thats been dominated by concerns over global growth, energy prices, high yield credit, China and the U.S. Presidential elections. Best use have been caught in the down cycle of pessimism and over sold conditions as markets have corrected. In times of turbulence, having locked up capital can be a tremendous performance advantage both in the ability to deploy scaled capital at very good prices and to hold our investments during inevitable downturn. As always possible that a market correction becomes something more significant, we at Blackstone do not see a recession in the U.S. We do believe that global GDP growth is slowing, weve seen a slowdown within certain sectors and regions in our global portfolio as a result. On balance however, our portfolio companies remain in terrific shape, our private equity company has grew EBITDA in the fourth quarter versus the declines in the broader market which we witnessed now for several quarters running. And in real estate our properties are reporting healthy fundamentals across the board including mid-single digit growth in office rents in the U.S. and U.K. and continuing albeit somewhat slow in hotel RevPAR growth. And our company CEOs mostly expects solid growth in 2016. Overall, our investment returns were quite strong in 2015, youd never looking at our stock, but they were quite strong with most of our funds well ahead of global markets. Our corporate private equity funds for example, appreciated 7.4%, well our tactical opportunity funds were up 9.3% and strategic partners or secondary business rose 19.4%. Our real estate in our opportunistic funds appreciated 9.7%, well our newer core plus platform was up 19.1%. Our product due for a limited partners as a group dramatically have performed the S&P total return of 1.4%, typically by multiples of 5x to 7x and exactly what something you should be punished for. We delivered these results despite the ongoing public pressures in our public stock portfolio which are baked into these returns. Importantly a locked up structure of most of our funds means that were never fore sellers and can wait until markets improve before exiting public positions. Having 10 year funds for example, means that things that happen over a few months or even a year dont impact us, the way they do other investors. We dont have redemptions in our drawdown funds. And even in our liquid funds capital flows remain healthy. Our hedge funds solutions arrear for example reported strong net inflows in 2015, including in the fourth quarter when we typically see seasonally higher redemptions and reason for that is, weve outperformed public markets in that area as well, quite significantly. Were seeing strong demand for credit products as high yield spreads have capped by hundreds of points and liquidity has declined. Our credit business overall is benefiting from these trends with great demand for financing much higher rates of return than six months ago and were deploying much, much more capital as a result. In fact, the fourth quarter was the record quarter deployment for GSO as it was for our private equity and real estate segment. GSOs existing investments are being negatively impacted on an internal mark-to-market basis, but that doesnt reflect the inherent credit quality of the overall portfolio or its ability to have principal returned in interest paid. Blackstone stock as I preference has been under severe pressure and the alternative asset management group has been one of the hardest hit in terms of stock price declines. Despite this Ive every confidence in our firm and our current position. Well, our stock has declined 40% from market high levels last year, I think its important to ask whats different for Blackstone today versus early last year when the stock was significantly higher? What has happened to our business? Well, were 16% larger in terms of AUM then at year end 2014 with sharp growth in every single business. The $94 billion we raised last year is the size of many of our peers and exceeds the annual fundraising of our next four largest public competitors combined. We invested over $32 billion in our drawdown funds and committed another $6 billion to investments that haven't closed yet. That is by far a record for us with the heavy tilt towards later in the year when the investing environment was more favorable. We returned $43 billion to our fund investors through realization. I believe our sustained high level of capital deployment over the past several years is planning [indiscernible] for eventually harvesting significantly larger future distributions than what we are generating today. Blackstone as I would argue the best position firm making long-term investment to capitalize on the changing investment landscape. We have the industry's largest dry powder at $80 billion. I expect it will raise tens of billions more in the coming quarters as limited partners look to a franchise they trust, a safe pair of hands one that has navigated these types of environments successfully like we have done with 30 years now. And our LPs continue to allocate greater amounts of capital to the fast growing alternative space particularly the Blackstone as the Wall Street Journal reported last Friday on its front page. Our public equity sales have been slower in the past two quarters for obvious reasons, but that didn't materially slow the overall pace of realization activity in 2015. That also means that there is more in the ground today, compounding value which will eventually be realized for our investors. And despite that we still have a huge year, a record year for realizations. We have also launched several new funds in businesses in the past year. This is where Blackstone really sets itself apart from other firms in our industry and frankly most others in the world. The foundation of our culture and therefore our success over the past 30 years is innovation with safety. While most companies struggle to build great businesses outside their original success, it is a core competency of our firm. We continue to quickly launch and scale new products, leveraging our talent, knowledge and brand in order to take immediate advantage of market opportunity. For example, our real estate core plus business has grown to $11 billion in size in only two years after its launch and it has incredible runway ahead of it. In our hedge fund solutions area, our new multi-manager hedge fund platform has grown rapidly to $2 billion in AUM using only 8 portfolio managers currently and we have been very pleased with their performance so far. Our secondary business which Tony James was instrumental in founding the TLJ for Blackstone acquired in 2013 is now raising its seventh main fund and several new funds targeting $10 billion or many multiples the size of their main fund when we acquire this platform just three years ago. Our tactical opportunities business launched three years ago is already $15 billion in size and is benefiting from many of the opportunities opened up by the bank pullback in certain areas. And in real estate our commercial mortgage REIT, [ESMT] is benefiting from the same trends. [ESMT] is exclusively a senior mortgage lender with floating rates, so you don't have to worry about rates going up which people seemed to be fixated on. With collateral underwritten by our world leading real estate platform, yet it is today trading at 10% yield for senior floating rate debt. It's trading below book between, youre now basically getting a Blackstone real estate franchise for a negative value and that makes no sense. But that's the world right now in equities and leverage credit. We have seen versions of this movie many times before with always the same outcome, outsized returns for someone. So to answer to my earlier question whats changed the Blackstone over the past year that weve continued to build and extend our leadership position in basically every area we are in. our stock price decline is reflective of whats happening in the public markets and the mark-to-market movement of certain of our assets, which we do not believe is indicative of their fundamental value as measured by their operating results and their prospects. This temporary decline in value should normalize overtime. Our firm is in terrific shape with strong momentum in every area. We continue to generate high levels of current cash flow for unit holders with a distribution yield as Tony mentioned on our earlier call, with just on fee earnings with some other flows that is the top quartile of the S&P 500 and that is without the help of any realization, which constitute the majority of our earnings overtime. And the trajectory of our fee earnings is sharply upward, which youll see in the future which Michael Chae is going to speak next. We will discuss in more detail. We remain highly profitable with strong growth prospect and downside protection in the form of stable and growing fee earnings and a rock solid A+ rated balance sheet with about $4 billion in cash. And right now you're getting Blackstone on sale. As I've shared before, we've done an implied stock price analysis for the next 10 years. Based on what we believe to be conservative assumptions of AUM growth of 8% to 12%. By the way, last year was 16, but we just like -- we've some numbers for you, at 8% to 12% as well as lower than historical returns for our drawdown funds in the mid teams instead of higher and mid-single digit returns in our liquid strategies which has historically has been much higher. The implied total value for Blackstone shares over that 10 year period would be in a $100 to $125 per share area. That is including distributions and using what I believe is a reasonable yield of 5% to 6% on our cash flows. That $100 to $125 per share value equates to a multiple of money to U.S. investors of between four and five times todays stock price. Wherein IRR, was about 19% to 22% annually, compared to the 10 year treasury, which as you know was around 2%. I guess, the question is we do prefer 2% or 20% annually? It doesn't seem like a tough decision to me, but it apparently is to many of you, but I'm in the minority. If an investor can do better than four to five times their money in 10 years, then they ought to go ahead and find something to do with. I'm personally not selling my BX units, and I believe great things are ahead for this firm. At Blackstone, we continue to benchmark ourselves against the best performing companies in the world and feel quite good about our progress, delivering strong growth, high margins, and terrific returns for our L.P. Nevertheless, we're always striving to do better and to do more and 2016 will be no exception. Our shareholders can be assured that Blackstone will never stand still. We will keep blazing the trail forward and I hope you all remain with us or join us if you're not already a shareholder at this wonderful venture. So, thank you, for joining our call today. I'm going to turn things over now to our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae, who is doing a really terrific job. And I guess this is his second earnings call.
Michael Chae: Thanks, Stephen. Good morning, everyone. Despite the significant downdraft in markets that we experienced for much of the second half of last year and which has continued into this year, Blackstone generated favorable earnings, cash and capital matrix for both the fourth quarter and full year. Fundamental pillars of our business remain extraordinarily strong regardless of market conditions. Our full-year distributable earnings of $3.8 billion up 25% from the prior year was our best ever and also the best ever for the alternatives industry with a prior record being our own 2014 performance. The primary driver of this was a $610 million increase and net realized performance fees and investment income from 2.3 billion to 2.9 billion, with year-over-year increases in both private equity and real-estate. Reported fee related earnings declined modestly from 1 billion in 2014 to 936 million in 2015, with the underlying strong trajectory of our asset management fees [indiscernible] growth offset by two items. First, we completed the spin of our advisory businesses in October 1st, and so 2015 was without what is typically those businesses seasonally strong this quarter. Second, as discussed last year, we changed the deferral policy for equity based comp plans in the fourth quarter of 2014, which provided a benefit in that quarter to FRE. Adjusting for these items, FRE was up strongly in 2015 and we expect it to be up strongly again in 2016. ENI was 2.2 billion for the full-year 2015, down from a record 2014. In the fourth quarter, our ENI was 436 million, reversing the $416 million loss of the third quarter. The lower rate of fund depreciation in 2015 was due primarily to the declines in our public, and to a much lesser extent in the second half, which -- decline our public was expected most of our businesses and to a much lesser extent, certain unrealized mark downs in energy and credit and currency translation of tax and some more non-US holdings. Importantly, the locked up structure of most of our funds means that we'll never force sellers and can wait patiently until the time is ripe before acting. In fact, including our hedge fund solutions business, 94% of our fee earning AUM are in funds with long-term lockup structures and have a weighted average remaining life of approximately eight years. This is the heart of our business model and fundamental competitive advantage. In this context, I think it is informative to look at our historical experience with public market exits. In the past 10 years, we've IPO'ed and fully exited 11 companies with public markets, representing $3.7 billion invested capital. We took them public at a 40% gain on average from the prior quarter mark, patiently timed our secondary's, generally and successfully higher values not withstanding market fluctuations and realized a final cumulative multiple of investor capital of 3.6 times on average. Today, we have $24 billion in public, in our private equity and real-estate funds which of course is greater than past periods given the significant growth of the firm. Although our public have been under pressure with the broader market so far in the first quarter which could impact ENI in the near term. We feel good about our companies and remain confident and our abilities to exit them over time at attractive rates return. Currently, our public stocks are marked at a 1.8 times multiple cost in aggregate, reflecting significant built-in gains even at current levels. As a companion point, we feel very good about our private portfolio. At times of stress in the markets, it is worth noting that our portfolio remains marked and the material implied discount for the multiples and market comparables. And as you know, overtime, our IPOs and private sale values, consistently come at large average premium to prior earnings release. Let me now dig in a bit more into our 2015 performance at the business unit level. And we navigate the truly tricky year. First, performance. A competitiveness in growth of our firm begins and ends with investment performance. In 2015, our private equity segment fund outperformed the S&P 500 by approximately a 1000 basis points. Our real-estate's BREDS funds also outperformed the S&P by about 1000 basis points and the re-index by over an 1100 basis point. Our hedge funds solutions composite, up from the S&P by over 300 basis points and the HFRX hedge fund index by over 600 basis point. Second, realizations. As Steve highlighted, we return to our investors $43 billion in realizations in 2015, following a $45 billion year-end 2014. That's $88 billion in 24 months. In real-estate, 21 billion this year, and $41 billion over two years. In private equity, $13.5 billion in 2015 and $29 billion over two years. Credit, $8 billion this year and $17 billion over two years. We feel very good about having capitalized and favorable market conditions on a realization standpoint. Next, deployment. How did we navigate the tricky year from a deployment standpoint? Corporate private equity, we step carefully through what we saw the challenging terrain. We committed $3.5 billion in capital, in essence quietly in 12 deals with an average deal size of less than $300 million, largely and off the run value oriented plays with an average purchase multiple of [108] times EBITDA. Average leverage of under four times EBITDA and we did none of the large highly leveraged LDL's, number of which are now hung up in the financing markets. In real-estate, we leveraged our singular platform and consummated hallmark deals that we are uniquely positioned to do and which often capitalized on increased market [indiscernible]. The GE deal, for Stuy Town, or public privates among other. And them, we launched our multi-manager platform at a time when subsequent market turbulence revived opportunities for short and our team capitalize on this environment. As critical where the things we didnt do. In energy, we have raised over $8 billion of dedicated capital in private equity and GSO to take advantage of the current dislocation. And almost all of it remains undrawn. In terms of existing exposures, we are mark-to-market and the full-year impact from our energy investments in 2015 was about 5% of our ENI of $2.15 billion. That includes all of our energy investments in private equity and credit, not just oil and gas and E&P. And so that includes investments in energy sectors such as power and renewables that are not directly affected by oil and gas price. In terms of our credit area in general, the fourth quarter was a difficult one for the market overall and for parts of our portfolio, particularly certain energy related in a venture of in situations. The situation is obviously continued in January. The vast majority of impact was from unrealized markdowns and in company where we feel good about their prospects. Historically, I would note, GSO has experienced realized losses of less than 50 basis points, drawdown and in direct lending fund. While in the near term, we should plan for continued market pressure that may further affect these marks. We expect that eventually, markets will bottom, stabilize and recover. In the meantime, we bring to a credit market that is seeing unprecedented dislocation in increasing liquidity pressure structurally. The ideal investment platform were approximately 80% of our capital base, is in locked up or permanent capital structures, where we are not for sellers and are poised to strike as buyers opportunistically. Indeed, some $15 billion in dry powder, our team with GSO has a record amount of funding at what in their view will ultimately be the best time to deploy capital on the credit markets since 2009. Last topic I'd like to address this morning is the outlook for distributed earnings. Which includes both our growing fee related earnings as well as our expectations with performance fees. We have significant embedded growth in our fee earnings, just based on capital that has already been raised and also fundraising initiatives currently underway. 2016 will include the full-year benefit of [indiscernible], in private equity BCP VII launched though there was a six month fee holiday which will delay the onset of fees. In addition, we have multiple new funds being raised which will positively impact this year, including among others, and European real-estate debt and core plus, Strategic Partners flagship secondary's fund and other SP products, Tactical Opportunities products, GSO's Mezzanine Fund and other products, more private equity and inflows across a wide range of their end products. These fund raisers are progressing very well across the board, and we're expecting the aggregate in other very robust year of inflows that will add meaningfully to FRE in the near term. With respect to realizations, we have a significant pipeline of situations with a potential to be monetized at the right time and in the right conditions. Although, the near term could be impacted by more limited public market sales, we have other means to generate realizations, including potential private sales as well as the current yield portion of our performance fees. As of year-end, the approximately half of our net accrued performance fee receivable, that is from vintages 2010 and prior, is nearly all public and or liquidating. And the vintages since 2010, weve deployed $104 billion in capital in our drawdown funds alone or about $21 billion per year on average over that five year time period. A substantial portion of which is still in the ground in companies that are fundamentally strong at performing well. While the investments needs funds are seasoning, their ultimate potential is not reflected in current marks. Although we've had several years of significant realization volume, the ratio of capital deployed to the cost basis of realizations at an average 1.6 times for private equity and real-estate, meaning we've been putting well more into the ground than we've been taking out. The cupboard is not emptying but on the contrary has been refilling. And today, we sit with $80 billion of dry powder, $34 billion or some 73% more than this time last year, phasing into an even more interesting investment and bargain. In closing, although the environment has become more volatile for investment management, it's exactly in these types of environments that our firm prides and builds upon our existing leadership position. We believe we have a powerful and valuable business model [indiscernible]. Over the last eight quarters, our fee revenues per dollar a fee AUM, at average 3.5 times those of the largest traditional asset managers. And our total revenues including performance fees, per dollar fee AUM had averaged eight times those of traditional managers. Our AUM has grown at over 20% average annual rate for the last five years and we expect to stay on a robust trajectory. The vast majority of this AUM as I mentioned is locked up for an average eight years. And most importantly, we bring to this environment, a record, over three decades of having approximately doubled the returns to the public market and other benchmarks. So, while we reach several new records in 2015, we believe we've never been better positioned to capitalize on the many opportunities in front of us and to achieving even greater milestones in the years to come. With that, we thank you for joining our call, and we'd like to open it up now for any questions. And Christina, before you prompt for questions, I'd like to just remind everybody, if you can just limit your questions to one main question and one follow-up, we've got a pretty full queue and we want to make sure we get you everybody. If you have additional question, you can queue back in.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery representing Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Luke Montgomery: Just in terms of deployment in energy and other commodities, I think yes seven or eight billion of dry powder last quarter. Think you also suggested that the Energy P fund and GSO were biding their time at least to the first half of the year, but I think I hear you saying now you feel the opportunities are riper for capital deployment, so maybe you could speak your appetite in the current environment flush out some of the things you are looking at?
Tony James: Yes, this is Tony. Let me just clarify couple of things. Michael said over 8, I think I said 8.5 of dedicated energy funds. Most of those funds co-invest with another fund for example, our private equity energy fund takes about half of the deals and so it drags along a similar amount of private equity capital. If you add all of the capital we have available for energy is closer to $15 billion. So just to clarify, so there is no confusion. And yes, it's hard to call the exact term, but as I said before these prices are not sustainable. The nice thing about oil and gas wells are they decline covers fairly sharp, they deplete quickly. These are in copper mines which can produce for 50 years and if you are not drilling a lot of new wells and you are producing which is whats happening, which is why there is surplus, very quickly supply self corrects. So whether it's sometime in the next  we could survive these prices for several years with the investments we are making and still we expect prices to be 65, 75 in four or five years and we will make some very, very nice returns. So, when we look at energy investing we look at surviving a long time where prices are today and then still getting very, very nice returns if we get back to prices 60 or above which are well below prior peaks. And ironically, the lower prices go today the higher they will be in five years from now because the more other new drilling and what not get shut off. So yes, we think it's a very interesting time to put money out now, there is a lot of companies that desperately need capital, you can come at the top in some cases top of the risk stack, top with capital stack and still have equity like return and other cases great companies with good assets just have no alternatives. And actually, I think as the cycle unfolds it will get better and better and better because the prices start to move up the activity level will pick up quite quickly and so I think it will actually even get better as prices move up, it is the way to deploy capital.
Luke Montgomery: Okay, thanks, really helpful. And then, I think one of the questions we get is around how you are marketing the private equity or the private positions rather than private equity and real estate and because its DCF based those marks might not reflect which you can sell them for today. My understanding is that you actually aren't allowed to mark-to-sale and I heard you that the fundamental cash flow growth looks strong, youve a long horizon I think, you might have even addressed the question indirectly already, but I was hoping you might speak to the concerns that private marks could be masking a decline in distributable earnings over the immediate term?
Michael Chae: Sure, its Michael, as I mentioned in my remarks our private portfolio remains marked at a material implied discount to the multiples of market comparables and overtime again as we talked about our IPOs and sales have consistently come at large premium to private caring values. And if you step back that's because in our private evaluations we focus intently on fundamentals and what the right long-term historical average multiples are for a given asset or an industry and at the same time we do keep an eye on whether our employee caring multiples at a given point in time are appropriate relative to current market multiples which we consistently feel they do and definitely do today. So, we feel good about it and that's a little bit of an insight into our process. Let me comment a little differently on that. First of all, last time as you know we went through this, we did not have big mark downs in the portfolio much less than the public markets and when we sold, we had big mark ups and realized big gains and with even BCP 5, well be coming gross to two double that just money, why is that. It's because we are not just buying public stocks here that mark up or mark down. When we buy it, we are buying companies or going and creating value by significantly increasing their earnings and their growth rates and their margins and their return on capital and enhancing their management teams. And that goes on whether the stock market goes up or down. So, we create a lot of value and our private companies appreciate even in declining markets.
Luke Montgomery: Alright, thank you very much, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Bill Katz representing Citigroup. Please proceed.
Bill Katz: Thank you, I appreciate taking my questions. First question is, on just the pricing backdrop. One of your competitors was out recently in the talk mentioning that there was potential for downward pressure on 2 and the 20 and so I was wondering if you could comment on what you are seeing and what would you anticipate if any type of pricing change as it relates to some of the drawdown of businesses that you run?
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, I was surprised to that actually we haven't been experiencing that and we have sold out, I guess, it was better characterizations blown out every fund that we marketed over the last x number of years. And occasionally, we have some sort of negotiation over massive amounts of money in the multibillion dollar categories that would be special account right over whole lot of different products. But what other group was saying, we have not experienced that and if you look at the kind of returns that we have talked about and Michael had a lot of stuff he was saying, but I think his last sentence or two said something like we have averaged around double the S&Ps something of that type borrowing funds that are trying to get those kinds of returns. When you provide that kind of like super performance what you find is, you end up having great long-term partnerships with limited partners where the win-win type of arrangements so that's pretty much what we are experiencing.
Michael Chae: Let me comment on that. We have one of our main businesses is tactical opportunities we are seeing the precise deposits. We are having a significant increase in fees carry then we had in fund one. And they are both oversubscribed. They are both oversubscribed.
Bill Katz: That's helpful. Alright, [indiscernible] but since it's been lot time I wanted to prepare remarks to figure why not, when you reported third quarter earning stock was 33 by your math you can get a 4x return on your investment if you would have purchased Blackstone today. By looking at page 23 of your supplement which is one of the better supplements by the way, you lay out all your export realized and total invested and none of them comes close to 4x. So how do you think about capital return or capital priorities as you look forward and as you are thinking changing all in terms of buyback even where the stock is today since nothing has changed in the business model?
Stephen Schwarzman: We get asked about stock buybacks and for us, we think our first of all our model of projecting what we are doing we think is actually quite interpretive. And so, the question is why aren't we doing a massive stock buybacks now and one of the reasons is that I like cash, I like it like a lot of entrepreneurs like cash whether it's the Microsoft people or the Google people or the Apple people, you like cash because it gives you the opportunity to take advantage of opportunities and what happens is, we are being approached for example, by a number of different organizations that want to affiliate with Blackstone because we payout, we are trying to please people including ourselves and we payout almost all of our earnings and we have sort of sky high yields by the standards of other companies. And so, for us if we buy stock in then we are leveraging ourselves up and we need our cash for two reasons, one is acquisitions. And the other is, at the rate we are growing we have to keep putting money into funds, limited partners believe that if you don't invest in your own funds you don't show confidence or alignment. And so, we always want to have lot of money around because our ability to start new products is really remarkable and last year we grew at 16% after giving all this money back and we keep coming up with new products. We put ourselves in a position to the major share buybacks and not be able to fund the growth of the business, which puts money in the ground for long term and we grow from fund one to subsequent funds very rapidly, would not be investing in effective long-term. Nothing wrong with buying stock at this price, nothing but if we think we are compromising our ability to grow one of the greatest companies in the world, it's just a question of how do you allocate that and they are all good allocations. But, I am a great believer in taking advantage of every investment opportunity for the benefit of our limited partners and if we do a great job for them they have trillions and trillions of dollar and if we keep getting a vastly disproportionate amount because of the performance that's great for our public shareholders over the long-term. That was the long answer, but I wanted to tell you how at least I think about it.
Michael Chae: Let me add a couple of color from my perspective to that. First of all, we absolutely think this stock is in unbelievable buy right now we all are on it personally. I mean, I don't know exactly how much Steve owns these days but it's a lot of stock. And he hasnt sold a share since the IPO, so we are all in on the stock we think it's a fantastic buy. Secondly, the value that Steve talked about of $100 one of the things that drives that is the organic growth rate that we have got to take capital to fund. So, if we stopped having the capital to fund the growth, I am not sure wed necessarily be ahead of the game, but that's really not the point. We are here to build a great institution that takes this place for enduring great companies of America. And we have got an amazing opportunity and a clean shot to do that with nothing in our way and we have got a daylight between us and all the other competitors and we think we are supposed to go, build that legacy and do something really special here and not take advantage of short term trading opportunities because of buying a few shares because there are little low.
Tony James: Bill, let me just clarify one thing you stated in kind of set up your question. I think you alluded to the page in our 8-K with our investment records on our historical [mikes] which range 1.8x, 1.9x. Assumptions underlying the sort of the analysis and model that generates Steves discussions and view on our long-term equity value creation, it's premised very much on that 30 year history of producing those types of multiples of money, which then produces the overtime which supports the yield that support the stock price Steve mentioned. So I just wanted to be very clear about that.
Bill Katz: Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim representing Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed.
Michael Kim: Hey guys good morning. First Tony I think on the immediate call you mentioned the range of something like $1 to $3 of distributable earnings this year depending on realization activity. So first, is the low end essentially just based on fee related earnings and then at the high end what sort of general market backdrop would you sort of need to generate that level of realization?
Tony James: Let me be clear, I was not in any way making a projection about what we might be in 2016. I was simply pointing to the structure of our business where we are in a position now depending on realizations to get somewhere between $1 in any year, $1 which is driven largely fee related income and some of the recurring income investments we have like interest on debt and stuff like that which you get over year regardless of market. Two, this year we got over $3 in DE and so we are $1 to $3 like payer on a stock of mid 20s, what kind of yield is that to make any sense and so all I was, what I was pointing out is, I wasnt trying to make projections as to what the realization would be in 2016 although I will say, I don't see any reason why we can't have significant realizations in 2016 on top of the $1 that comes largely from fee related and other recurring income.
Michael Kim: Got it, okay, understood. And then, Steve since you mentioned wanting to maintain cash on hand for potential acquisitions, just curious if you could maybe comment on where you might be focusing your attentions and then what you are sort of seeing in terms of the competitive landscape in terms of competition and/or pricing trends?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, giving away insight information on widely spread calls is a bad idea and we get approached by different types of managers whether they are long only managers, alternative managers of all sizes because whats happened is every time that someone has affiliated with us their business has exploded with growth. So, we have our own sort of list of priorities which we think makes sense and then we get over the trends of type of increase and what we are interested in doing is expanding when it makes sense with businesses that we can really enhance with people who share similar value system. We are not trying to do anything for the short term. And for us to actually buy something there has to be a fit of values and culture and risk aversion because what I figured out is that there are no brave old people in finance, usually it get wiped out by being brave when you are younger. And so, we have a number of things, we are looking at what tends to happen is, we have an advantage actually of real liquidity in our stock. We typically are about half the market cap of our whole industry. And if anybody is interested potentially in liquidity we are very good home, but we are quite discriminating, we don't want to do anything that puts ourselves and changes the culture of the firm. We like building them ourselves, but we found some really terrific opportunities and more of this stuff comes out of the woodwork when you have adverse market cycles than when you are at tops. At top everybody is self confident and happy and then when the tide goes out you see who is wearing bathing suits or whatever and maybe I was like, to have to be wearing them, but we are seeing some activity now, we will see what happens with it.
Tony James: And I just want to comment, we have made seven or eight acquisitions, the returns on all of them have been terrific and so I don't think you will see transformational things that change those courses of the firm overnight, but we will continue to smart acquisitions where we can build a lot of value. And none of them will be ego driven by the way to have bragging rights for more AUM or something.
Michael Kim: Got it that's helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt representing Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. My questions are around the credit comments that Tony made on the media call, can you just walk us through from GSOs perspective what kind of leading indicators they are looking at to give them comfort. It's a good time to wrap up the investment that they have in other word what leading indicators do they see that show that the issue is not broader than energy and in that -- at what point do you worry about the liquidity driven by [indiscernible] leading into real credit issues?
Tony James: Okay. Well, lets put energy aside. I think if you look at and Michael can help me out here, if you look at the implied default rates on the pricing of low investment grade credit today away from energy, there are something like Michael 4%- 5% and yet we see to actually achieve those default rates you would have to go into a recession in our financial crisis similar to what we went into in 2008/2009, we don't see that at all. So I said, the leading indicators is a point where we view it, what we view is inherent value right now. So the yields are too high for the embedded credit risk and therefore it's a good buy. And so, we are putting money into the market, we are getting additional money from investors to continue to do that. I don't think this is something we are going to plunge at all in one day though, we are somewhere in a good part of the cycle, we will continue to take a series of bites in that part of the cycle. Incidentally, I would say the same thing for energy about where we are in the cycle and the bites we are taking although obviously in energy you are going to have some fairly high, actually default rates. And so we are baiting that into our scenario too. But, I think that the inequity of the market has driven pricing of less than investment grade credit on reasonably low yields, too high for the risk and so we are taking advantage of that.
Michael Chae: Just to give you one idea, without a name but there is one surety we were discussing the other day was sort of a yield of 17% at somewhere around 6x EBITDA in terms of value through the debt. Well, we buy companies all the time at 6x to 7x EBITDA and if you could get like a 17% cash yield the due is. Remember treasuries are two, so it's not so bad. But markets gaping out, I mean, you have to hand it to the regulatory environment when you get rid of basically dealers, stop the gaps and our job is to take advantage of that for our investors.
Patrick Davitt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington representing J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. In terms of financing, you are putting a lot of money to work. How are you finding the financing markets say less economy, let me try it again. You are putting a lot of money to, how are finding the financing markets maybe where they are less accommodative and to what extent are you seeing others having a hard time closing deals you mentioned some hung deals, how wide spread is that really and I assume that you insist on and you get preferred financing treatment, so is the financing market inconsistent enough yet for this to be an advantage to you?
Tony James: Okay. We are getting financing on the deals we want, actually in most of the cycles before the credit market turn down, we felt that the credit markets were giving too much debt for the companies that we weren't taking all of that was available, we just didn't think it was healthy to have capital structures that are over levered. Those have come down a little bit, but we are still getting 5, 6 sometimes 6.5 times debt to cash flow for our companies. However, as Michael pointed out a lot of the investments we are making are lowly leveraged and we are getting the returns that we target sort of 20% plus without much leverage by driving the operational change and the growth of the business. So we are not, our returns as I said over the years don't come from leverage. They come from what we do with the companies number one, and number two, excessive leverage environments push up prices that seller get when they sell the company and force us to pay more and lowers our returns as an industry. So it's not good. So this backup is good for private equity make no two ways about it. And there is more values, the fewer buyers and there are lower prices out there when we make the investment. In terms of others problems, the problems were concentrated in the really large deals at very high prices where sponsors were mostly doing public to private was one big carve out where there was a problem and the market is working through those. Some of those deals are being re-priced, some of those lenders are taking lumps and moved on, some of them have gotten done pretty well, actually so it depends on the specific situation. The market likes plain when it looks solid businesses right now you can still finance those well. If it's a turnaround or falling nice kind of deal it's hard.
Ken Worthington: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier representing Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Mike Carrier: Thanks a lot. First question I guess on the current portfolio, I guess it's two parts just first, I think you mentioned that theyre still seeing EBITDA growth, but any details there and I think as later in the cycle people worry about or investors worry about slower growth and so maybe from an economic standpoint versus what you guys can do or the portfolio companies can do to drive growth like whats the outlook? And then, when you look at the returns whether this quarter for the year any breakdown for the public returns versus the private side of the portfolio?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, I will let Michael deal with the second part. Our corporate companies are having EBITDA growth in the low single digits, low to mid single digits depending on the company. Our real estate I would say are mid to high single digits.
Michael Chae: I would add that in our portfolio, if you look at the economy overall in the U.S. for corporate, the most pain as Tony has alluded to last quarter and now is around kind of the industrial companies that are most export exposed to the global economy. Our private equity portfolio happens to lighter on that kind of thing, heavier on some other industries which we think, which for reasons we selected sectors carefully and tend to be relatively growth here. So that is why in aggregate as we talked about, while we see some deceleration even our own portfolio we are still outgrowing the sort of public market overall meaningfully. On the performance of our publics and privates, we don't sort of break that out per say, I would say two sort of dimensions to it. One is obviously, over the course of the year there were some fluctuations to the third quarter, publics generally were down in the fourth quarter, they were covered and you saw that flow through our E&I in third and fourth quarter in terms of us basically having a E&I decline in third quarter and then more than reversing that in the fourth quarter. I would say the other dimension is certain sectors have been hit more than others, so in the real estate area we are lodging it as a significant component, lodging stocks have been hit harder than other sectors. So, you see some sort of sector differentiation here and then to the course of the year you saw obviously ups and downs.
Mike Carrier: Okay, its helpful and then Michael maybe just a quick follow-up. You mentioned just on the FRE outlook given some of the funds that will be, like fees will be turning on, just you want to get a sense, when you think about maybe the net of like fees turning on and step down the funds then probably more importantly like the FRE margin as we go into 2016 and 2017 because I guess 2017 you have kind of a full year both little flagships. But just wanted to get a sense on where that would typically range as the fees are starting to ramp up?
Michael Chae: Yes, I would say overall Mike that sort of, weve lot of visibility on FRE for 2016 based on funds that have been raised and will be activated this year. And the trajectory is really good, its really good. And that is notwithstanding that for example as I mentioned, BCP7 will activate this year sometime early midyear and there is six month holiday and so in fact, the real contribution, substantial contribution from that fund will occur in 2017 when there is a full year effect. So, I make that comment about the trajectory 2016 notwithstanding that and that obviously will help further in 2017. So overall, we feel, weve lot of visibility on that and we feel good about that.
Mike Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Michael Chae: In terms of the margin Mike, I think if you look at kind of historical over the years, last year that the margin as I alluded to was reflected a bit that change in the deferred comp policy but when you sort of adjust for that weve been on a upward march from an FRE margin standpoint for years now, and we believe we can stand.
Tony James: And interesting, I note for the group an interesting  while we raised $94 billion last year and I think I mentioned this year, of course, we dont have, as long as flagship trends come in the market, we still have plenty to do and weve lots of fundraising. But our fee earning AUM getting to your point was up about 14%, 15% last year. We actually think it will be up comparably in 2016 over today, so it continues chug along and part of that is the fundraising cycle, but part of that is when the fees kick on and part of that is deployment and all that play through, theyre very steady rapid in fee earning AUM.
Mike Carrier: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Just to start off with the question more on the more of the macro environment. It seems that if there is a circularity right now in the market place, where China's currently devaluating, U.S. dollar appreciating, oil price is collapsing and equity prices falling. But I guess just how bad is it, what's the contingent risk, what gets us out of this kind of funk here, and what's the real risk to the U.S. economy?
Stephen Schwarzman: I think it's sort of the -- it's always hard to know what everybody thinks, but sort of from trying to feel the consensus has been very negative towards China. And I think that's because people have looked it the way China has built with its securities markets by first of all running them up to unsustainable levels and now having them sort of go down and trying to intercept them on the way down to push and falling. That's been recently unsuccessful and given a bad tone, a bad perception. China is similar with the stop and start on the current team, which really hurt confidence in then on Chinese world. China itself has about 52% of its economy in services, which are growing from what everybody can see in excess of 10%. It got last year it hired 14.4 million people more than they hired when they were growing much faster. Wages, last year were up significantly in China. So, it doesn't have the feel that something that's like certainly in free fall, because it's not. The other sort of 48% of the -- there are Chinese economies having a more mixed picture from sort of declines and in this field business and sort of backing up against building in structure. They've got a lot of infrastructure and so, there is going to have to be some rationalization in that sense. But if you have half of your economy growing at 10+ and the rest is a mixed picture, you're not in a world of hard landings other than the fact that people have lost confidence in some of the policy directions in the market place. So, I think thats a bit overdone. So, as we look at the world, that there's commodity, China grows but half of the world's commodity, and they're not buying this much, although this maybe shocking to you that their purchase of oil in the last year was up 10% and I think most people know that. Not all commodities are down, but the wash through the developing economies of the world has less commodities are bought and the price is sort of really collapsing. Yes. But a lot of minerals mining and that kind of stuff, and structural over supply and people shutting mines and stopping development and that's a long cycle type of approach which will lead to slower growth in the emerging market. It has to, and it's not just emerging markets. It's a country like Canada, for example, which is [indiscernible] resource country. They're not growing, they are some quarters they're in recession. So, we sort of looked at it as sort of a slowing of sort of the world. And the U.S. is experiencing that to some degree. And Europe's being sort of going to stimulation with QE and [indiscernible] on the lot of stuff at Europe. And Europe seems to be pretty solid. As -- might even do 1.5, I dont know. In the U.S. probably ought to do, anybody guess, 1.5 - 2, that's like half of the world. And China is going to do again with what's reported. I dont know whether it's four, five, six, I call it five. And that's 14% of the world. So, you start running out of difficulties, although some of that remaining part is really falling into a bad position whether it's Brazil in recession, Russia in recession. India is doing sort of quite well, they're reporting seven. Some of that's got inflation that just to remit or whatever. So, maybe it's five, 5.5 but India is a pretty big place. So, places that were growing, Columbia thinks it's going to grow 1.5 - 2, but it -- so there is -- it's just a bit of a slower world. And part of the issue why people ask these questions is that some of the stuffs happen too quickly. Like the Doyle, for example, it's just potentially destabilizing certain [indiscernible]. And you saw this morning, that the IMF, now as it for [Joan] [ph], now as of Joan like for years ago and it's really humming. And now they got the IMF visiting and that's what happens with very quick moves. And some of these things will reverse. They dont reverse in one quarter to convenience anybody. But when if you have 20% declines in CapEx going into oil exploration, with a 4% decline curve, do it, do that for a few years and something is going to change, and it will. So, I think we look at all this and say okay, if that's what's going on in the world, where do we play? Where are we worried, where do we play, can we play in sized. We do things better conservative with big upsides, add a lot of value. In certain of our overall businesses are really in great shape, industries we invest in. So, it's not the end of the world. If you look at the stock market, I mean, you have to conclude, it's like the world is ending. Well, I dont think the world is ending. I think we're going through an adjustment and people like ourselves who own long-term things and add enormous value end up at the end of the day being mega winners. That is my view, and it's also because it's imperatively been true and nothing has changed within the firm. That was the capability of people, capital, all the great things that enable you to do this stuff. So, that's sort of how I see these.
Tony James: And I would add that. I think people are over reacting to the stock market. I mean, we had whatever a seven year ball market without a correction. We were like just statistically got to be a way overdue for correction. And the backdrop of the S&P companies' net income is weak, it's been zero. So, fees have got high, I mean. And people look at the average S&P, that's kind of a distortion. Look at the median company in here because the average has dominated, because it's market evaluated by Apple and a few huge names. Look at the median P, and P is high. So, we had a correction, big deal. There's enough going on. I think people are overreacting to that. And I just want to  the implications what Steve said about China are healthier than it feels to people that trade with China, because a lot of where the growth is is internal services part of the economy, which does drive -- doesn't drive their imports or someone else's exports. So, I think a lot of people who they try to trade with China, it feels slower than it really is for that reason.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes. I mean, I was watching [indiscernible] was on and they asked him about Chinese, it is my second biggest market both revenues and profits and think just slowed down a little bit, but it just felt terrific for us. I think that it's a more nuance world, not a simple world.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you, so much, for that answer. If I could ask a quick follow-up on the leverage the financing market comment from earlier, but the market just still open, it seems for you. But I guess just how you think about the risk in terms of credit availability drying up. What parts of your business could be most impacted and also what parts would be least impacted. Because I think there are some areas where you use less leveraging and not much of any financing. Could you just help or think through that and how you manage around that in the environment?
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. Well, I think all of our businesses will earn more money on the new investment they make in that scenario. I think in terms of the private equity business, which is one that people will go to right away and awful lot of what we do things that dont require much leverage because they are growth equity, they're building new infrastructure, and we build us a solar field in Mexico or an offshore windfarm in Germany or things like that. It's they are not leverage driven, obviously. And so, we're not doing, as Michael mentioned, we're not doing a lot of big highly levered public to private. So, we'll let impact us. Yes, I think it'll impact us by giving us more of buying opportunities. But in every environment, since I've in a 25 years or more that I've been doing this, we've always been able to get access to credit, always. And the amount of credit may go down, the source of the credit may go down, structure of the credit may change, but we've always been able to access credit in the private market, that something really, and that's usually more than compensated by the lower prices. And if anyone's going to get credit in that market, it's Blackstone. Now, on the real-estate side, again, real-estate is somewhat impacted, but it had different credit market and we were able to do secured real-estate financings even the depth of the [indiscernible] will still be able to. And so if you're right, that somehow the credit market completely dried up for real-estate, boy that would be interesting again. We got the capital, we got the equity capital. Other buyers won't have access to either the equity or the debt. I would think that would be great long-term. Our credit business again locked up money. They'll be the lender of last resort. They'll be able to basically write senior loans at 20% kind of returns, equity kind of returns. And if you look at what happened with their [indiscernible] returns, they're in the 18% 20% area. So, that will be fantastic for them. So, all-in-all, I just dont -- I think in that scenario by the way you probably have massive [indiscernible] in the stock market too. I dont know how you can have a shutdown credit market and that's some kind of panic associated with it. One thing, is cycled to this stuff. So, what happens is when credit really tightens of its available price just go down is probably was willing to. So, we'll look at something and we were just looking debating something the other day in our tech offices, what's the unleveraged rate of return that we should get for something and so would know credit? We were debating on this one, whether should it be 15, should it be 16, and this is no leverage. So, if you can buy something that make a 15% 16%, as soon as market's [indiscernible] that you're worse scenario comes true. There is just no really credit available and you could set things up at 15, 16. Oh my goodness, this is like nirvana, because credit always comes back and then you put credit on it and you're making like 24% 25%. This is how we got into the real-estate business. In 1992, there was no credit. You couldnt borrow anything. Right? You really couldn't. We went out and started buying real-estate from the RTC and other people, I didnt even know how to price it, and so I just did it at 16. 16 sounded good to me. So, what happened, is that 16 when you put leverage on it, it came like a 24. And in that case, with real-estate, we just filled up the empty units in the buildings and the 24 became like 45% compounded and then rents went up and we made 55%. So, when you enter this type of period, I mean, Tony was pretty joyful, I thought, and excited about it. And as asking the question, you obviously think it's like horrible, which is why you asked the question. But when you live through this game, there is big money to be made and it's not because of the credit thing, you use that credit cycle. And CSO will make tons. All right? Because everybody needs credit. The idea that credit is like an optional in the global economy, credit is not optional. You'll get it at whatever price from whatever the purveyor is, that's got it for you. And then you get way more options, to extent credit. You say for to extent credit. So, it just is unfamiliar to be in that part of the cycle, if you have a monolithic model of how the world works.
Tony James: And specifically as Steve's point. In each of private equity tack ups and real-estate, we've done deals now on the assumption there is credit, to read our turn hurdles. But we're also very confident that somewhere two three years, we'll have credit. So, it's not an issue, I dont think.
Michael Cyprys: Okay, guys. Thanks a lot.
Tony James: Well, we get excited about this stuff.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. I was hoping to get little more color on Hedge Fund Solutions and some of the strategies that are seeing increasing demands currently and then in the fourth quarter?
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. Well, I think the real star there is our Senfina business which is our new sort of proprietary multi-strategy business which has had fantastic returns, we are not allowed to say how fantastic they are, but they are fantastic. And that I think is, we could almost fill an unlimited amount of that number one. Number two, the daily liquidity product we have where we are actually offering institutional quality of returns to individual investors who have been coming out as well, I think we could sell and almost unlimited amount of that right now. And then we are getting some very good responses to our drawdown funds which either by sea capital or by minority stakes and establish fund managers. Those are all sort of hard areas for us. They are all high margin areas for us. And so that's where a lot of the growth is, but in the core hedge fund solution business they continue to raise money, they continue to have money in flow to exceed out flow so I think that's solid as well. And this is the environment where that business shines. That business I mean, it's going to there are risk, there are way to play public markets in the lower risk way much less volatility, 20% to 25% of the volatility they are protected, they are set protect value on the down side, but not quite participate fully to the same degree as the market averages in the up market. So right now, their out performance is sort of really surging.
Joan Solotar: And just one other area, they are actually getting quite a lot of influence in their mutual fund type product.
Stephen Schwarzman: Through the other channel.
Dan Fannon: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan representing JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I appreciate the remarks on the dynamics of the public markets right now. So just understanding that you guys have the ability to be patient, you still have to have a view on when you believe your price objective is going to be met for specific investment, which I assume hasn't pushed out in some cases recently. So you said the capital markets reopen here at current valuation, how do you balance that element of timing on some of the more mature investments today and then related is there an increase in number of positions that we are on a path where an IPO are filed and theyre non-moving to the M&A bucket?
Stephen Schwarzman: All of our investments are always in both the M&A and the IPO bucket and the recap bucket for that matter. There is not a bucket that we put them in, we are a lot of times when we sell some as a dual process, so I dont think any of much changed there. We have a number of investments that frankly we will be happy to execute sales at current prices. So we will continue to take some money off, we have a number of assets that are for sale in the private markets that will move forward. To the extent that delays an exit, I guess what we look at is the return we can earn by waiting and we expect to earn 12% to 15% return each year by waiting. So actually we and our LPs and I actually think our shareholders get richer if we wait.
Devin Ryan: Got it, it's helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alex Blostein: Hey good afternoon guys. I will keep this one real quick. So, in your comments around realized performance use and a chunk of that is being driven by just kind of I call it corn yield or sort of the interest, the coupon essentially you guys are getting on your investments. Any sense to help us size and again just getting back to the question of folks who try to assess the downsize and distributable earnings that would be obviously much stickers part of realized carry or realized incentive fees, any way to size what that was in 2015? And the second part to that I guess as we move forward and I hear your comments on deployment and credit opportunities of the yield that you are seeing right now, should we think of those type of incentive fees kind of I guess growing over the next year or so?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, this is maybe something we should take offline with Joan or Weston, but I will make general comment. The bulk of our sort of low end of the distributable range of about a buck is fee related interim fees. The other stuff adds a little bit to it but it's not - they are no huge dollars. When you get in our realized form of incentive fees, the bulk of that are assets sales, the vast bulk of that.
Alex Blostein: Yes that makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr representing Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: I wonder if you just help fill in blanks throughout the commentary I heard today of the $15.7 billion of capital put to work, I have seen the slides the $5.3 billion in private equity and comments around $2.6 billion in energy in European direct type credit. I am just looking for top down view of like where money is being put to work right now besides things that I just pulled out?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, sorry where it's being put to work now?
Glenn Schorr: Well, I apologize in the fourth quarter?
Michael Chae: Yes Glenn, out of the $15.7, real estate was a bit more than half of that. Private equity segment was kind of 40% and you cited the corporate private equity component of it and then there is pack ups, which was very active as well in SP. And then GSO is the balance at around w0, I call it 20ish percent of that 15.7. And as we talked about the environment as the year went on, it got more and more interesting for them from the mezzanine standpoint as the leverage markets kind of locked up better.
Stephen Schwarzman: That deployment for GSO was an all time record quarter of that.
Glenn Schorr: Okay that's helpful. And then last one, where are we on catch up for BCP5, just market did, what it did in the fourth quarter?
Michael Chae: Yes, there is I know in overtime we had kind of different metrics to measure this, we talked a bit about percentage through the catch up that was around 83%, a couple of quarters ago and down to 73% or so more recently. And right now it's around 70% now maybe a different way to look at it is kind of what portion of our LPs are in full carry versus catch up and that last quarter I mentioned kind of 50:50 now, it's a little less than 50% and will carry little more in catch up so that will move around based on various factors.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Alright, thanks for taking my question. Most of them have been asked, maybe just delving a little bit more on the realization and exit backdrop mostly in both the private equity and real estate segments, just looking into 1Q and 2Q in terms of your pipeline and sort of where the market is, can you do and its a little hard, always hard to do, but somewhat explain the size the potential for both of the segments over the next two quarters as sort of the market sits now for or we can move back up toward 10 billion type of realization trend, are we going down from current portfolio?
Stephen Schwarzman: I really don't want to get into projecting realization type quarter going forward, were opportunistic, we definitely will have realizations in the market at these prices, but if you want to get some more color from that I think Joan or Weston can talk to you.
Weston Tucker: As always we move into a new quarter with some contracted sales that we will close in the first or second quarter so there is that.
Brian Bedell: And do you view more about real estate segment rather than private equity at least right now?
Weston Tucker: Most likely yes.
Brian Bedell: Okay. And then just the follow up on energy, just maybe I have missed this but can you just outline again what you have in energy dedicated dry powder and then energy invested, energy currently invested?
Weston Tucker: I will deal with the dry powder, I think as we mentioned we have $5 billion in private equity of dedicated energy capital and to invest that in every investment that takes about 60% of each investment. Well, today 50, but we will move to 60 so call it somewhere between and the private equity funds take the other 40 to 50 so that you should think of that as $9 billion to $10 billion of dedicated energy capital. And GSO we have a dedicated energy sleeve of about 3.5 billion and there is another billion in  there is another about 1.5 billion in the other products that are associated with that similarly. So it's about $14 billion, $15 billion all in, in terms of dedicated energy and it's virtually all dry powder at this point. In terms of, I am not sure  how much is invested in energy. Michael you want to answer that?
Michael Chae: Yes, I think obviously private equity in credit are the main areas of the firm where there is energy. In credit where energy generally as you know is significant portion of kind of the high yield bond market for us across all of our GSO assets, the percent in energy is sort of in the call it low teens. And in private equity as Tony mentioned we obviously have general funds, the BCP funds and then we BP. BP is of course dedicated to energy but importantly those energy investments are sort of half and half aspects that are E&P, oil and gas assets that are directly affected by those commodity prices. And the other half are in sectors like power and renewable that are not so that's sort of the structure of our holdings in private equity.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler representing William Blair. Please proceed.
Chris Shutler: Hi guys good afternoon. On the new products and innovation front can you maybe just give an update on core P, when we should start here a little bit more about that and then beyond core private equity I know you can't mention specific products, but how many other new products you kind of have in the pipeline ready to launch this year?
Stephen Schwarzman: Core P is a really unique thing. And it's neat because the core plus area in real estate is about three to four times the size of the opportunity market. And our performance across the board and real estate is perhaps the best in the world and has been for very long time. And so, there is enormous potential growth in that business and the deals we have done so far looks like they are really, really attractive from the perspective of our investors. So this is kind of business where it's really like locked in money very long period of time and I have very aggressive expectations for that business, I think I scare all people internally on a regular basis I think that this is we have just done 11 billion in its first two years and it's been a ramp up, we will be able to really hit stride and doing some back of the envelop numbers myself this morning. And because we were looking at projecting sort of growth rate for the firm it's part of the model that I talked to you about. And if we raise when this business is more mature, 10 billion a year or something like that that's almost like a 3% growth in our AUM and we have projected like 8% model it's just like this one product of many products firms. So it's natural for us investors like it, and principally in U.S. we can expand this all around the world and we do have a full of capital. So this is like a wonderful drive to real estate. We have got some other fixed income products looking at its very exciting.
Michael Chae: Yes let me address your question. First of all core P which you asked about, we will finish the fund raising early this year and you should start to hear more about it so to speak, later this year we start to do the first deal. In the number of new products across the firm is probably not a terribly meaningful number where we have got, Id say five to ten really cool new thing, at least one usually several in every major segments and we are working on them all.
Stephen Schwarzman: Its really fun, this is great.
Chris Shutler: Thanks. If you dont mind, Chris asked, since you mentioned earlier but you are looking at other alt managers, traditional managers all the time just if you were to, I mean, would you ever consider buying a traditional manager and if so what would be the main criteria that you would look at?
Stephen Schwarzman: We are sort of having evolved to that level of sophistication yet, but if you were to do something like that theyd have to be like special, it wouldnt just be along only manager because there are interesting numbers on a page. They have to be unusual, they have to have an unusual culture, they have to be something self sustaining, you never want to be buying anything or deleting with anything its just sort of a generic thing that has some interesting numbers that you could achieve. You want to be with the best in an area thats we love that being the best and look at synergies that could work between the business in terms of capital or different types of distribution or something. So, this is not people like ourselves sitting around saying aha, thats a big area lets go buy something. We dont operate that way, we dont operate that way internally and alternatively, we just dont do that. And so, it would be a little of I think needle in a haystack, calling the thing but if we ever did something like that youd say wow! Thats amazing and something really terrific with it. But were not sitting around saying were out of oomph, when the alternative business that weve capped down, once just start wondering just weve got nothing better to do and weve got to manifest destiny to stupidly grow and so thats how we think about it.
Tony James: And I just wanted  accelerate but just because so we dont see the wrong thing. There is hundreds and hundreds lonely managers that have year old interest in and we are looking for something very, very special for looking at all that would be able to sustain superior investment performance, have real synergies, be a leader, be a lead having something very fresh franchise. Im not even sure that exist, these one might be unicorns.
Stephen Schwarzman: So, I wouldnt be sticking around putting one in your report as Blackstone is looking for. If Blackstone stumbles into it, we know it if we saw it, but its not like we are out there hustling around shifting through things and we are about to get surprised.
Chris Shutler: Understood, thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Eric Berg representing RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Eric Berg: Well, thanks very much, thanks for picking me at the end here. Earlier in the call, you in a discussion about the marking to market of the portfolios, you described it as, if I took away the correct impression as being anchored by DCF but sort of mindful of whats going on in the public market, ignore the public markets but they are not certainly the sole or may not even be the principal driver. And so, my question is this given that the cash flow, the EBITDA of the company, the portfolio companies and the real estate is improving, why conceptually did the mark and the associated unrealized incentive income and carried interests in the December quarter, why was it improved from the September quarter although those numbers were still negative pretty much across the company, if the value of the business is hanging in there on the properties why did the marking and associated incentive income numbers remain negative?
Michael Chae: I think there are couple of things Eric, first you have to take into account, if you are looking at realized and unrealized, if you look at total performance fees. And obviously, when we realize things there is sort of the uplift if you will of unrealized going into realized.
Eric Berg: I was actually talking about unrealized only.
Michael Chae: Right. But every time you sell asset your unrealized goes down, correct?
Eric Berg: Yes. Fair enough, thanks a lot.
Michael Chae: That is what I mean by flip and that is in those numbers because we had another good realization quarter and that when could strip all that out we had positive appreciation and not as high as in some prior quarters and so thats why you get a quantum of positive economic income that is positive, but maybe lower in amount than in some earlier time.
Weston Tucker: Eric, this is Weston, its the total performance fee that has to deal with the mark on the asset, not the unrealized performance.
Eric Berg: Yes, thank you for that.
Weston Tucker: Okay. Thanks everybody for your time today, if you have follow-ups please give me a call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2015 Investor Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Miss. Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of Multi-Asset Investing and External Relations. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Terrific, thank you, jasmine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for Blackstone's third quarter 2015 conference call. I'm joined by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO, Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael Chae, Our newly appointed Chief Financial Officer and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. So, earlier this morning we issued the press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results and that's available on our website and we expect to file the 10-Q due in the next few weeks. Sufficed to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We don't undertake any duty to update the forward-looking statements and for a discussion of some of the risk that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section thats in our 10-K. We will refer to non-GAAP measures and you will find the reconciliations for those on the press release. And I would like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without our consent. So, just a very quick recap, we reported Economic Net Income or ENI per unit of negative $0.35 for the third quarter due to the unrealized marks on our public holdings in private equity real estate and credits. And for the year-to-date period, we reported positive ENI of the $1.45 per unit. Distributable earnings were $692 million in the quarter or $0.58 per common unit that's up 7% from the prior year, as realization activity was strong and we will be paying a distribution of $0.49 per common unit that to unit holders of record as of October 26, 2015 that brings us to $2.90 paid over the past 12 months, which if you want to calculate it equates to a pretty compelling yield of 9% on the current stock price, which makes it actually one of the highest yields of any large companies in the world. And with that I'm going to turn it over to Steve and well take questions after Steve and Michaels speak and I just want to remind you to please keep it to one question on the first round, because we have a lot folks on the call. Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning and thanks for joining the call and thanks Joan. The third quarter as you know was a turbulent period for global markets, with sharp declines and heightened volatility in basically every publically traded asset class. Volatility in the U.S. stock market for example, reached its highest level in four years. Markets have moved as though the world is heading into a recession with the very least that the world is facing and enhanced risk of slowing growth. From our prospective, we do not see a recession, but we are seeing slowing in certain regions and sectors with some excess coming out of markets. Here in the United States with the dollar up 10% to 25% versus many other currencies around the world, we've effectively experienced the fed rate hike without actually having with. With that said, we are seeing lots of positive sign as well. Restricted building in real estate around the world we would supply often below demand. Housing in the U.S. is strong and expected to get stronger. Office leasing is good; the auto and tech sectors are healthy and low oil price too should be good for the consumer. In the lodging space, which has been one of the hardest hit sectors this year in terms of public market evaluations, revenue trends actually remain quite strong. With the industry RevPAR estimated at around 6% year-over-year, which certainly is not reflective of recessions and I find it's very surprising in terms of a public markets evaluation. Overall, we see good growth in the U.S. perhaps slowing a bit from 2014 levels. While Europe appears to have bottomed is growing slightly faster than we anticipated. Emerging markets, India is in very good shape growing at over 7%, while China is definitely slowing, but still growing faster than much of the world and certainly faster than the dooms day scenarios, I sometimes see on television. Brazil is facing significant challenges and a serious recession, but its becoming more interesting as an investment opportunity ironically as it weakens. In Japan, stimulus appears to be working to slow growth expected for next year. Easier generalization however, and our holdings are not reflective of a markets, we carefully select sectors and companies and then implement a specific plan to improve those companies and create value and thats what gives us the super performance we've had historically. Against this backdrop of significant public market weaknesses, Blackstones ENI was negatively impacted, as the value of our public holdings declined and I think Tony gave you this. Importantly, these declines historically have been temporary. With locked in capital in our drawdown funds, we are never fore sellers and can write out any period of volatility. Already in the fourth quarter, our publics have read down sharply up 7.3% and based on where they are today our ENI of course would have been significantly higher. Most importantly the growth of our underlying portfolio companies and the long-term value of our holdings continue to build just as the stock market says just the opposite. In private equity our company has reported aggregated EBITDA growth of 9% year-over-year thats 9% year-over-year, doesn't quite match what the stock market thinks. In real estate our companies continue to see strong fundamental across the board, including high single growth in office rents in the U.S. and the UK and healthy hotel RevPAR growth. In India which is one of the hottest office leasing markets in the world, we're seeing 17% rent growth on new leases and our Chinese shopping malls, which will shock you are reporting same store sales growth in the area of 15% to 16%. Global recession, go figure. So overall, we are not seeing recessionary signs in the portfolio and we feel very good about our current investments. All of this positive performance underlying companies simply does not square with the large declines we've seen in several of the stocks nor in the decline of Blackstones stocks. Volatility yields however, ultimately good for our business, a little bit painful from time-to-time. We are uniquely positioned to take advantage of dislocations. We've seen the public markets correct many times before and as always, it represents the potential for greater deal flow with favorable risk adjusted returns. We have the confidence of our Limited Partner investors and we've raised nearly $100 billion in new capital in the past 12 months. Just think about that that is a stunning number giving us the industry's largest dry powder balance at a time of significant market dislocation. We have great flexibility in how and where we can invest, depending on the environment, it's a good thing. For example, in real estate, as public REITs declined 15% and lodging REITs went down unbelievably 30% peak-to-trough as well as some individual companies, we pivoted to public to private transactions. We've already announced three this year. Representing over $5 billion of invested or committed equity capital that's for getting into the debt side of the deal which is infinitely bigger off course. With the largest pool of opportunistic capital globally by far, we dont need partners and we can move with the speed and certainty to close the largest transactions in the world. In private equity, where it's been more difficult to invest recently because of high prices, the pull back in markets broadly is helpful to the extent that financing becomes less available, we can continue to pursue proprietary transactions with well defined value creation strategies and less leverage at the outset. Easy credits, the opposite of what you think tends to simply drive pricing higher, which benefits the seller, but not us when we are buying. For GSO the recent increase in spreads combined with the lack of liquidity and high yield generally, means greater opportunity to deploy our $17 billion in dry powder, which includes new dedicated energy and direct lending funds. In terms of our existing portfolio, we've taken a cautious approach towards rates and concentrated on floating rate exposures, not fixed rate, positioning us well in the current investment environment. For BAAM our hedged fund complex, we can selectively invest in difficult markets to produce strong risk adjusted returns. BAAM's lower volatility approach to investing has produced positive returns year-on-year, outperforming the S&P and many other market indexes. BAAM continues to be an engine of innovation at the firm - the firm itself is like an innovation machine creating successful scale products such as our new Multi Manager Hedge Fund. This fund is off to a terrific start raising $1.4 billion and substantially outperforming its peers and any relevant index through September 3. In terms of realizations given the long-term and locked up nature of our drawdown funds with no redemptions, we dont have to sell at the wrong time and while our sustained weakness in public markets might delay certain dispositions in the near-term that public markets alone do not dictate realizations, the way many people think they do. We rely also on strategic and private sale opportunities and we have several that will close in the coming quarters which Michael Chae will describe in more detail driving healthy expected realizations, in other words the perception that our coverage will run dry is misplaced. It's misplaced, some of you still believe it, you are wrong. Even with the recent market volatility we've returned as Tony mentioned $9 billion to our investors through realizations in the third quarter alone and $45 billion in the past 12 months and that is clearly not a melting ice cube. We've been both raising and deploying record amounts of capital into what we believe are very attractive opportunities across all of our businesses. This is not the result of raising investing bigger and bigger funds, but rather having broader more global platforms and capabilities. In real estate for example, our Core Plus business has already invested nearly $3 billion this year, helping to put real estate on track for another record year of deployment and Core Plus is a business that didnt even exist here two years ago. Our average investment pace over the past four years exceeds $20 billion per year. From our drawdown funds alone which is multiples of the investment pace that planted the original seeds for what you see as todays quite good level of distribution areas that are our strongest levels ever. The logic holds that if you believe in our ability to invest well and we've proven that over 30-years and our LP's believe it obviously. And you should believe today's investments are planting the seeds for potential distributions of a larger order of magnitude than what we are harvesting today, it's all logical. From a BX stock perspective, the firm has demonstrated an incredible ability to generate high levels of current cash flow for our unit holders. With sustained growth over time and I am confident this will continue through any reasonable market and economic backdrop. To maintain an above average distribution yield on today's depressed stock price, the medium yields, the S&P is around 2%, we dont need any realizations for us to have a 2% yield which is average to the S&P. That's no realizations whatsoever. We generate more with just our fee earnings most of which is locked in. We generate a top docile 4% yield. We would need to realize $0.60 per unit in net performance fees from our nearly $250 billion of performance fee eligible AUM, this is far below our long-term expectations. By comparison in the past year, we've generated $2.30 per year in net realized performance fees. So, we're generating 25% of last year's performance fees gets us to the top decile of yield for the S&P companies. It doesn't sound so hard, anything can always happen my General Council would say, but it seems pretty reasonable to me. As evidenced by the recent declines in stocks including Blackstones, it is clear that the public markets really don't take the long view. At Blackstone that's all we do and I believe that's why our firms have outperformed the public markets since inception typically at about double, the S&P return in our high performance products. This month, as Tony mentioned is Blackstone's 30th anniversary. The firm has comes a long way in the past 30-years from our $400,000 in startup capital half of which was mine to the market cap of $52 billion earlier this year. That's not a bad rate of return. We've built the strongest brand in a alternative space by delivering consistently strong returns through the use of our unique intellectual capital and ability to analyze market cycles and select successful strategies to benefit our customers. Our brand allows us to raise large scale capital for basically any investment opportunity that we see around the world now. While the past 30-years have brought much success for Blackstone. I'm most excited for what I think is in store. The firm is getting better and better, we have remarkable people here and great processes. I am confident in the long-term trajectory of our business and our ability to outperform overtime driving significant benefits to our unit holders and to the people who work at the firm. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. I'm going to turn thing over to our new Chief Financial Officer, Michael Chae. For many of you this was your first opportunity to interact with Michael, for those of us who have been here for a long time, we worked with Michael closely for 18-years. He is a tremendously talented individual and is already off to a great start. As you get to know Michael, I think you will come to understand that our company is in great hands in the finance area. And part of the fun of Blackstone is that people grow and they get new responsibilities and when we know them and trust them, and we think they are super smart that's the way to grow a great firm. So now with that big build up, your mother will be very happy with Michael. All right, go for it.
Michael Chae: Thank you, Steve. Good morning to everyone. With respect to our financial results, performance and outlook, I would like to cover a three key areas. First, digging into our ENI results a bit more and putting in context. Second, highlighting key performance strength in the business and finally discussing the outlook for distributable earnings and the cash generating power of the business. So, first on ENI. The driver of the negative ENI result for the quarter was the decline in our public holdings and the associated unrealized performance fee reversals. As you know, unrealized performance fees and unrealized investment income are two of the key components of ENI. These unrealized metrics are driven by the change in markets between two days, the first day and the last day to quarter and our snapshot based upon that beginning and endpoint. As Steven mentioned, in the brief period since quarter end, our publics in both corporate private equity and real estate have depreciated over 7% as of yesterday's close and the effect of that is the largely reverse of the ENI decline in the third quarter, in the first two weeks of the fourth quarter. Now this is not to minimize ENI as a metrics, especially over longer measurement periods, but the step back and put it in context over the shorter term, particularly during volatile periods. We also want to highlight the effect of the BCP V catch-up, which amplifies the ENI impact of the markdown in our public positions. The substantial portion of the overall decline in the firms economic income came from the impact of the catch-up and BCP V, which declined 7% in the quarter due entirely to its publics, which now comprise about 59% of that funds value. The fund overall has performed very well, particularly given us advantage and end of the third quarter marked at 1.8 times regional cost. BCP Vs publics are up meaningfully so far in the fourth quarter and we feel good about the fund position. With that of context, in terms of reviewing specific ENI drivers within the overall publics movement, two contributors for our sales and positions and the energy area, both traded down in the quarter along with much of the lodging sector. We continue to feel great about the company and indeed the stock has bounced back since quarter end. In energy, again it was largely about public positions and similarly since quarter end we've seen meaningful rebound in the public prices of certain positions. Looking past to headline ENI number, trend in the business remain very healthy as Steve described. AUM, total AUM rose 17% over the last 12 months for a record $334 billion as $97 billion of inflows in capital raised plus market appreciation of $12 billion well outpaced capital returned in that period to investors of $60 billion. The strong growth is broad based across all businesses. Investment performance, the comparativeness and growth of our firm begins and end with investment performance. Our overall investment performance so far this year has been strong on an absolute basis and relative to broader markets industries we have delivered quite extraordinary outperformance. Our private equity segment funds are up 8% for the first nine months of the year and our real estate opportunistic funds are up 9% versus declines in the S&P and other global industry as well real estate industry this represents outperformance of 1400 to 1800 basis points and is up 3% year-to-date versus a 3% decline in the global hedge fund index, outperformance of 600 basis points. And our credit strategies are also outperforming their benchmarks across their broad array of strategies. Our balance sheet is strong with $4.2 billion of cash, corporate treasury and liquid investments. We have $5.25 per unit of total cash liquid and illiquid business. Our outstanding GAAP has attractive cost and a very long dated maturity structure, of weighted average maturity of 15-years. Both S&P and Fitch recently affirmed our A+ credit rating. Let me now turn to the distributable earnings picture, and shed some light on the engines firing our cash generation. In addition to reviewing the recent strong DE performance, Ill talk about a few different drivers of the outlook for cash generation, the near-term distribution picture, the FRE dynamic around the business and the performance fee outlook. First in terms of the quarter and year-to-date, our realization activity has remained very strong helping drive year-over-year growth in distributable earnings in the quarter notwithstanding the markets for total DE of $692 million in the quarter and $0.58 of DE per common unit, which represents an increase of 7% versus the third quarter of last year. The quarter contributed to a record $2.97 billion of DE year-to-date, 54% higher than same period last year and to DE of $4.1 billion over the last 12-months. Looking forward our realization pipeline is fairly robust and I expect a favorable fourth quarter for distributable earnings, based solely on what is already been signed and announced. This includes the sale of a vintage which closed on October 1, the pending closing as of the announced sales of Allied Barton, SunGard, Vivint Solar and some of our office properties in Boston. There are other potential asset sales in process and of course market condition permitting we would evaluate secondary offerings of certain publics. So thats the near-term tactical outlook for DE and realizations. Now let me step back and talk a bit about of the fundamental drivers, because the fundamental driver first in structural position in the firm to produce cash for our shareholders over time are very, very strong. First with respect to fee related earnings. Our FRE for the quarter was $266 million of 12% over last year and just over $1 billion over the last 12-months. Now as we find ourselves in a period of public market volatility that can cause swains in our marks and in ENI which we're focusing on the mass and stability of the substantially locked in recurring Fees generating base of the firm. It puts us in perspective, last time we saw a quarter with similar downward pressure in public markets that weighed heavily on the ENI was in the third quarter of 2011and our current fee related earnings are nearly double now what they were back then and thats because fee earning AUM of the firm is $241 billion now versus $133 billion than over $100 billion higher. This large stable base of fees is an extraordinary asset of and balance for the firm in all markets. Furthermore, we have significantly embedded near and medium term growth in fee revenues from funds that have been raised that are not yet contributing - management fees. As you know our eight global real estate fund was activated this year and will experience its first quarter of full fees in the current quarter and first year of full fees in 2016. Our seventh larger private equity fund is expected to activate in 2016 and well experience its first year of full fees we expect in 2017. Projecting forward to combined management fee revenue stream from these two funds and their immediate predecessor funds, we anticipate incremental management fee revenues in 2017 of $200 million to $250 million over the current year base of approximately $450 million for just those funds. This is about one example but a significant one of the structural embedded growth in our fee base. Turning to performance fee drivers going forward, we know a key question on the investors minds is, what will future harvest would be like? Well the sources of the current and future harvest we believe are rich and deep. I would think about these drivers in three parts; first are mature liquid and vintages, just over half of our net accrued performance fee receivable is from vintages 2010 and prior and 90% of these are public and are liquidated. Consider these as producing proven results so to speak in terms of having been a well established and continuing source of realizations. The firm has over $24 billion of public market cap across its provided equity in real estate portfolios of a large portion from these older vintages. Second is our more recent last five year vintages, these portfolios are fundamental strong and performing well as exemplified by the returns of the major fund for the time period. Perhaps seven conceptions to date net IRR of 24%, BREP Europe IVs 21%, BEP 20% and BCP6 is 12% with that fund continuing to appreciate through a J-curve with a realized IRR of 47%. We believe our teams chose well and selectively in a prices year of vintage period, and value these investments and seasoning steadily but the ultimate realized will carry potential we believe is not reflected in the current marks nor in performance fee receivable on the balance sheet. And were seeing proof of that and then the ability to generate monetization events even in the younger portfolio in very recent IPO's in the last two weeks of company's like Scout24 and Intertrust. This public market values imply approximately at 2.4 times our invested capital in aggregate on the 1.5 and 2.5 year old investments, and represent premium over the prior year private marks. We anticipate that these more recent vintages will be steadily coming into their own in terms of monetization, realization events for a while to come. Finally, the third driver of performance fees is from the deployment of the $85 billion of the dry powder we have amassed. The average lockup period on this capital is nine years, which is at the heart of the fundamental advantage of our business model to be able to patiently tack opportunities and sell only at the right times. We are extraordinarily positioned in massive scale with our strategy need to be deployed opportunistically in times of dislocation and volatility. Our [Technical Difficulty] is at record level. The $25 billion deployed over the past 12-months, $6.5 billion deployed in the third quarter and $11 billion currently committed, but not yet funded. With much of this recently committed and our ability to do so, directly benefitted by the volatility in the market. So like Steve, I feel very good about the underlying momentum of the business, the deployment environment and our ability to generate robust distributable earnings for our unit holders over the long term. We have a significant base performance fee generating assets with great diversity across vintage year and asset class. In addition, our management fee base continues to grow in size and diversity ultimately driving an upward trajectory in fee earnings. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, our advisory segment will no longer be included in our financials following completion of the spin on October 1. So we will no longer have that segments to contribution or earnings, which was approximately $0.6 ENI per unit in our last fiscal year. It comprised in the area of 3% affirm DE overtime and so from a financial contribution point of view we feel our growth will absorb this effect fairly readily. So before closing, I feel great about Blackstone's position and our ability to fly through any environment. I look forward to working with all of you going forward. Thank you for joining our call and we would like to open it up now for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Joan Solotar: And Just a reminder, if you could keep it to one question on the first round, we're happy to answer all your questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I know this question may sound a little premature but how do you think about the capacity constraints on the individual investor hedge fund products especially given their fast ramp this year?
Tony James: Craig, its Tony. There is obviously some capacity limitations to our individual hedged fund products, but were a long away from testing those right now. We set up that product with fidelity and because of exclusivity arrangements we sort of mimicked it actually, so we've shown we can replicate it already, so if anyone of those products runs out in capacity we can sort of recreate a look alike and I think we can scale that business quite substantially overtime.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
William Katz: Okay, thanks so much. I Appreciate all the color, Michael as well. Thank you. So there has been I think some uncertainty about what is going on with some of the sovereign wealth funds. I think this industry has been quite a big beneficiary of a lot of growth coming out of the sovereign wealth funds. Can you frame your exposure to some of the sovereign wealth funds, what you might be seeing in terms of any kind of liquidation or redemption pressure and more broadly what you are seeing in the institutional channel for incremental demand?
Steve Schwarzman: I think the Sovereign wealth fund group is divided into sort of two categories, one are the ones that are mostly affected typically by the oil business and the all else group is continuing to enter some are first time investors in our asset class and some of those funds would be very, very substantial to new investors and the assets classes. So it's sort of businesses as usual with that group and the other group of the energy oriented economies had mixed approaches as we've not nearly dealt with redemptions and things of that type, because what's also going on in that group as well as the non oil people is that they are increasing their allocations to alternatives and then within alternatives they are increasing their allocations to their best performing managers and were sort of it. And so we dont experience a lot of problem, the biggest issue is with the oil oriented Sovereign is that some of them are not increasing their aggregate money in their funds, which means that for us to grow with them, we either have yet to take share, which is happening, but even some of them interestingly are significantly increasing their share of alternatives, because of the performance characteristics. So we're not really feeling the affect of anything particularly major, and in fact we are growing in that asset group.
Joan Solotar: And on other point, as you know, two thirds of the capital we have is locked up for life of asset or life of fund and we've just raised the flagship product. So on that two-thirds, the average life remaining is like nine years.
Steve Schwarzman: The other thing, I would mentioned is that in terms of taking more share in both of these categories, oil and non-oil sovereigns that were in case in a number of discussions which is quite interesting where they want to very significantly increased their exposure and they are talking about not multibillion dollar commitments to as appose to just commitments on single fund. So, it's quite an interesting area and an important area and a growing area for us, just the opposite of what the underlying assumption was I think of your question.
Tony James: And I'll put one more fact in there. The most sophisticated investors in the U.S. really looking endowment have about 50% of their assets in alternatives. Both pensions have 20 to 25 sovereigns is still way behind that have a long way to go.
William Katz: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alexander Blostein: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. As a follow-up to the distribution discussion and the outlook there, understanding that it is obviously pretty difficult to predict with a lot of precision on what realizations will look like. But if we take a step back and think through just a more stressed capital markets scenario whether or not it is more difficult to exit the equity markets or via M&A transactions, which businesses do you expect to contribute the most in that scenario to your realized investment income and incentive income businesses just to help us again gauge what potential downside could be? Because the offside case is clearly could be quite significant but I think the market is just more concerned on the downside problem.
Steve Schwarzman: This is Steve. And we'll have an open discussion with Mike and Tony on this one, because it's an interesting question. I think the real estate sector will power on in that environment. The only difficulty that sector would have would be access to capital that would slow it down at the moment that does not appear to be happening, the leverage sector, the price and availability in some kind of mix affected certainly on the junk side less on bank debt. Real estate will continue and all probability quite strong because their exits are not typically through public offerings, they are through sales of individual properties or groups properties. And the supply demand characteristic in real estate in many, many places around the world is very good. So, what you would need to really negatively impact that is just literally - recession, huge number of sort of non-performing loans, generally so that banks wouldnt be financing, capital market is sort of locked up and turned off and then the time for anybody to do business. The number of times that that's an area, what happens is quite well, which usually around I thought just to not study but just sort of do it by fields like once every ten years something like that happened, relatively brief period of time. So, I think, we've got a very good situation there if you're asking us what would be part of the business that would be least successful.
Tony James: Even then, if you don't get over building in real estate then you're going to have a lot of values and so to get over building you have to have an extended good part of the cycle before you come to that otherwise and absolutely people will need more space and rents go up and you get to leverage on the operating income. So, even in higher interest rent environments in that scenario without over building real estate holds its value.
Michael Chae: And I would just chime in on that in real estate and agreeing with Steve and Tony that there has been a bifurcation recently between the public market performance where there has been a pullback and the private cap rate environment the real estate assets which has remained very strong and we're in the market with some assets, we continue to see strong interest apparently unaffected by the public market turmoil. And as Steve alluded to and particularly in the real estate business, we can sort of buy wholesale and sell retail, we can buy big enterprises, but then sale individual assets in smaller chunks to those private buyers.
Tony James: The other thing is if we get economic softness, we should have low rates and at some point even if you can exit the private equity company in the IPO market or into the M&A margin, then you have the advantage of recast where we can - as long as our companys continue to perform which they are with the EBITDA of 9% this year thats a great performance, I mean none of us lose hyper there. Those companies delever quickly in that and with growing EBITDA you can yourself some nice dividend. So the credit markets are certainly half of the equity markets in this whole sustaining distribution question. And meanwhile its definite, on private equity in the phase is obviously quite choppy markets from last few weeks. We did successfully executed three IPOs in the last three weeks. So that [indiscernible] markets they are not closed, they are opened from time-to-time for good companies and so.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes and thats because performance of those companies was really terrific and people like to buy terrific things and if thats what you have on order what the heck works out.
Alexander Blostein: Yes, got it. Thanks so much for taking the time answering the questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: Thanks, good morning. So you have a greater skew to public holdings than you did just a couple of years ago and it seems to make your ENI a little bit more correlated to public markets than in the past. So I guess just more strategically, how are you thinking about balancing your portfolio exits from here? Do you want to be more skewed toward strategic sales as opposed to IPOs, perhaps reduce some of the volatility in your ENI? Separately, how do you balance some of the strategic exits, potential challenges whether it could be a larger portfolio sale which could be maybe more challenging to do or even some of the antitrust concerns that have come up with some strategic sales recently?
Michael Chae: Mike let me just hit the first couple, its Michael Chae and nice talking to you, I'll hit the first couple of parts of your question. First one in terms of public component of our portfolios, I did allude to BCP5 which obviously is a quite mature fund at 59% public, but for real estate overall their portfolio the public component that is in the low 20% and for private equity overall it's about third and thats obviously concentrated in BCP V. So when you step back thats still the balance around it. And I would say certainly so something you alluded to, we dont manage our exists to ENI, were patient and we manage our exists as we have for 30-years against what the right moment and how to optimize the outcome of our limited partners.
Tony James: And let me chime in a couple of things too, number of times, when we go public we actually dont exit very much. So it's important to keep that in mind and a lot of times once the company is public we can actually exist either with subsequent equity sales or as a strategic sale of the whole company, sometimes we go public and then sell the company. So as Michael says all were trying to do is exist in the best way at the best time for our limited partners and drive underling investments, underling investment returns that are actually realized. The mark-to-market return quarter-to-quarter we dont worry about.
Steve Schwarzman: And actually this isnt so hard, all right? You do what the market will give you, if you have a hard equity market you take companies public and you make money that way, if those markets arent so good you dont worry about it, because our businesses typically dont need the capital, weve got like almost an infinite ability to find these companies. And then you just sell them if the sale market is good and if not you recap them and you make money that way. So we just sort of go with the flow if you will.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to flip it around to deployment, obviously with the markets pulling back late in the third quarter, how are you feeling about that going into the fourth quarter? I know we have had some rebound here of course but maybe if you want to comment on some of the specific sectors particularly energy, also overseas and in real estate in terms of putting some of the $85 billion of dry powder to work in the near to intermediate term?
Tony James: Yes. Well energy is a major area of focus both in our credit markets and - in our credit business and in our equity business. So that jumps to mind when you sit back and the world say where is there distress, where is their value and thats clearly while there are certainly risks and certainly issues, I think we feel pretty comfortable that the energy is not going to be down here forever and so that there is a opportunity create value and capture value with the companies that can get through this. And energy is a subset of broader commodity, there are other commodity areas I would say the same thing about. Real estate, we are putting a lot of money to work in Europe still, there is still a lot of ability to buy it below replacement cost there, those markets - the capital markets of real estate has not really recovered. Here obviously we are trying to arbitrage the difference between fairly robust values asset-by-asset, but public REIT stock that have been hit with the market drops overall. So thats created some values were focused on that obviously with two big transactions we have announced recently. I think we are also doing a lot of looking around sort of new build, building new stuff particularly power asset around the world, lot of world needs electric power whether that be traditional power plants or whether that be renewable and the infrastructure that goes to move gas, to move oil, to move electricity and all of that stuff we can build that - our money goes in and cost goes in and book value and as long as the underlying economics of the projects are good, we know we are going to get our return on that and its decoupled from market movements. So we got $85 billion and it sounds like a lot, but we are also putting to work a lot, I think we've put to work - I think we mentioned about 16.5 we have put to work in the last year - I'm sorry year-to-date and we've got another 10 thats committed and not even drawn down yet, so just this year with just what we've got on the plate thats already like $25 billion. So I think we will able to make some really good investments in here.
Michael Chae: Yes, if I could chime in, as Tony mentioned that 10.7 or close to $11 billion are currently committed but undrawn, much of increase I think its a good a metric for the opportunity side improving. I would say for real estate and a credit business for last couple of months, there has been a tangible I would say shift in the deployment environment and a good one in terms of the ability to be opportunistic and find more opportunities for sure. And I think in Private equity these things tend to take a little while to season a little bit longer, but I can tell you my partner Joe Baratta is happy feet when he sees markets pullbacks from the prospect of being an investor. Market pullbacks we thinking and volatility are ultimately good for creating good private equity deals, it takes time, but I would say even in private equity or as well in private equity there are number of situations where some months ago we felt like we are priced out of the situation, but that now they are coming back in line as actionable opportunities.
Brian Bedell: Great thats a great color. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Kaimon Chung: Hi thanks. This is Kaimon Chung for Glenn Schorr. Just want to get an update on the progress of core plus real estate. Also just wondering how long before core private equity rolls out? Can you run that just with your existing infrastructure and any color on that would help. Thanks.
Tony James: Well Core Plus real estate we are about $8.5 billion, there is a lot of investments and there is a lot of transactions. We try to kind of balance those two things, we try to take in money when we've got our sites on money to put to works, so I think that will continue and grow steadily and well. Core private equity were really doing - we dont need much new infrastructure at all and were kind of in the process of assembling capital for that we have a couple of transactions were looking at, but nothing were about to announce.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Daniel Fannon: Thanks could you guys update us with regards of BCP5 as to where we sit in the catch up period I think there is a gap between ENI and DE and just I assume they went opposite direction this quarter, but can you give us where you are at that as of the end of the quarter?
Michael Chae: Yes Dan, it's Michael. I think in previous call we've used this par once of you know what percent where through catch up and I think in last call we talked about 84% on a unrealized and realized basis. That same metric would be about 73% today, but I think it maybe the simplest way to think about it frankly is about half of our BCP5 LPs by value are whole carry, including all the BCP, ACLP and about half of the catch up mode. And overtime with hopefully more appreciation more will go from the catch up walking into fully carry bucket. So I tend to think about it that ways as appose to what kind a percent through the catch up.
Daniel Fannon: Great thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from a line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Michael Carrier: Thanks, everyone. Just had a question on both credit and energy and I hear your comments on the portfolio company and in terms of the outlook versus people worried about a recession. But I guess in both areas just given that they were under pressure during the quarter, if you can give an update in energy what your current - I don't if you look at it from a private equity standpoint things that you have invested maybe prior to 2013 versus the capital that is raised to be deployed or the opportunity to take advantage of the pressures. And then anything on the credit side and when I think about the private equity business like the average leverage or the maturity of the debt that is in these companies like how stable are they versus maybe past cycles? And then same thing on the credit side how much dry powder do you have available to take advantage of certain industries that might come under pressure? I know it is a long question but just a couple of areas that I feel like we keep getting questions on.
Steve Schwarzman: Michael do you want to start on that?
Michael Chae: Sure. Look I think was the respect to energy certainly first from an opportunity standpoint both are second energy fund which was activated within the year and our new opportunities which we call [ESOC] (Ph) in GSO. Both I think show a great discipline by not deploying capital in that first half of the year where it turned out there was a bit of the false dawn in the sector. So between the two event, they stand with a combined something like $7.5 billion to $8 billion of new dry powder, just facing to that opportunity sets. I think from a exposure standpoint we feel good about it, our private equity fund as we've talked about in past calls we think did a nice job divesting assets particularly ones directly impacted by oil prices and today the exposure to companies directly affected by oil prices we think is manageable, its about a fifth of the portfolio, they have done a excellent job putting in hedging. I think importantly the vast majority of our investments in BEP are not highly levered, they are investments with little or no leverage going in and so compared to some of the more infamous large deals in the sector if you will in the past few years, it's that distinct difference. So and I think on the
Steve Schwarzman: And they are still marked above cost.
Michael Chae: Thats right and on the credit side, we obviously have different kinds of investments and exposures in energy and GSO, energy investments or private drawdown funds and then liquid investments or hedged funds in our BDC and certainly energy credit in terms of the industrys overall has took a beating in the third quarter and so from a mark-to-market perspective that's going to impact to some degree some more portfolios, but overall I noted just when we showed in our investing strategy earlier in the year. We feel good about that and we feel good about our overall portfolio.
Steve Schwarzman: One thing just to mention I guess is that our first energy fund is despite just the collapse of the oil business is so up approximately 25% to 26%, this is not what you would call a national tragedy and there are many people who have gotten severely damaged in this sectors and we've done quite well.
Michael Chae: Yes, just to clarify the 26% is the IRR it's actually 2.5 times multiple of money for investors so as Steve says they are happy.
Steve Schwarzman: It's pretty amazing right and I was at a conference yesterday with lot of LT's and the people have put money out in the first six months of this year, and its hard not to do that but our people put out really and is great disciplined, wow I mean people got crushed, it really got destroyed and part of what you do with our businesses is you dont do things where you think there is real risk and I think will be well rewarded deploying our money at the right time.
Tony James: Obviously we had in the credit side some investments in companies that had a lot of leverage that are suffering, I mean I dont want say we've did flawless on this we havent and we've also taken some - in private equity we had a bigger write ups than we have today, so we've written some of the write ups down a little bit were still ahead of the curve, but we could definitely give them back some value on a temporary basis, but I think that the strength of the company and our conviction that as I say that this is not - today's spot prices are not long-term energy prices and I think if I'm right about that we wanted some very nice return for our investors and we've been very careful also in investing companies that are unlevered as Michael said or have plenty of liquidity to ride through the next couple of years to prove ourselves right, we are not making speculative bets that require quick bounces in energy prices.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Luke Montgomery: Hi, thank you. So I think there is a tendency to view the accrued carry balances as a key indicator of where distributions are headed. It has declined about 25% in the last two quarters I think clearly a key driver of that has been BCP V and the catch-up. My question is whether you think the focus on that metric is appropriate and how concerned you think we ought to be about the trajectory of the balance and accrued carry as we are thinking through what our distributions could step down over the intermediate term? I think finally maybe an answer to the question would be approximately how much better might the balance look today versus at the end of the third quarter?
Michael Chae: So Luke, it's Michael. in terms of the receivables, as you know when we have in the 8-K the vast majority of the decline quarter-over-quarter was from BCP V and BREP VI to break that down for you little bit, about a third of that decline was just from realizations, and of the remainder to your later question about half of that decline has now been on a mark-to-market basis been made up by the rally in the public from the last two weeks. So, without maybe directly entering your question about what I think of the deep meaning of this metric, because I think it isnt into metric, maybe what I just described could give you a sense of how you have to put it in context
Luke Montgomery: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed.
Michael Kim: Hey guys good morning. Maybe more of a conceptual question just given the more recent underperformance of the stock and the alternative asset managers more broadly. Just curious if you are thinking on the PTP structure has evolved at all? And that related to that, any sense that the chatter around potential tax changes for publicly traded partnerships has maybe started to pick up a bit more these days?
Tony James: I think it's a political season and there used to be 19 candidates on the Republican side and I guess I watched what was it four or five of them on Democratic side, everybody has got a point of view and you have to distinguishes yourself in the crowd and there are the lot of different ways to do it. One of the ways is obviously to look at different kinds of businesses, asset classes, tax approaches and so forth, and we see the same stuff that you see and we also see sort of a very complex congressional array and some people dont want to do anything under any circumstances and some people who will do almost thing to anybody at any time. And so I think, we're just sort of like a cautious interested observers and I don't know that there is any way you could sort of handicap what's going on, it's very difficult. So, we'll see what happens, runs the gamut from overall tax reform which can take a whole variety of different things and to targeted things against our industry which some people in favor of and this is only been going on now for eight years. And so I think we just take an active watching posture on it. America has become unbelievably complicated place with a variety of different positions that some of which havent existed in model life time certainly and this is I dont figure out what it wants to do and hopefully it will really do good tax reform thing, its very, very simple and treats people without enormous preferences and has very low rates and this is my personal view not a Blackstone's view and that would be great for society, I don't even know of anything like thats even vaguely possible, I think it's a right thing to do, but geez with different people in Congress appose to this that and so forth so to tell.
Michael Kim: Okay, fair enough. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kenn Hill with Barclays. Please proceed.
Kenneth Hill: Hi, everyone. So you have recently raised a significant amount of capital through some of the flagship funds like BCP VII, and BREP VIII. Do you anticipate any sort of step down after such a robust period that - and how do you think about fund-raising going forward in general? Are there any key funds you think in particular that are going to drive some inflows over to 2016?
Tony James: Our fund raising is episodic. So, yes I mean, it's lumpy, those are the big funds and they all came in from the beginning of the year and it's going to be hard to keep that space. However, Core Plus real estate, we talked about has huge potential and we're just beginning on that. In addition, we've got a tremendous potential with different kinds of retail products that we're just beginning on. So, I think those are two big areas where you can see a lot of assets. In real estate, we're coming to the end of a couple of funds that are chunky funds. So Europe at some point will be in the market, we've got - and we've got other real estate fund. So, yes its not going to fall of cliff by any means, but it's going to be hard to equal the pace the first half of this year.
Steve Schwarzman: There is also the third real estate mezzanine loan that is going in the market later this year and the secondary [Technical Difficulty].
Joan Solotar: And there is other perpetual hedge fund product like the long only et cetera that are on the platforms.
Steve Schwarzman: Yes, I would enroll chiming in here that GSO or some of their major drawdown funds will have fund raisers over the next year or two. So and then stepping back I would say if one could sort of the time ones life and business perfectly obviously we feel great about the timing of our flagship fund raisers for real estate and private equity and are excited to have that capital in this environment.
Joan Solotar: Yes and just to go back to Michaels earlier comment if you recall, lot of that money hasnt even been turned on so to speak from a fee perspective, so weve raised a large private equity fund, but it's not even in its investment period yet, so it's not in our fee earning AUM.
Kenneth Hill: Thanks for taking the question, I appreciate all the color there.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just want to come back to the question on potential tax changes on carry interest. I think we are clear on where you guys stand, I know that you also prepare for a number of scenarios. So just in that scenario where distributions experience higher taxes, does that change your view on capital allocation and maybe make buying back stock become more attractive as an alternative? And then along the same theme, the stock has bounced around a bit here. It has recovered from the low but is there a price or point where you say there is just really no better opportunity than buying back your own stock?
Michael Chae: Its Michael, were not continuously planning in that regard and I'm not sure in that scenario those are contingencies we would consider strategically. So what you're hearing it's just not something were focused on at this point for those kind of plans.
Steve Schwarzman: Let me jump in on this, were a business because we pay out all of our earnings, we dont generate a lot of capital. We see as far as we can see we've got double-digit growth ahead of us in AUM and thats going to require given the way we structure our funds, so our LPs want to see we have a skin on the game, it's going to require us to keep putting money though and those underlying properties, those underlying investments have very high returns. So the combination of the returns on the underlying capital and that carries and the fees and all that that is generated for the firm means that return on our money if it's key to raising more capital is extremely high. And were going to - our view is were going to keep, were going to need to husband our capital to keep supporting that growth. So I dont see near-term buyers, I really dont I mean if anything as youve seen over last few years weve raised additional external capitals for the debt markets. So I think that tells you kind of where we are, were not running out of growth, we have to grow them, it might be a different discussion.
Tony James: And just to put it simply really on the first part of your question, we said it I think before and we say it every time and it's true which is we manage and run our business the way we always have which is to generate the highest turns of long-term for our LPs period. So whatever regulatory changes may come or other exogenous factors that wont change it.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Berg with RBC. Please proceed.
Eric Berg: Thank you and good afternoon. [Technical Difficulty].
Steve Schwarzman: Hey Eric can you either dial back in.
Joan Solotar: Ill answer the question. So the question was basically the publics were down, what does it imply for the private mark. Do you want to take that one? And what is it imply about the performance of the underling portfolio. And I would say generally the underling portfolios are outperforming what you would see in the market and as you know were very careful about choosing sectors and companies. So we saw positive performance in both private equity and real estate and so the privates actually were up.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
William Katz: Thank you very much. I just want to come back to this notion of capital allocation because I think it is a sticking point on the sector. I think one of the issues for this group overall is relevancy relative to traditional managers. Steve, you have often compared yourself to Blackrock and they have a higher multiple than you and half the growth rate you did this quarter on quarter. So if I look at your stock price when you went public, it was 31 and you add back the dividends, you have compounded growth of the stock by about 3.5% and yet fundamentals it is hard to argue that you have out executed everybody. So how do you help the shareholders get comfort that this is a good stock at this point in time? Because the age-old question is do you invest in Blackstone funds or Blackstone the stock and what I hear you saying now is there is no interest in buyback. But why not? I just don't understand why you can't possibly lower the payout ratio. You're not getting credit for the carry anyway and then buy back some stock and maybe a little bit more forceful statement of confidence relative to some of your peers who do buy back a lot of stock in the traditional space. Convoluted question but I am curious.
Steve Schwarzman: Well one of the advantage is that the long only managers have is they dont have invest one-time in what they do and so they can do anything they want with their cash flow. And if they want to buy in some stock at higher price look not so smatter, at a low price its looks smatter they can do that. What happens with our business, sometimes we have unbelievable opportunities when market go down. And for us to raise money we must invest large amount of money, alongside our limited partners and as the world get worst, they want you to put up more and more money because they think perhaps its not such a wonderful idea and that is most wonderful time to be investing and we can do nothing that inhibits that. And by the way when times are terrible we can't sell stock to replenish, we cant even sometime go to banks because banks freak out and regulators freak out. And so just when we need money to grow and make great investments, you would have us be out of money and frankly thats like doesn't work. If we are trying to service our customers, have great products, we have not just look at the world does it as today. We have to plan on all the different types of contingency and one of those contingencies is always being liquid, dont run out of money, have amazing products and grow your business and we are a great example of that. All right? And the fact that people dont still sort of buy into what we are doing - I think somebody say on this call we had a 9% yield, I guess thats the bad idea. Why would we want to do that? Right thats like a bad idea. And we will have very strong cash generation and growth over a very long period of time. I think Joan has explained rapidity what we see as the bans for growth with a 10 year model, with the stock price somewhere around - in terms of the assumptions that we have used $85 stock price with another $25 to $30 of cash income. Now that is not good enough for you then I can't help you, right I just can't help you right and I think we can easily do that thats my personal opinion and you go on buy something else and people who believe what we are doing only because we have been doing it for 30 years right we've had the same basic rates of the return of what we do and we are getting better and better at what we are doing. And get a little sort of frustrated, but I know in the end those kinds of returns will be terrific for investors. Thats terrific in our funds and that will be terrific for public investors. And I realize I sound a little adversarial, Im not really adversarial, I am frustrated because we can demonstrate all these things, but it's hard to deal with peer and so maybe we have go through on motorcycle or something and you come out we are having a huge amount of money and that will be perceived as an accident. These arent accidents.
Joan Solotar: And Bill this is just to correct something being a little picky here, but the return is actually a little higher than you alluded to. So we return over $10 in cash you also have include the TJT spin out which shareholders got and when do the compound growth rate from the IPO is actually closer to 5% that has to well below how the firm has grown asset, how a firm has grown earnings and we're triple the sized that we were at the time of the IPO and as Steve said the earnings power is meaningfully greater than that the market is giving us credit before. So we agree with your frustration, but the structure of the firm is that we get tax on the full amount of earnings regardless of what have still distribute and so retaining capital is just not as efficient for those receiving the distribution.
William Katz: Okay appreciate the
Steve Schwarzman: Also one other the thing I would say my own people around the table are telling me to say nothing, but we went public at a time of sort of very high evaluation, because its really the top of the cycle thats somewhere between two and three weeks after we went public, there was a the start of like the most massive credit crisis that we've had since the depression. And it drove our stock down to $3.55. If you had bought at 355 you wouldn't have the same mediocre return you were talking about. And so we can't control what the market was like the day we went public, but we sure have control the growth of our business and what we've paid out and all of those types of things and so I think the analysis has a bit of a false premise, which is that we won't public at an absolute market peak and you are measuring a us off of that. I wish the multiples were all the same because then there will be the performance that will drive it that much higher, but multiples change and they change for almost all financials and our performance against all financials is actually I think quite good, but something happened to the overall market place and we're sort of we're out there right at the top. So I think if you want to measure against the top then you can generate numbers that are somewhat like you were saying, if we went public in a more normalized environment it would have been much different.
William Katz: I would like - if you still can get into our funds I would love to happen.
Michael Chae: [Technical Difficulty] but thank you.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks William.
Joan Solotar: Thanks and thanks everyone and we are here of course this afternoon to answer any other questions that you have. Thanks for joining.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. So you all have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2015 Investor Call. And now I would like to hand the call over to Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, External Relations and Strategy. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great, thank you Jasmine. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Blackstones second quarter 2015 conference call. Today, we are joined by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO who is joining us from overseas; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. So, earlier this morning we issued our press release and slide presentation illustrating the results and thats all available on the website and we will be filing our 10-Q in a few weeks. So, I would like to remind you that the call may include forward-looking statements, which are by their nature uncertain and outside of the firms control and may differ from actual results materially. We dont undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements and for a discussion of some of the risk factors that could affect the firms results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call and for reconciliations of those, please refer to the press release. So, I would also like to remind you that nothing on the call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds and the audiocast is copyrighted and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So, very quick recap of the results, we reported ENI of $0.43 for the second quarter, thats in line with consensus. I know one of the  well, Reuters have reported it incorrectly earlier, but have since corrected that, thats down from last year due to lower appreciation in the private equity and real estate funds, particularly the publics, which were down in line with markets. The performance was actually still quite good overall across all of the businesses. Distributable earnings were up quite a bit, 35% to $1 billion for the quarter or $0.88 per common unit. We will be paying a distribution of $0.74 to holders of record as of July 27, which brings us to $2.85 paid out over the last 12 months. And just based on where the stock is today that equates to a compelling yield of 7% on the current price, which is one of the highest of any large companies anywhere in the world. And with that, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Joan and thanks to all of you for joining our call. In the first half of 2015, Blackstone sustained strong momentum across all of our businesses: private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions and credit continue to distinguish us in the world of money management. We remain the only manager with leadership positions and strong investment performance in every one of the alternative classes and our limited partner investors recognize that and are rewarding us with more and more of their capital as a result. This is why Blackstone took in $94 billion of new capital in the last 12 months despite capping, which means limiting the size of all of our major funds. In other words, the demand for our products significantly exceeded the money that we could accept. And in that sense, we could have raised much more than $94 billion. This $94 billion is a record for Blackstone or any other alternative asset manager and is actually more than the combined fundraising of the other public alternative managers for any year in history. Our fundraising success is unprecedented for our industry and has propelled Blackstone to a record $333 billion in AUM, up 19% year-over-year. So, whats driving this success and our sustained growth over many, many years? Blackstone is very different from a typical asset manager. We have been able to continually outperform and deliver outperformance for our LPs versus the relevant indices since the firms inception three decades ago. When our investors give us a $1, we have generated $2 to $2.50 on average in our private equity and real estate funds across markets and economic cycles for 30 years. This is not a one-time event. In the second quarter, if you invested in the public stocks of basically any developed market in the world other than Japan, you would have had either achieved flat performance or lost money. Blackstone, however, despite the headwinds in the public markets, continued to deliver superior returns for our investors. In private equity, we outperformed the S&P by 370 basis points in the quarter, and in real estate, we beat the REIT Index by 1,250 basis points. Our credit and hedge fund solutions business meaningfully outperformed benchmarks as well as which Tony mentioned with our mezzanine fund being up, I guess, somewhere around 24%, which I think is what Tony said. And when you have performance like that in flat markets, you will have loyal investors and you will have more money from them. This is because when we invest with a specific view of operating and improving assets in our portfolio, growing their cash flows and creating real and lasting value. A great example of this was the IndCor warehouse company we sold last quarter. We painstakingly built this platform through 18 different transactions over four years, in many cases buying assets from distressed sellers and we consolidated them and created an irreplaceable company upscale. Now, we are doing something similar in European logistics with our company, Logicor. In private equity, we built up Marlin from the small London Dungeon attraction. So, I think we have paid about $85 million for, to become the second largest theme park company in the world behind only Disney, before exiting the investment earlier this year. And in the case of Central Parks investment in the UK, we leveraged the combined expertise of both at our private equity and real estate groups to maximize the value of the property in operations. And just last month, we announced its sale from more than a triple our original invested price. What we do at Blackstone cant be replicated by investors in the public markets and very few can do it anywhere or at our scale. Meanwhile, the public market backdrop as everybody knows, has been volatile and challenged lately, largely driven by the drawn-out situation in Greece, as well as the sharp decline of the stock markets in China. In the case of Greeks, we seemed to have a temporary solution now which is calm markets. Chinas issues may have longer lasting implications, particularly in commodities and related areas. Despite public market headwinds, our portfolio of companies, as Tony mentioned overall, are really in terrific shape. In private equity, trends remain healthy with portfolio company revenue and EBITDA up 5% and 12% respectively over a year ago. In other words, thats a 12% increase in earnings. This compares to most estimates to S&P companies showing flat to down earnings. So, the outperformance of the companies we own is really substantial. In real estate, our office trends in the U.S. and UK are rising in the double-digit percentages. While hotel RevPAR growth is healthy despite lodging stocks being down between 3% and 7% for the quarter. We have also seen 15 consecutive quarters of base rent increase in our grocery anchored retail portfolio and surprisingly, probably to most of you, Chinese shopping malls are reporting double-digit percentage same-store sales growth. Trends in our portfolio of companies compare favorably to the U.S. economy, which continues to grow somewhere in the 2% rate. There has been much focus recently on the Fed potentially increasing interest rates, which still hasnt occurred despite most predictions to the contrary. I think this could happen within the  in the next 6 months, which Janet Yellen seems to be indicating in a well telegraphed and controlled way. In a rising rate environment, I expect our portfolio, including real estate and credit to continue to perform well, which it has historically in that type of environment and thats because rising rates have usually come  accompanied by better economic activity, which is obviously beneficial to the portfolio. And I personally think that any rate increase would be very, very gradual. As public markets move up and down, you should expect our public holdings, of course to move up and down as well. Thats the reality of our business and part of our financial results in the short-term. Fortunately, the capital in our fund is largely locked in with approximately 70% of our AUM not subject to any redemption risk. In these businesses, we are not for sellers and can wait until the time is right to exit our positions, while at the same time continue to compound value for our limited partners and ultimately for our shareholders. A volatile market drop  backdrop could also lead us to deploy greater capital to take advantage of dislocation whenever this occurs. So ironically, our ENI could be temporarily going down at a time of great opportunities were setting up future gains. Blackstone has by far the industrys largest pool of dry powder at $82 billion and a fully integrated network built around the world, positioning us very well to take advantage of any market dislocation. Each of our businesses has continued, as Tony mentioned to expand its platform. And by the nature of our size and diversity, we are investing more today than we were 5 years ago. In real estate, in addition to the global fund, we have dedicated opportunistic pools in Europe and Asia, the real estate debt area and now our core plus business. In private equity, we have our global fund and our energy fund and we have ramped up the size of our Tactical Opportunities business and have added our secondaries business. In credit, we have rescue lending, mezzanine, a dedicated energy fund, a dedicated Europe fund, CLOs, the hedge fund platform and so on. So Blackstone is not limited to just being in a few big funds, we find unique opportunities and we grow those businesses to where they are at scale. Because of our global footprint, we are able to identify risk reward around the world and move our scale capital quickly and decisively. And our size and brand give us a significant competitive advantage to win deals that are in many cases be the exclusive partners as we were in the GE deal announced in April, which was the largest real estate purchase before the financial crisis. Despite more difficult investing environments in both private equity and credit, we have still been able to deploy significant capital. We have invested $5 billion for example in the second quarter bringing us to $26 billion invested over the last 12 months. The dominant thing  themes include distressed real estate in Europe, European credit, energy and opportunities created by the pullback of financial institutions globally, including mortgage lending and tactical opportunities, special situations deal flow. On average, over the past 3 years we have invested or committed more than $20 billion per year from our drawdown funds alone, which is far greater than our investment pace prior to the crisis. Although our capital deployed in a given year maybe up or down depending on markets, we are functioning now with a completely different scale of operations than we were even 5 years ago and we are continuing to create fantastic performance despite that. Our greater investment pace today is planting the seeds for future gains and distributions that I believe will be of a significantly larger order of magnitude than what we are harvesting even today, which is quite strong. As we have expanded and further globalized our businesses, we kept the strong focus on keeping our internal culture intact and ensuring Blackstone quality across regions and products. We never franchised out decision-making and we retain one single global Investment Committee for each of our business lines. Our investors have confidence that when we invest anywhere in the world, we are doing it with the same process driven analytical rigor that has defined us in our performance for the past 30 years. I expect it will continue to define us for the next 30 years as well. And thats why Blackstone remains one of the fastest growing, most profitable asset managers in the world. And, in fact, there are not many other companies of our scale in any industry that have grown at our rate on a sustained basis. And unlike most other leading companies, we pay out the majority of our earnings on a current basis. And in fact, a lot more than the majority, equating to one of the highest dividend yields of any major company in the world at 7%, as Joan highlighted. I believe these factors make Blackstones stock a very compelling value for investors and I am confident that over time, the public markets will come to the same conclusion, driving a premium valuation for Blackstone. In the meantime, Blackstone will continue to operate as we always have, focused on generating exceptional long-term performance for our investors with very low risk of loss of capital. With that, I would like to thank everyone for joining the call. And I am going to turn it over to our CFO, Laurence Tosi.
Laurence Tosi: Thank you, Steve. As Steve pointed out, all of our global investment businesses grew double digits over the last year, amassing a staggering $140 billion of incremental asset base expansion from $94 billion of gross inflows and $20 billion of value created through positive funds performance. That one year growth is 40% greater than the entire size of Blackstone at the time we went public. In total, Blackstones businesses grew AUM at a combined rate of 19%, with each business growing at a multiple of the industry average. That growth comes from generating new ideas, new strategies and continuing to outperform broader market appreciation. This quarter, the contribution of each business shifted, demonstrating Blackstones unique balance. GSO and BAAM had the strongest economic income growth year-over-year. Private equity had the highest total distributable earnings. And real estate had the highest fee revenues. Each business is a market leader, performing well and contributed materially to our results. Total firm ENI is flat year-to-date at $2.1 billion or $1.80 per unit at a margin of greater than 50%. A few points to highlight about ENI and earnings momentum, sustainability, performance fee revenue momentum continue to rise to a record $2.2 billion year-to-date. We have now added $4.5 billion of gross performance fees in the last 12 months, which is more than our record level of realizations and managed to grow the accrued performance fee balance year-over-year. Earnings power, Blackstones growth reflects our increasing asset base paying performance fees, which grew 13% year-over-year to a record $158 billion, effectively lowering the level of appreciation needed for earnings growth. Compounding effect, the compounding effect of performance fees paid on asset appreciation is a key earnings driver and why cumulative results continue to show strong earnings momentum. Total management fees are down slightly year-to-date and in the quarter as new assets raised are not yet earning fees and lower levels of transaction and advisory fees impacted results. There was also a reduction in management fees, coupled with an increase operating expenses related to one time items consisting of fund raising fees and legal reserves. From white however, based management fees are up 4% for the quarter and we expect we will return to double-digit growth levels as more of the $57 billion of committed capital we raised begins paying fees. Distributable earnings continued to accelerate in the quarter, continuing a trend we have seen over the last few years. Distributable earnings are up 35% in the quarter and 83% year-to-date on a 45% surge in realized performance fees. Over the last year, we have returned $46 billion of capital related to realizations, representing $20 billion of gains. We have now realized over 70% of performance fees we have accrued as of the end of the second quarter 2014. That realization rate has accelerated from an average of 45% in the prior years to the current level of 70%. And our pipeline for exits remain strong as more than 60% of the $4.5 billion in performance fees we have accrued relate to assets that are either public or are liquidating. Additionally, more than half of the current $4.5 billion net receivable is related to pre-crisis deals and 90% of those are public or in liquidation. Blackstones deliberate strategic design, which we painstakingly assembled over many years, better positions us today to absorb and materially outperform in periods of market volatility, dislocations and a shifting global opportunity set. Our outperformance comes from the fact that our core fund strategies for finding opportunities and creating value do not depend on public markets. The value created in private equity and real estate comes primarily from operating earnings growth demonstrated this quarter and over the last year by double-digit fundamental growth as Steve pointed out compared to a backdrop of flat global growth. In credit, our expertise relies on analyzing borrowers, structuring collateral and pricing credit risk. In hedge funds, the returns come from our expertise and scale in picking managers, innovating new products and ideas and making active allocations across asset classes. All of these strategies and skills are at their core sustainable competitive advantages that are not temporary, cyclical or market-dependent. Think about it this way. Blackstone has now generated $5 billion of performance fees from investments we made before the financial crisis in 2006 and 07. The only way to achieve that is by leveraging our unique operating platform to find opportunities and create value through active management and patient capital structures. The Blackstone platform delivers outperformance even in periods of high asset prices as we have seen over the last few years, where investments aged more than 1 year are averaging gross IRRs in private equity of 27%, real estate of 31% and credit of 28% as Steve pointed out. Our culture learned from our pre-crisis experiences and we adapted by building up firm capabilities to manage these markets. Strong performance drives growth and sustained performance drives franchise value and investor loyalty. Investors have validated Blackstones distinctive patient investing in operating model by committing record levels of capital to our funds, a record of $31 billion of commitments in the quarter, $61 billion year-to-date and $94 billion over the last year. Its of note that our investor base has drawn strong and growing interest from new, global and fast growing pools of capital. In fact, 14% of our capital over the last year came from sovereign wealth funds, 13% from retail investors. Both capital pools were not meaningful contributors just a few years ago. In fact, almost 50% of the capital from our most recent funds comes from outside North America, up from just 15% a few years ago. The loyalty to outperformance runs so deep that BCP 7 and BREP 8, our global flagship funds, raised $32 billion so far this year with demand far exceeding their caps. Moreover, as investors concentrate their capital with the best managers, Blackstone certainly benefits from that powerful consolidation with 81 investors in our recent flagship funds making commitments of over $100 million. As of today, we have record levels of capital to deploy, $82 billion, to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace. Is that too much capital or will we compromise to put money to work? Absolutely not. Of the $82 billion, half was raised in the last two years. So, the timeframe for committing capital is long and we are patient by nature. We have also built a unique platform to put that capital to work. We have $15 billion committed and deployed year-to-date with approximately 15% of that outside of North America. That puts us on pace to meet or exceed $20 billion of invested capital in 2015 providing further earnings growth in future years from the value created with that capital. It is not just our differentiated platform, leading return profile or ability to access new pools of capital to drive our results, it is a new, more diverse and capable Blackstone. In private equity and real estate, $28 billion or 15% of our total assets in those segments are public. The rest are subject to long-term private values or in funds that are less susceptible to public equity market swings such as stock ops, secondaries, multi-strat, real estate debt, real estate core. All of those are new businesses, which now amount to $40 billion in assets, up from 0 just a few years ago. Our credit and hedge fund platforms are scale drivers of our financial results. Those businesses are now $150 billion of AUM or 40%  45% of the firm, up from $39 billion in 2007. Those two businesses have generated over $1.4 billion in revenues over the last 12 months marking a significant part of the firms performance. And in terms of diversity, their performance is driven by very different dynamics than our other businesses. In credit, we earned management and performance fees largely on collateralized assets paying current yield. In hedge funds, the strategies are either designed to have a third of the volatility to S&P, be market neutral, long/short, or relate to asset growth of alternative managers, all of which is a step removed from public markets. I always find it curious when people describe our value Blackstone on some of the parts largely because what makes Blackstone distinct is that the whole is far greater than the parts. All you have to look at is the unprecedented speed and scale with which our newest initiatives have grown as extensions of that whole: Tac Ops, which is two years old, now is $11 billion; core real estate, 18 months old, have $7 billion; strategic partners, purchased two years ago, has nearly tripled to $13 billion; and new energy funds, created over the last three years, are reaching $20 billion between private equity and the BDC and GSO funds. Retail distribution is ahead of our record year last year and has reached nearly $1 billion a month in flows, up from nothing just a few years ago. These initiatives are still on their infancy and they are addressing the deepest markets Blackstone has ever accessed. They are nimble extensions of core competencies, gaining scale fast and will materially contribute to the firms growth for years to come. Lastly, when you think about forward earnings, consider the vintage and scale of assets that are in the ground as the primary driver of those earnings. As of today, we have $220 billion of invested capital more than a year old and are earning close to $3.50 per unit in both the ENI and distributable earnings. That performance does not account for the $26 billion we have invested over the last 12 months or the $82 billion in dry powder we have recently raised. With the explosive growth of the last 12 months and continuing momentum in our fundraising, we will soon have over $330 billion of money at work creating earnings, which will drive significant value for unitholders to a new level reflective of that 50% increase in assets at work. While we do not and should not try to predict the timing of those earnings, our long history indicates based on prior performance, it is not if Blackstone will generate returns and reach higher levels of earnings, but simply a matter of when. With that, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the management fees, is there any color that you could share just in terms of the mechanics of the flagship management funds turning on and the implications for fee-related earnings? I think you mentioned about $57 billion or so of committed capital thats not yet earning fees, just whats the timeframe for that coming online? And it looked like there was a disconnect in the quarter with management fees possibly stepping down on some of the predecessor funds, but with no benefit from fees coming on to the new fund. Did I get that right?
Laurence Tosi: The second part, no, so there is not an impact on the step down yet, because it doesnt impact in real estate. But let me just go through the two major funds that you see. In BREP 8, we expect to begin earning management fees later this quarter, and the first full quarter of those management fees will be in the fourth quarter this year. And for BCP 7, that will begin sometime next year, first or second quarter, depending on the investment fees. With respect to Tac Ops and the other fundraising, those will begin hitting in the next quarter. So, you are right, there will be an increase and thats why I mentioned well be back to double-digit related base management fee growth shortly as those new funds come online.
Michael Cyprys: Got it. Okay, great. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up if I could just turn to the geographic split, you have certainly grown the platform substantially over the past couple of years with large amount coming from  or increasing amounts coming from non-U.S. clients and I appreciate some of the disclosures you guys have showing the capital invested by region. But just curious, how much of your revenue and your client base today would you say breaks down by geographic region? How has that evolved over the past couple of years and how do you see that mix evolving say over the next three years?
Laurence Tosi: So, I would  I describe it this way, which I do a little bit in my speech is that the more recent funds are closer to 50-50 North American and outside North America and thats from a level, we were 80% to 85% North America just in the last generation of funds. So that clearly is a shift. And those pools of capital outside the U.S. are growing quite strongly. We are also seeing balance on the high net worth side. It started off primarily in North America. Now, we are starting to see some really nice growth internationally. With respect to our revenues and businesses, they are all global funds, so it depends on where you put the capital to work. The blended average of capital to work today is still about 70% in North America versus 30% outside, but thats shifting. As you can see, we have now for the last 18 months been pretty close to 50-50 North America versus international investments.
Steve Schwarzman: And even international investors, for the most part give us dollars, give us investment in dollars. So we get revenues in dollars from international investors, if you will.
Michael Cyprys: Got it. Okay. So about 70% of invested capital base is in North America with 30% outside?
Laurence Tosi: Right.
Michael Cyprys: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Bernstein Research, please proceed.
Luke Montgomery: Thanks. Good morning. In credit you have been saying a lot of the capital deployment has been Europe, maybe you could just update on what you are seeing there and how we should think about the strategy in terms of origination versus buying assets. And more specifically are you considering opportunities in Greece with the possible privatization of assets there and whats your appetite for buying non-performing assets from so-called bad banks like real estate from the Irish bad bank NAMA?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. So most of our investing in Europe are new loans, in other words, as opposed to buying assets in the secondary market. However, we set up some joint ventures with some of the European banks to do some things around non-performing loans. We had definitely have an appetite for that regardless that sellers, it is kind of the question of the underlying asset quality although our real estate debt and our corporate debt are done by different groups. So  but we have, as you know, collectively we have bought non-performing loans substantially in Spain, in Italy, in Ireland and in other places. We do not  we have not bought anything in Greece, to your specific question. And without a presence on the ground in Greece, I dont think thats ever going to be a big part of our mix. And its also hard to predict whats going to happen because its such a political, social process, not really an economic and business process. And in our kind of assets, its one thing for people to speculate on whats going to happen with Greece and public markets if your RE can sell out. Once we buy an asset, we own it for a long, long time. So you got to have  you got to be able to develop conviction around whats really going to happen and thats hard right now.
Luke Montgomery: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Michael Carrier: Thanks guys. LT, just I had a few questions on the FRE both in current quarter and then probably more importantly, the outlook. So I guess just on the current quarter, if you  can you just give us a little bit of color, I know you said on the transaction fees in PE, there were some items. I mean and then also in the non-comp expenses, I am assuming there might have been some fund raising costs in there. But just those two line items, kind of unusual, so whats maybe more of a normal run rate. And then if you look at the management fees, in the real estate business it looks like your fee AUM went up, but your management fees didnt go in tandem. And I dont know if in the past quarters there has been some catch-up fees that you have been getting as the fundraising has been going on, but I just wanted a little color on that. And then finally, just in terms of the outlook, given how broad the business is now, just trying to understand, as the fees start to kick in, on BREP 8 and BCP 7 what we should be thinking about in terms of the operating leverage or the scale for the margins, because when we look back and compare the business in prior cycles, its just  its vastly different. I just want to get a sense of how much upside we can see on the margin across the cycle?
Laurence Tosi: Okay. A lot in that, let me take each piece. Let me start with management fees in real estate, you didnt have the impact of BREP 8 in the second quarter. And so I think thats what you are seeing playing through there, so you dont see the uptick. You did have asset sales which of course would have the opposite effect of bringing management fees down. With respect to one-time items in the quarter, there are really two drivers. And I will speak about it across the business is that you do have fundraising expenses that impacts. For example, BCP 7, you have fundraising expenses now, but you dont really have the management fees to offset that yet. So its a timing difference that we have seen in the past and you did have some legal reserves that we took inside of the private equity piece. But I would say, Mike if you look back at the first quarter, thats closer to the run rate we would expect. Ex interest and fund raising expenses, our non-compensation expenses are largely 1% or 2% growth year-over-year, so we are keeping a tight reign on that. If you ask about the outlook going forward, certainly having  we had almost $56 billion of committed capital thats not paying fees. That will come on line. I gave you some time line on that in my last answer and that will certainly have an uptick in our fees going forward. Lets talk a little bit about margin. Margin hovers in and around for few related earnings, in and around somewhere between 29% and 31%, 32% to 33% at the height. And it will fluctuate within that, but it wont  you wont see a lot of earnings leverage other than a couple hundred basis points as those funds come back on. And thats just by the way that we design the firm, we reinvest in the firm in the way we do compensation ratios.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks. And then just on the  I think last quarter, you gave like the percent of catch-up related to BCP 5, I dont know if you had an update, but obviously the outlook is pretty good for the distributable earnings, but I just wanted to get a sense on how far along we are in the catch-up phase?
Laurence Tosi: Sure, so there is really two phases of catch-up. There is how it hits unrealized fees and then realized fees. The way that you might interpret that is what hits ENI and what hits DE. On an ENI basis, we are 85% of the way through the catch-up. And on a DE basis, we are 70% through the catch-up, so thats how we model it.
Michael Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Kaimon Chung: Hi, this is Kaimon Chung for Glenn Schorr. Just trying to isolate further the ENI drivers this quarter, I mean there were big differences between first quarter and second quarter, publics versus privates, America versus India. And most of that took place in late June and concerns of like recent China and higher rates. Has any of those trends reversed lately and more importantly has anything changed to your overall outlook? Thanks.
Laurence Tosi: Well, Glenn, first a couple of things. I think its always hard to take  when you look at our business, its really hard to take one quarter in isolation. Actually, if you look at the year-to-date numbers on appreciation for private equity and real estate, real estate is at 9%, private equity is at 9.5%. You just had a particularly strong first quarter. By the way, you also had a really strong second quarter of last year where we saw near-record levels of realizations. So I would look  always take a longer term and look at the run rate of the appreciation if that actually more fairly reflects the underlying operating fundamentals, which Steve pointed out, are really good in real estate and are really good in private equity. With respect...
Steve Schwarzman: Just on that Kaimon, I kind of look at LTM and they are in real estate just  so private is 16.5%, real estate at 20%. Just checking a lot at those kind of levels where they have been for the last several years.
Laurence Tosi: And so following on that, we have seen a comeback in the  the primary driver of the publics was the  was in real estate in the second quarter where you had real estate publics were down in line with the REIT Index about 10%. About 35% of thats come back. The disconnect, which is good for investing, bad for mark to market, is that the operating fundamentals of our public real estate holdings are far better than the REIT Index, which is flat. So over time, that disconnect will play out both in the values of the companies that we hold, but also does create some new investing opportunities that we like.
Kaimon Chung: Cool, thank you. And then just one more, what portion of the GE deal is in the numbers and what is not?
Laurence Tosi: Actually, very little of it is in the deal. There is  its a complicated transaction across several funds and the closings will take place over time. There has been a couple of small closings, but the bulk of it has not closed yet, Glenn. So it will take over the next quarter, maybe quarter plus. It might take more than just the third quarter.
Kaimon Chung: Thank you.
Laurence Tosi: For example, you closed in BXMT, which is the first most liquid assets, but you havent closed the other assets, it will take some time. Remember, there is loans, real assets mixed in the business.
Steve Schwarzman: And there is people to move. Its an organization  in some there are organizational aspects of this as well that take some time to sort out with GE.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone. So I just have two questions here on real estate. First, is it reasonable to expect an increase in capital raising from core plus just given the distribution resources allocated to BREP 8 over the last nine months. And also, could you provide a little more color on the $4 billion of  un-investor reserves at the close of BREP 7? Thank you.
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. Let me talk about core plus. Yes, its reasonable to assume that, that business will continue to raise substantial capital. And thats been ramping up very nicely. I think they raised several billion dollars just in the last quarter and the beauty of that business is its a business where we can scale the money that puts to work. Its really to match whats raised and we get that money in the ground very quickly. And so we are doing some interesting things there, which will expand the target audience for that product as well. So, I think that will scale nicely on. In terms of the breakdown of the dry powder.
Laurence Tosi: Yes, I will do that. It does look a little unusual, Craig, because normally, you see us take reserves of around 10% or so and then you will see that when we spend a fund, you will see that then that capital be retired. In this case, we had so much recall capital in BREP 7 because there were a lot of deals that we have actually exited quickly. I mean, the fund returns have been excellent in that fund, that the number looks bigger at $4 billion, so the size of the reserve is larger than you typically see because of that recall capital.
Joan Solotar: But of that also a $1 billion has been committed. Its just not invested yet.
Laurence Tosi: So putting the line up with $3 billion leftover on top of that, which again will be larger than you would normally have.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. There is an article this week about LPs and sovereigns increasingly setting up their own in-house management capabilities. I read like its still in the very early stages, particularly in your world and alternative, but to what extent are you seeing that and how does it affect the conversations you are having with them as you fundraise? And I guess if this really is a trend in the long run, do you think you can coexist peacefully if thats where its going?
Laurence Tosi: Yes, okay. This has been a trend for a long time actually and certain investors are far down the road than others. To do that well and to do it in scale takes a big company. So, only our biggest LPs are set up to do that. Of the biggest LPs, most of the public funds in the U.S., which is the core of our business for the most part, do not have the mandate to do that, do not have the staff to do that, do not have the budget to hire the staff to do that and will not do that. So where we are seeing the large LPs effectively doing direct investing is really the international. Its been led by the Canadian pension funds, but there are certain other international institutions that will do that as well. But again there, many of those international institutions, particularly when we are talking about Asia and Middle East, they want to base their operations in their home country. They want to staff it with local nationals. And its very hard for them to be effective on a global basis. So, bottom line is we dont worry about this as a trend, first. Secondly, to the extent they want to do direct investing, for the most part, the more enlightened ones, Canadians are a bit of the exception. What they want to do is they want to use that direct investing to look at co-invest with trusted sponsors. So, what do they do is they give capital to funds, most particularly, our funds. And then in return, they expect us to offer them some co-investment opportunities, where their deal team will jump on and look at it. And thats been a very symbiotic relationship, frankly. And in fact, their goal for more direct investing has really encouraged them to concentrate more resources with the biggest players like us. And so I think we are actually net benefiting from that. However, there is definitely more capital in the market looking to be invested in deals than just the committed capital to funds and that of course just has an effect on the overall supply and demand of capital. But generally speaking, its been a trend, but not one thats going to threaten our core business.
Patrick Davitt: Okay, great. It makes sense. And then just quickly, we have seen a few of the announced strategic deals, but could you update us on kind of the filed and maybe even close to filing IPO pipeline? Maybe just some numbers there, how thats tracking?
Laurence Tosi: Well, we have four or five things  they are not all IPOs necessarily, most of them are secondaries frankly, but we have four or five things in the pipeline, I would say, in private equity and probably three or four in real estate, all of which are possibles depending on price and market appetite and one thing, another. The real estate sales in light of the soft core for real estate related equities. Thats probably a little cooler in the last 90 days, especially because those companies continue to have great EBITDA growth. So, we are really paid the way and we are accruing more value by holding it now. And so that means bigger future gains. So, we are very patient about that, but we keep chipping away at it.
Patrick Davitt: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Bill Katz: Okay, thanks very much. I got cut off before this was answered and I apologize in advance. You mentioned very strong year-on-year growth in the unrealized receivable. Sequentially though, it looks like its down about 9%. Just given the very strong pace of distribution, how do you think that, that receivable plays out over the next couple of quarters? Are we at a peak or do you think that, that could actually start to reverse and climb again against given the pace of distributions, whats going on right now?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. Well, first of all, I didnt say very strong. I said it was up year-over-year, which I think is remarkable given the amount of realizations that we have had and its almost, I guess, about $4.8 billion of total lets call it incremental realizations. I mean, remember, 70% of the receivable as of the close of the second quarter of last year has now been realized. And so that realization rate has picked up. It was 45% realization rate over the last couple of years. Now, its picked up to 70%. I think the comparability sequentially is difficult, because in the first quarter, you always have the incentive fees related to annual hedge fund high watermarks that hit in. So, its not surprising to us even with lower level of appreciation that the receivable didnt go up this quarter, because we do have that comparability issue. But I think we feel like whats in the ground now, by way of example, the investments we have done over the last couple of years are only about 15% of the receivable. So, there is a long way to go with a lot of capital. Thats about  by the way, thats $40 billion of capital we have in the ground. Thats only 14% of the receivables. So, as those businesses click on, we think there will be forward momentum in growth and receivable. I would also point out that the growth isnt uniform when we typically do a real estate or private equity deal. You have relatively low level of value in the first year, because you are basically holding it largely at cost. What you see is an acceleration over time. And then of course, we are still exiting assets at a 20% to 25% premium to our prior quarter mark. So, that will kick in as well. So, we actually feel good about the forward outlook and thats why I gave you some of those stats in and around the growth of the underlying portfolio and the fact that even with these realization rates, we are still adding to the receivables. So, we most certainly do not see it as a peak.
Bill Katz: Okay, thats helpful. And then you have been very successful in gathering assets into retail business, can you talk a little bit about maybe geographically where you are seeing that growth U.S. versus non-U.S. and which products and the underlying demand you see going ahead?
Steve Schwarzman: Yes, okay. So, its  the vast bulk of that is in the U.S. and in fact we have built an international organization, but we are really just coming through the first year of that. About $1 billion was of the various amounts that we have raised. Retail is international and the rest  year-to-date, the rest has been in domestic. And so, we have got a lot of potential, untapped potential, still in the international markets, but we got  but we are starting to get that and we have got the people on the ground, the organization on the ground to do it.
Bill Katz: And just one last one, obviously just tremendous success in both the private equity and real estate respectively. You mentioned you had more demand at the end of the day. What drove you to cap it where it is right now given that you are deploying at a pretty high cliff? Is there any sort of supply demand concept you are thinking through in your minds?
Laurence Tosi: Which fund, Bill?
Bill Katz: Well, both the private equity and real estate, where I think you said you always subscribe in both I believe, if I recollect, maybe growing there.
Laurence Tosi: Yes.
Bill Katz: But why cap  I mean obviously you have very impressive numbers. So, I am not trying to quibble, but just conceptually trying to understand why not go for $20 billion? What in your minds, what was the holdback?
Laurence Tosi: Yes, sure. Well, part of that is the dialogue with your LPs. So, you try to find that matching amount that they are comfortable with and the end that you can deliver on and balance that with demand. The investment pace has been strong, but particularly, in real estate, its been strong. Private equity, its a little more challenging to put out capital at record investment levels. In real estate, an awful lot of the money has been put out in America in the last few years and thats markets becoming tighter. And so  and its the biggest market. So we are just trying to be smart about not so much what we are investing today, but whats the right level through the cycle. We have got 4 years or 5 years. We actually have 6 years to invest these funds, but we try to target to invest them in 4 years and 5 years much quicker than what we have got in order to deliver on our LPs for our LPs, keep that J curve down. And so we thought these were reasonable levels. They are the two biggest funds in the world and they are tight. So its however hardly like  being unduly conservative, I dont think.
Bill Katz: I see. Alright. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Lee from KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Great. Thank you. And thanks for taking my questions. Maybe the first one, just kind of a little bit of a modeling question, but I noticed that in the calculation of DE, I mean year-over-year, the other payables is down 85%. And I know typically, I think the second half of the year tends to also be a little bit higher. So  and it was zero this quarter. So should we be expecting that thats going to ramp back up to kind of what I will call more normal levels in the second half of the year?
Laurence Tosi: Yes. You should, it has to do with how we calculate on the different assets that go through and it relates to the tax receivable agreement. So yes Rob, you should look at it on a more normalized basis.
Robert Lee: Okay, great. And then a question on financial advisory, I know in the presentation you talked about that being on track for the second half, but just kind of curious, the spin of the advisory business, when do you think we may be able to expect kind of more details on it, so that we can kind of start thinking about value for BX shareholders that will be unlocked by that spin and putting some value on it?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. So Rob we filed a Form 10, which you can go through and itll show what the  basically the carved out financials for PJTR, so that gives you the detail. I think right now we are expecting that the spin will happen some time this fall, which we are expecting to do. With respect to the earnings to-date and this is in the press release, but let me reemphasize this that business will from time to time be lumpy with respect to its returns. And we think by the end of the third quarter, it will be up year-over-year. So there is a bit of a comparability issue. In fact, if I just took the results through today as we sit here, the 16 of July, they are actually up year-over-year. So they have some scale deals closed just after the end of the quarter. With respect to the distribution itself and valuation, I think there is already some reports out there on valuation, I am not going to speculate on that piece. The impact on Blackstone is its about 3% on ENI and about 5% on DE, both of which are numbers that we frankly would grow through in 6 months to 9 months with respect to the regular activities in Blackstone. So it would be a good one-time distribution to the shareholders because as I said we expect to happen this fall. And we think with respect impact on Blackstone, it will not be material over time. And the timing, to be a little bit more specific about timing, somewhere near the end of the third quarter or beginning of the fourth, right in there.
Robert Lee: Great, I appreciate that. And then my last question is and I am sure is probably one you guys have heard in the past, but just going back to the balance sheet and capital. I mean you have done a great job expanding the business and it doesnt actually feel like you had to commit a lot more capital to newer strategies or at least been able to maintain a very steady  you have raised a lot of cash with very cheap debt and I think you make a pretty compelling case about the stock being cheap and undervalued. So just still kind of wondering what the reticence is about thinking  putting share repurchase in the mix given liquidity, given you havent really used a lot of that, you havent needed to use a lot of it, its a kind of expand the franchise and you do make a pretty good case about  I think on the value?
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. Well, we love the value, but we also think we have a huge number of growth opportunities, frankly. And you are right, we have met  we have done a pretty good job managing down some of the percentage capital commitments in our core funds. If you look at what we did a few years ago on BCP 5 and BREP 5, I guess 4, I cant remember. They were big, bigger  much bigger percentages of the capital than they are today. Having said that, some of these new vehicles we are doing have huge potential scale, just core plus real estate, that got the $50 billion, which is I think certainly within the realm of possibility. It could take a lot of capital. And some of the things our businesses are doing could really scale. The other thing is the acquisitions we have done, all of them have been very, very accretive. We have been disciplined about it. But I think if you add up the number, its more than people perceive. Its probably six, seven acquisitions.
Laurence Tosi: We have done eight acquisitions since 2000  since the IPO, eight acquisitions. And so the capital put to work was about $1.5 billion.
Steve Schwarzman: And those are very lumpy. Its little hard to predict those. And the other thing is we dont generate positive cash really because we pay it out to our LPs. So we do need to be careful about our balance sheet to be able to fund the growth and have available capital for the opportunistic things like acquisitions. And then we are just very conservative financial managers, which is we think that our LPs, when they give us money for 10 years or 12 years, they should know they are giving it to the Rock of Gibraltar in terms of its solidity. And so thats kind of our view and thats been our driving view about the balance sheet is not to lever up. Two things, so the acquisitions have turned out really well. I mean they are better than 30% IRR on the deals that we have done and that reflects the fact that there is so much synergy when we find the right teams and the right things. The other thing I would say is that whats unusual is we dont have the same dilution you see in a lot of financial services companies or asset managers who are giving out a lot of stock every year because the characteristics of performance fees has a certain vesting period with it. So if you look at over the last 8 years, we have averaged just over 150 basis points of dilution from stock given out over time. So we are not creating that type of headwind. And of course we have done good things with the capital. We have earned our ways through it.
Robert Lee: Great. I appreciate the color. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler ONeill. Please proceed.
Michael Kim: Yes. Good morning, just first wanted to come at the outlook for realizations maybe a bit differently. I know there is a lot of moving parts and its difficult to make generalizations across the different businesses. But just curious to maybe getting your thoughts or perspective on sort of the potential trajectory for realized performance fees just at a high level, it seems like there is a bit of a push-pull in terms of more seasoned portfolios on the one hand versus maybe a bit more of a volatile market backdrop going forward. So just curious to get your thoughts on how that might play out as it relates to exit activity?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. Well, I think if the market conditions of today are reasonably stable, you will continue to see a high level of realizations. Obviously, if the markets fall out of bed, they will go down. And if the market gets hotter, it will probably accelerate. But in todays markets, which the S&P is at about 16 PE, they feel not undervalued, but not peaky either in these equity markets. You will see a high level  you will continue to see strong realizations. Having said that  and so our realization activity will be  there is some variation in that, but its not near as big as I think what mostly what the market expects. So I look at the kind of level, maybe we are slightly above normal this year. I think last year was about a normal level and an average year going forward that we could expect to distribute. And they will be some years, we are a little below. But this isnt  we are not like its some kind of a huge peak way above normal now. So if you look at what we did last year and then you think, okay a little higher in certain strong market years, a little lower on weak market years, you wouldnt be too far off, in my opinion.
Michael Kim: Got it. Thats helpful. And then just maybe a follow-up on the fundraising side, obviously, a lot of demand from LPs and it does seem like GP rationalization is starting to pick up. So just wondering if maybe that the balance of power, if you will has shifted a bit back in favor of the GPs in terms of fees and/or structures to the point where maybe you are hearing less noise from LPs as it relates to the terms?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, we are hearing less noise, but we have also improved the terms for LPs. So if you look at our private equity fund, for example, you look at fee slips, its gone from 50-50, i.e., we got 50% of each fee and they did just 65-35 to 80-20 and our most recent private equity funds are essentially 100% of the fees go to LPs. So  and there has never been any particular pressure on carry in the core funds. So, I think at this point, thats stable partly because, sure the market environment, maybe the balance of powers to the GPs that have good records. But as much as anything, the LPs have got maybe some progress. On some of the newer funds that we started, like Tac Ops and some things like that, you will see there rising fees and carry as we have established those track records. And so there should be some good news for that with certain of our products.
Joan Solotar: But overall base fees for the core products really havent changed. They didnt go down from prior years where they were.
Michael Kim: Got it, okay.
Steve Schwarzman: Really, if I could flush that out, actually we increased basically slightly on private equity as we shifted from deal fee splits into base fees. So, generally speaking, its a very stable picture.
Michael Kim: Got it. Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just quickly on the outlook on energy, maybe Tony if you  or LT, if you want to describe how you thought energy impacted the portfolio performance probably across the franchise, I guess mostly in private equity in the credit segments this quarter. And then the deployment outlook near-term, I know longer term, its a good backdrop, but if you can comment on what you are thinking over the next say few quarters for the deployment outlook in those segments in energy areas?
Tony James: Okay. Energy prices, maybe LT has a more specific answer, but in general, energy prices have dampened the returns in both private equity and credit. And by energy prices, I really mean oil and gas prices, which is what I assume you mean, but  and those are fully reflected in our returns and so however, we dont have that much exposure really to oil and gas. A lot of our energy portfolio is in power generation, renewable power and things so on and so forth. And most of our companies are in very solid shape. So, we havent been hit near as hard as most of the other bigger energy investors. We actually  actually for the most part, our guys are very nimble. They got into gas early. They got out of gas at the right time. They got into oil. They got out of oil for the most part before the oil prices went down. So, our portfolio is very robust and they still are reporting good positive returns, not withstanding whats happened in energy prices quarter by quarter. We are very happy with that overall. But if oil and gas prices  oil was up at $100, we would have higher marks I am sure and play that through, but I am sure we would. In terms of the deployment outlook, its picking up and I think it will be very strong, a high percentage of the likely closings in our private  in our announcements, new commitments in our private equity portfolio are energy-related. And on the credit side, too, with the new fund and some big new deals they have got handshakes on, thats about to pick up as well.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great. Thats helpful. And then maybe just a broader picture on the fundraising environment, obviously, its been so incredibly strong, dry powder around the $82 billion from $64 billion last quarter. I think you deployed about $26 billion in 2014 and I believe $10 billion so far in the first half this year. If we think about going into the second half, just for you to frame the sort of conundrum of the heavy demand, oversubscribed demand, for the products and the ability to find new places to deploy that, does that make you want to slow down the fundraising pace even aside from the two big flagship funds?
Laurence Tosi: Well, remember, the fundraising for the kind of funds we do is episodic in that sense of we go raise  we have $16.7 billion closing, our fundraisings for BCP 7. All we can  since there is a hard cap of $17.5 billion, all we can have left on that in the next few years is $800 million. So  and similarly, with BREP 8 closed, its going to be a while before we do another big BREP 8. So the fundraise was so  we have been through a phase now where big flagship funds have been very successful fundraisers. And year-to-date, both BREP 8 and BCP 7 had closings and Tac Ops is in the market. And so those are major bites, which will kind of be behind us. Now, there is a lot of other products and new products and other things, which are coming up. And I am not  its not going to fall out of bed, but its not something you decide, oh, well, lets raise a little more this quarter, less next quarter, because we are kind of  we do it fund-by-fund and those are episodic. But the investment pace I think is very sustainable of where it is now. The returns have been great. We dont feel we are having to compromise at all to get high returns. And I dont see any reason why we cant run it at sort of $20 billion investment pace for a while. Some markets are cooling a little bit, but we are still finding things to do. Other markets are heating up. So  and then as I say, some of the new products are  there is really big scale. So, I think we are in a pretty balanced area here.
Joan Solotar: But I think you also have to look at where your fundraising is as Tony said. So, in areas like real estate credit after GE deal, they used up a lot of capital, European real estate, etcetera. So, its really based on the piece of investing rather than when we want to take in money.
Brian Bedell: Great. And I think you quoted a number for the Core+ fundraised in the quarter and I missed that. What was that number?
Joan Solotar: Yes. So total, in Core+ is about $7 billion.
Brian Bedell: $7 billion totally. Okay, great. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. I appreciate the view the credit and real estate will do well when rates move higher. Just given the expectation that rates could move over the next six months and looking, I guess, maybe within private equity, specifically I know that you guys underwrite every deal, but the buyer is going to have more expensive financing. I think thats probably been a conservative assumption in recent years, but with the view on potential rates moving, does that change the premium relative to the existing market you guys have kind of benefited from recently? And then I guess also do you see any shifts in competition from higher rates that could impact your ability to sell products or buy assets?
Tony James: Okay. Not sure I completely understand all the questions, but let me just certainly enter around a little bit. As you say, when we go into a deal, we assume that the buyer is going to be buying from us five years from now in a normal credit market, whatever we think that may be. That in todays  by comparison to todays world, that will be lower debt-to-EBITDA multiples than is available today at higher rates. Could we be wrong on that? Yes. And  but I dont think that  and if we are wrong, I think its more apt to be better credit markets, but we are already assuming rates rise in that. And  but a lot of our investments are not just public to private LBOs, where you put the max amount of debt on it. Many times, frankly, we are not taking all the debt available, because we want more conserved capital structures and the guiding principle in our investing in private equity is not levered returns, its un-levered returns. So, we have to be able to drive un-levered returns, zero, not a dollar of leverage on a portfolio company investment to higher rates than investors can earn in the S&P for us to want to do the deal. And so then  so, if we are doing that, we become much less sensitive in our investing to amounts of leverage. Also, to the extent we do a lot of things built on developing or building new assets, whether they be energy or infrastructure or things like that, things in emerging markets. Again, we are not  those returns are driven not so much by the amount of leverage available. The other big themes in private equity that we do are consolidations where we back a great management team to buy a company in an industry where we think we can roll up a lot of the other players at very, very attractive multiples of post-synergy EBITDA. And the return is not at all driven by the amount of leverage. The return on those deals is driven by our ability to continue to effectuate acquisitions and get the operating synergies. And then the other kind of business that we have moved to actually, because we felt like the most overpriced assets in this market are slow-growing, cash-flowing assets almost like bonds. So, bonds are the most overpriced financial assets, but slow-growing, mature companies with lots of cash flow are the values, where leverage has pushed up the values the most. So  and we are most vulnerable if rates come up. So, we have moved away from those kinds of assets in our acquisition activity. And if you look at, in addition to the energy, in addition to the consolidation plays, the other thing you will see us is doing growth investing actually where you always had a high percentage of low capital structure for those investments in equity. So, if you are paying 12 times EBITDA for a company and you had 5 times debt, the fact that you can get 5.5 now doesnt affect your price very much and you are still getting a high-quality company with real organic growth. So, again, I think that the value and returns in those companies will be contingent to us continuing to get the growth and continuing to have a franchise, not on credit markets. So, I feel very good about the fact that we are not promising our investment strategy on these credit markets and we are not even really in some ways even taking the advantage very much of them.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Thanks. That answers my question. I appreciate it.
Operator: The final question is coming from the line of Eric Berg with RBC. Please proceed.
Eric Berg: Thanks. Just a couple of questions. First, I would have thought that given the underlying  given the strength of the fundamentals of your underlying investments, your portfolio of companys EBITDA and other measures of fundamentals create and given to the strength of the stock markets, especially outside the United States in the first quarter of this year, I would have thought that your year-to-date economic net income would have been up, but it too was kind of flat. What is  whats your interpretation of that? Why would that happen given the factors that I mentioned?
Steve Schwarzman: Yes, okay. So  I mean, let me take a whack at that and then maybe everyone will jump in if they want. But first of all, our economic net income this quarter versus the same quarter last year is not so much a function of whats happening now. Yes, we are accruing values. We are accruing good values. Thats why we gave you the returns on these funds, which your  private equity, 16.5%, real estate, 20% over last year. Those are great returns. But if we compare ourselves to a quarter last year when the markets boomed, you might have had even bigger markets. And so its a mistake to think about  you are kind of conflating a little bit absolute return and relative return for a given quarter, first of all. Secondly, remember too that while the European market  foreign market has been strong, the dollar has been strong too. So, currencies have  currencies are a factor here, because we translate back into dollars. And then we have different fund dynamics where some funds are in catch up and other funds arent, come from and go in and out of catch up and that affects the amount of the gain, which shifts  and then some funds have different comp ratios than others. And so depending on where the gains are it affects how much flows to ENI in a different quarter.
Eric Berg: Okay. So, my second question is sort of and I will wrap up on  may I ask the second question real quick, do you have time to fit me in?
Joan Solotar: Sure, go ahead, Eric.
Eric Berg: Thanks very much. Its a broader, non-numerical question. Its more on the  on sort of the business plan at Blackstone. One of the things that occurred to me, I am deeply involved with following the retirement savings business and given your success as both agents and principles, lets talk about as agents for others, given the fact that you have been  that you have so far outperformed the stock markets and credit market indices and given this retirement crisis that we continue to have in this country, can we be found to sort of  obviously, you are contributing to the solution by working for your pension fund clients, but what about defining contribution, 401(k) and related areas? I would  lets get the managements view on how  either in coming  in the next year or in coming years your investment success and prowess could be put to work in helping solve ordinary peoples income needs in retirement or is that not realistic?
Tony James: Well, first of all, let me say that you are my new favorite person and we are going to get you on the road, have you spend some time in Washington and everywhere else in the world. We completely agree. Lets just start with that and frankly have been spending some considerable time on this. I have the view that the hidden crisis in America that no one is talking about is whats going to happen with all of these 20, 30, 40-year-olds who no longer have corporate pension funds of defined benefit, so they have got 401(k)s and they are making little contributions in there, which is earning very, very little. When they retire at 65 and they dont have enough to live on and its an entire generation, maybe two generations of people, we are going to go, oh my God, what happened? And if they cant invest money at higher returns than 4% to 5%, which is all the public markets are going to give you, we are going to be in trouble as a country. So, I think that Blackstone has an obligation to save the country by delivering superior returns consistently with reduced, I would say reduced, lower risk in public markets to retail investors. Now, there is a lot of institutional barriers to do that, but retail investors need these products just as value  or worse than institutional product, because they have few  less options today. And the reason that institutions have moved over the years from 5% of their assets into alternatives to the average pension being 20 and the average endowment being over 50, the more sophisticated the institutional investor, the higher the percentage of the assets they have in alternatives is because thats the only way they have been able to go far and will be able to get returns. But there are lot of institutional barriers for retail investors, not starting with Department of Labor and a lot of other things which just now prohibit it, because they require daily liquidity, daily mark-to-market. Some of our products dont let them do that, sells to that. We are creating products that can accommodate that, but its a small subset of what we do and a lot of the returns we make come from the fact that we can free ourselves from the tyranny of daily liquidity and take advantage of these substantially enhanced returns that come when you can do that without taking more risk. So, as a society, we will need to work on this. And I promise you, eventually people will recognize this has to happen and we are there to serve when it does.
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. We will talk to you more about it. Yes, I would say  this is Steve, that Tony has given a terrific answer on it. This is basically a political issue and its a misunderstanding of risk and somebody thinks that they are protecting the public from firms and asset classes like  that we are in, where we have been doing this for 30 years and have averaged about double the stock market. And some of our asset classes have lost virtually nothing. And so any rationale look at this situation would come to the kind of conclusion that was implicit in your question and explicit in Tonys answer. And this should really happen, but there are certain political beliefs that just dont want to encounter reality. They have the theory that things actually are different than they are. And so as we go through political cycles, there maybe changes in this but there is an economic reality that the performance is there and people need this stuff. They need the returns. They have solved that problem institutionally. When we started in the business, alternatives were somewhere around 2% of institutional portfolios. They are now somewhere around 17% to 20%. Some institutions are at 40% and the publics at 2%. And they are being held back unfairly and in terms of their own retirement and well-being. And I am optimistic that this will ultimately be addressed and it would be a terrific legacy, frankly, for an administration to do something like that for people. Because if you dont have a good retirement at  given the age people live to now, I mean that could be 30% of your life and people need to be supported. So, you hit a hot button with us whether you can tell by Tonys answer or my answer. And if we can unlock that, the scale of the firm, we get to really remarkable thing. I mean, there are people who have $4 trillion plus managing public money with returns that are a fraction of ours. Well, we cant deploy that much money in our current mode, but just think about that. I mean, there is huge opportunity for us at some point in the cycle.
Eric Berg: Well, again, good luck to you on getting that done. Thank you.
Joan Solotar: Thanks, Eric. Thanks, everybody. If you have a follow-up, please feel free to give us a ring.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. So, you all have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Blackstone's First Quarter 2015 Investor Conference Call. And now I'd like to hand the call over to Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, External Relations & Strategy.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, Katrina. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's first quarter 2015 conference call. Joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman, CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. Earlier this morning, we issued our press release and slide presentation illustrating results which is available on our website, and we will file our 10-Q in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that the call include, may include forward-looking statements, which by their nature are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. After discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please check the Risk Factors section of the 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements, and we will refer to non-GAAP measures and for reconciliations, please see the press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on the call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds. The audio cast is copyrighted material and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So very quick recap of the results. We reported Economic Net Income, or ENI of $1.37 per unit for the first quarter, that's our best ever and nearly double the prior year quarter, driven primarily by a sharp increase in performance fees. Distributable Earnings were $1.2 billion, that's $1.05 per common unit, that's also a record and up over 2.5x to $0.40 that we recorded in the prior year. So well be paying a distribution of $0.89 per common unit, that's to unitholders of record as of April 27, 2015. And that's our largest quarterly distribution to date. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning. And thank you for joining our call. The first quarter was remarkable for Blackstone and our shareholders in all respects. As Joan mentioned, it was our most profitable quarter ever both in terms of Economic Net Income and Distributable Earnings. This follows a record set a year in 2014. Realizations continue to accelerate reaching a record $13.5 billion in just one quarter. Driving a distribution of $2.66 per share over the past 12 months equating to a yield of approximately 6.5% on our current stock price. We raised an astonishing $30 billion of new capital in the first quarter alone, which is substantially more than any of our alternative competitors have ever raised even in a full year, driving our AUM well past the $300 billion mark, and all signs point to 2015 being a very big year for us and our shareholders. You may ask and many of you have, how have we been able to build a company like Blackstone? And is this success is sustainable? Blackstone really has a very simple business model. We delivered roughly a 1,000 basis points above the stock market on average to our Limited Partners in our funds. When we do that over time and time again for 30 year period we create enormous excess returns for our investors. As a result, our limited partners have given us very large amounts of money over time to invest. And these amounts are accelerating. Our performance over 30 years is what sustains our success as a business. We designed the firm from the beginning with the idea that we would only expand it to new asset classes if there was a remarkable opportunity to take advantage of, a major paradigm shift in the markets. In addition, we would only enter this new asset class if we could identify a leader for these new efforts who is a 10 on a scale of 10. The third requirement to enter a new business line is that it would increase the firm's intellectual capital so that we could take advantage of these paradigm shifts throughout our entire organization. In finance, unfortunately nothing is patentable. I learned this early in my career. So when we started our firm, we knew we needed to be in the continuous innovation business. Not just for example in something called the advisory business or the private equity business. I often get the question how do we define our competition. What we offer our limited partners is really different. By being in all the major alternative asset classes with uniformly outstanding results. If you like to think that the company that is similar to Blackstone includes many of the great companies in the world. Among these companies are companies like Apple, Google, Ali Baba, Samsung, Disney, Amazon, Boeing, Dangler, Nike, BMW, Starbucks, Caterpillar, Air Maze, Luxotica, Whole Foods, Bosch, McKenzie, Bloomberg, Chanel and numerous others we don't have time to list here. All of these firms have built enormous brand recognition and they all share certain differentiating attributes including the best products in their class with the highest quality standards; deep and enduring relationships with their customers, a unique selling proposition, a culture of excellence and of continual innovation, and high levels of employee satisfaction and loyalty. These firms have created a bond, of trust and sense of partnership with all of their constituencies. Their customers need their products and turn to them first, resulting in a huge percentage of repeat businesses. As a rule, these companies primarily have grown organically. So they can develop and nurture a consistent and unique internal culture. They also have the largest market shares in their respective sectors all like Blackstone. At Blackstone, 30 years of excellent performance has created a huge mote around our franchise. There is a reason for example the brand is continued to grow when the hands of all others that asset class has shrunk. Most recently real estate, a new global fund raining, our new global fund raised a record setting $15.8 billion in only a few months including the upcoming closings for retail investors. We needed only one close for institutional investors. In fact, for years all of our funds have been substantially over subscribed. We have limited the amount of money we have accepted to maximize our performance for our limited partners. This is the power of our brand and we are very protective of it. Just as Apple doesn't franchise its products and BMW doesn't let other manufactures put its logo on their card. At Blackstone, we don't franchise. We have central quality control with all investment decisions being be risk and decided upon by one single global investment committee to minimize any prospect of loss and to have consistency of judgment. Despite our significant growth, I do not believe Blackstone is anyway at a long-term peak. Given the amount of assets we are managing today and the amount of capital we are putting in the ground. We were the most profitable public money manager in the world in 2014. As we were also in 2013, two years in a row. And we continue to report exceptional ENI numbers. $5.2 billion for the past 12 months. This is our best measure of current value creation and future realization potential and consequently distribution for you. These numbers include a benefit from our BCP V private equity being in catch up resulting in additional performance fees for prior period gains. And while this benefit is not perpetual, there are many other important trends that drive our earnings growth. Our clients are themselves healthy and growing their assets under management. They are investing more and more into alternatives. The highest yielding asset class in the world in an environment of record low interest rates. They are also reducing the number of managers they do business with. Consequently, our fee earnings assets under management now are 2.5x larger than just five years ago. And while our cash distributions are accelerating, mostly reflecting realization from capital we invested years ago when the firm was much smaller in the capital we invested was much smaller. We are simultaneously filling the cookie jar as our invested money is keep increasing in size. We ended the quarter with $4.17 a share of net accrued performance fees. We should convert into distribution for our shareholders when we choose to sell these assets. This receivable contradicts to what you might think. Actually increased from the previous year despite our very substantial payout of distribution over the same period. Over the past three years we have deployed an average of $20 billion per year in our drawdown funds alone. In the past 12 months this number grew to $27 billion, up 7x from five years ago. Lastly, we committed to deploy $4 billion in equity capital just in one day with real estates acquisition of much G capital real estate assets as well as the purchase of a major shopping center which by the got lost in the shuffle from a PR perspective. Blackstone is significantly larger today and investing significantly more than we did in the past. Planting the seeds for future gains and distribution to you. There are few other companies of our scale that are simultaneously growing at a sustained rapid rate. In this regard, our analysis of the world's 500 largest public companies is informative. Blackstone rank right in the middle in terms of size to the market capitalization of $49 billion. But only handful of these 500 companies has similar financial results. Blackstone has grown earnings per share by 46% per year over the past five years, combined with an extremely high cash conversion rate to dollar of revenue. Unlike most other leading companies, we payout the vast majority of our earnings on current basis. Our dividend yield is actually among the Top 5 of all global 500 companies, which should be of particular interest to you at a time of record low interest rate. Further, to the leading companies I mentioned earlier in my remarks, those that are publicly traded, we find that the medium trading multiple p multiple is 22x earnings, more than twice where Blackstone is today. Our limited partners view Blackstone as the gold standard in the high return asset management industry. I believe the public markets will come to view as one of the top companies in the world. We will continue to do what we've always done, generate exceptional performance for our investors. Each of our business is expanding rapidly. While at the same time keeping our zealous commitment to protect our limited partners capital in every investment we make. In the vast number of our businesses, we only commit capital when we see an unusual risk reward opportunity unlike a long only manager which needs to be fully invested. We like a basket ball team without a 24 second clock. We only shoot when we get a truly open shot we are confident will go in to basket. Our business model provides numerous competitive advantages that we believe should enable us to continue generating the extremely strong return that we have for the last 30 years. This is our unique selling proposition to our limited partners. Given the essential nature of our product and sense of partnership with our growing limited partners base, which continuous to add, allocate more and more capital to our industry, and in particular to Blackstone, we believe our long-term prospects are exceptionally strong. Our investors can count on the enduring nature and consistent output of our culture here at Blackstone, which is characterized by high levels of achievement, meritocracy, the high standard of ethics and a dedication to excellence in all we do. Our people have a total commitment to integrity and never tolerate questionable practices of any kind. This culture is instilled in everyone at the firm. And will survive the original founders. Each of our business is led by someone extraordinary. With other extraordinary talented professional around, our employee love what they do, and it is no coincidence that for the second year in a row Blackstone has been selected as the best place to work in our industry. This year for example and this is hard to believe, we have more than 15,000 applications for only 100 available analysts positions. So it is 6x harder to get a job as an analyst at Blackstone and getting into Harvard, Yale and Stanford. It is a privilege for me personally to be associated with the remarkable people we've assembled at Blackstone. And we worked with enormous zeal and strive to deliver the top investment results in the world for our limited partners with a conservative emphasis on preservation of capital. We are completely committed to helping our LPs significantly outperform their relative benchmarks and reach their objectives. This include helping the teachers, police officers, firemen and other state and local employees as well as corporate employees retire with dignity. Protecting, grow university endowments can help students with their education. Provide savings for countries for their sovereign well funds and central banks to improve the lives of their citizens, help insurance companies meet their obligations to their policy holders. And assist individual investors financially and realize their dreams. Blackstone isn't really a business per se. It is a mission to be the best in all we do. And to be special members of our communities as well. We are Blackstone foundation; our employees volunteered over 5,000 hours last year and countless thousands more in their own personal charitable pursuits. Blackstone launch pad our foundation signature program, supporting college entrepreneurs, now touches 350,000 students at 15 universities in six states. At our veteran retiring initiative in which we made a commitment three years ago hire 50,000 veterans in five years has seen tremendous early success with greater than 20,000 hires already. On a personal basis, I'd like to thank all of you as our shareholders for your support. We are in this adventure together. We believe it will have a great outcome in the long run for all of us. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Laurence Tosi, our Financial Officer who has a blizzard of numbers for you that I think you will enjoy listening too.
Laurence Tosi: Thank you, Steve. I think that sets a pretty high bar. At least I know if I get fired I have 10,000 people looking for my job. I can feel better. In the first quarter, Blackstone set record for assets, inflows, revenues earnings and distribution. Both for the quarter and the last 12 months again. First quarter ENI doubled to $1.6 billion, or $1.37 per unit on $2.5 billion in revenues. Distributable Earnings nearly tripled to a record $1.24 billion or $1.05 a unit as public and private market demand for Blackstone managed assets and companies remain strong and drove record realizations of $49 billion. As a result, realized performance fees and investment income were over $1 billion for the quarter and over $4 billion over the last year. By investing in assets in which we can intervene and actively manage, we've been able to generate above market returns across cycles. The central driver of our business is the growth in the companies we own and operate, or the hedge fund managers we invest with or the credits we buy. Those drivers are not short-term market cycle dependent. And when they grow and increase in value they compound. Our private equity companies are on average growing revenues 6% and EBITDA 9% which is 2x the revenue and 4x the EBITDA growth of the S&P. Similarly, our real estate portfolio fundamentals measured by occupancy, rate and earnings continue to strengthen and perform at the upper range of relevant market measures. Additionally, both private equity and real estate public holdings totaling $31 billion were up over 15% in the first quarter alone. That above market appreciation contributed to total returns for private equity and real estate which were both up over 20% over the last 12 months, nearly double the total return of the S&P. Both hedge funds and credit also outperformed their relevant indices despite more turbulent markets in those asset classes. All the funds in those two businesses are up over the last 12 months. While both of those businesses are down slightly on a lower rate of appreciation this quarter, very strong inflows, positive returns and new products positioned them well for the rest of the year. Performance drives growth, sustained performance drives franchise value and investor loyalty. All of Blackstone's businesses had double digit gross inflows over the last year totaling $77 billion. Coupled with strong fund performance, the asset base expansion of Blackstone totaled over $100 billion in the last 12 months easily outpacing the record $34 billion of fee paying capital we returned to investors. With our LPs needing to reinvest to gains in initial principal, we've seen unprecedented demand for every segment of Blackstone, leading to the $30 billion of capital raised in the first quarter alone that Steve mentioned. Think about it this way. Since the third quarter of 2012, the firm has grown in assets an astounding 50% from $205 billion to $310 billion. At the same time, ENI has grown a 150% and Distributable Earnings 550%. Because as our asset base appreciates and inflows are invested, the business model accelerates. All that occurred while returning $124 billion back to our investors, proving that higher returns and realization are positively correlated to investor demand and strong inflows. A long history of market outperformance coupled with best in class product across asset classes has deepened our relationships with our clients. In Blackstone's case the franchise sum is by the design and everything we do much greater than the products. Not only is our investor base rapidly expanding, we've also observed the trend where our largest clients are making concentrated investments in our fund above prior funds commitments, suggesting a winnowing of managers that favors Blackstone as market leader. I also want to focus on a few key sustainable drivers of our results that you should keep in mind. The first is balance. Each of our four leading investing businesses represent between 21% to 30% of our total assets and all are growing at double digit levels 3x to 4x that of traditional managers. Any one of those businesses would be a top alternative manager with best in class market share returns and profitability. Also they contributed different times and a cycles creating imbalance. This quarter private equity led ENI, real estate led in Distributable Earnings. Our hedge fund business lead in fee earnings and our credit for business grew the fastest in assets. Operations. Selling out every drawdown fund of the last several years, some in record time is reflection of our fund investors recognizing and rewarding our distinctive strength and strategy of operating the assets we buy and a long-term outperformance that create. Global. All of our segments are anchored by a single global fund. And over the last year 50% of our capital was put to work outside the US with a dollar can buy more in places like Eurozone or bank dislocation or growth rates create unique opportunities. Investors value that balance. Opportunity. All of our businesses grew between 14% to 15% over the last year. And in fact as of today all of our businesses represent a very small portion of the capital in their respective asset classes. Evidencing even as a leader, still remarkable opportunity to grow. In private equity, BCP V, the firm's largest fund has continued its strong momentum realizing $254 million of performance fees in the first quarter and $870 million life to date. With $1.5 billion of net accrued performance fees still yet to be realized. The fund has now returned a 100% of its committed capital and its $19 billion of value of current asset levels yet to be realized. A few finishing thoughts about forward -earnings indicators and momentum. A key measure for forward earnings is the growth of net accrued performance fees. That balance grew from $3.5 billion in the first quarter of 2014 to $4.9 billion at the end of the first quarter of this year despite the fact we realized $2.5 billion over that same timeframe. Those realizations represent 71% of the first quarter 2014 net accrued performance fee balance and generated more than $2 a unit in realized performance fees. Remarkably, that means that Blackstone's asset base expanded faster than the record pace of realizations by adding $4 billion in total net performance fees while paying out $2.5 over the last year. In the first quarter alone, we realized the only $1 billion of our 2014 yearend performance fee receivable but more than replaced that with $1.3 billion of new accruals. As the asset base expands, the rate of appreciation needed to grow ENI decrease and lower realization rate can achieve distributable earnings. We've talked in the past about the compounding effect built into Blackstone's earnings model whereby we effectively create new performance fee assets via appreciation. The impact of that inherent momentum in our funds structures is reflected in another forward indicator. Blackstone's $151 billion of assets currently earnings performance fees, that AUM measure are up 30% year-over-year. In fact, the fastest growth is in hedge funds and in credit. In terms of investing, we continue to leverage our unique global footprint, operating expertise and scale to commit or deploy $8.3 billion through the first quarter and the first few weeks of the second quarter this year. Not including an additional $8.3 billion through the first quarter and additional $4 billion that we committed two large transactions announced in real estate last week, bringing the total to $12.3 billion year-to-date. Our new business growth drivers and innovations are also contributing materially. Strategic partners which have been a growth trajectory since it integrated into Blackstone less than two years ago is up 30% to $12.5 billion. Our Real Estate Core Plus Platform, 18 months after its launch is at $5 billion and just close to $2 billion deal on Friday. Tac Ops is midway through its second fund raise and is almost $10 billion. And our leading retail distribution effort generates $11 billion in inflows over the last 12 months. The list is long, the opportunity is large and the momentum real. Thank you very much for joining our call. And with that we would open it up for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Joan Solotar: And just to remind if you can first round just ask one question because we have a long queue and then you can just come right back in. Thanks.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Michael Carrier representing BofA Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Michael Carrier: Thanks, guys. And may be the first question is just on the level of deployment activity and the opportunities you are seeing. I think the real estate has been very clear and evident in terms of what you guys are focused on. I guess just on the private equity side and then on the credit side. It sounds like you are doing more, you are up in credit. I just want to get a sense of given the environment where do you see some opportunities to still hit some of those returns and maybe in private equity shift more to the core product for lower returns but still attractive opportunities.
Tony James: Hi, Mike. It's Tony. How are you doing? Well, private equity, we are seeing a lot of active deployment. And generally speaking values are high so if you live on buying public companies there is a lot of leverage, I think that's not a good place to be. But some of the things we are emphasizing are, first of all, we have a lot of or we are building a lot of assets where particularly in the power and energy area where we gets essentially by building our own assets, we are building assets with high teens, cash on cash return. We are getting in at book value and we exit them when they are flowing assets we can sell at much lower return - much lower cap rate and capital gain. We are also varying to a lot of consolidation. We get -- we buy a very good managed team, small company and then can roll up the industry in the roll up acquisition even if we pay a fairly full multiple but the platform company is small in the context of all other things we can roll up and by the time we exit our embedded cost in there is 5x or 6x EBITDA. I should note that the average EBITDA level in our private equity portfolio is only 4.5x today. These are not leveraged driven high price things. We are also buying growth companies that need capital to grow, and I think we are getting some pretty good values on that. Those prices haven't been run up as much as many other company by the availability of debt and low interest rates. And then finally we are doing a lot in especially finance area where the asset quality is high, but the financial crisis wiped out a lot of competitors. And frankly they went out of business not because they lost money on the asset side because they couldn't roll their liabilities. Well given capital to grow the customer need is still there, it has been a great place for us. So we are finding a lot of interest things to do. Putting a lot of money out and returns are as high as they've ever been. So that's private equity. Credit, lot of focus on energy obviously and they are very active, engaged a lot of energy stuff. You also mentioned Europe; the managing platform in Europe which is a new effort for us is going great guns. And so some of the back up in the credit market is there for a while, gave us some good mezz opportunities, so I think we are chugging along in that business as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim representing Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed.
Michael Kim: Hey, guys, good morning. Just coming back to sort of the realization ratio of about 70% on an LTM basis that LT that you mentioned which I think was up pretty meaningfully versus closer to 50% in 2014. So I know there is a lot of moving parts and assumptions beneath the surface but just wondering if you could may be talk a little bit about the sustainability of that ratio particularly as you mentioned a receivable sort of continues to grow.
Laurence Tosi: So, Michael, the three year average on that conversion to use that word is 40 and you are correct in the last 12 months it is closer to 70%. I think it has been particularly active over the last couple of quarters in particular. So I don't know that it will stay at the 70% rate and I am not sure it needs to. It actually needs to be 45% to 50% to eclipse the distributable earnings in the last 12 months over the next 12 months. So the number may come down but the earnings may grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon representing Jefferies. Please proceed
Dan Fannon: Hi, thanks. $30 billion of AUM that came in this quarter and wondering how much of that came from the retail channel? And if you kind of expand upon the relationships that are happening beyond what was established with Fidelity within that set, I guess over year ago and then also just a mix of generically between kind of existing and new customers. You talked a lot about the re-up that's happening from some of your larger clients, I just wondering if you could give us some ballpark numbers as to the percentage of repeat customers within that, big AUM number.
Stephen Schwarzman: So, Dan, maybe LT would take, LT, I will take the retail piece and maybe Tony will take the overall piece. So retail continues to both surprise us as well as to be a significant contributor. So it was about $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion in the first quarter came from different retail systems, one. Two, there is a couple of trends in there that are very positive which was in the systems that we have been in for long period of time. We are seeing individual financial advisors distribute Blackstone funds to a greater set of their clients. We are seeing a greater set of financial advisors invest so you got better penetration both within each advisor and then across it. And if you look at the list over the last six months, there are four, five distribution channels that we had not even tapped until that period. So it is a very strong story in all regards in the year is off to an important head start with that. With respect to my comments on the larger funds and I don't know Tony add this, was we are seeing some of our biggest clients and part of this is the fact that the demand exceeds the capacity are making more concentrated debts in our larger funds and we see that as our two flagship funds come through in real estate and private equity. And I think it is very encouraging sign. I would point out though that set of largest investors is some are the same and bigger than they were in the previous ones and some are new and they are quite significant. So we are seeing both the trends towards concentrated investment in Blackstone and the trend where very large scale investors are starting to coming. Our most recent funds are now down to about 60% to 65% North America, five years ago that was 85%, which means also we are seeing some really nice global growth.
Tony James: Okay. So on the re-ups, I don't have exact number, Dan, but it is extremely high. It is -- and we are also getting a lot of cross fund investors. So increasingly investors take more and more of our products which is reflecting some of the same trends that LT was saying. So but there are very, very few investors in capital who are not re-upping today.
Stephen Schwarzman: Less successor funds by 85% re-up rate and the cross fund investments are 65% to 70%.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt representing Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Theyll get it at some point. Good morning, guys. Could you give a bit an update of where the ENI catch up is relative to the distributable earnings catch up on BCP V?
Laurence Tosi: So the overall catch up on blended basis, Patrick, is 85%, on ENI basis you are close to 100% and on a DE basis you are about [60%] [ph]. So that gets the blended basis of 84%. So the way to look at that is going forward as we have appreciation the ENI, the firm will accrue 20% of the appreciation at BCP V but as distributions are down we will still be in the 80:20 catch up for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Great. Good morning, guys. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about, a little bit more in detail about real estate for GE deal. Do you see other types of assets out there and then how does that influence your view on fund raising even after the big BC or BREP8 fund? And then maybe just comment on the continued success in core plus to $5 billion and where you think that can go in the intermediate term and just on the IRRs your underwriting goes for BREP8 and a core plus? Thanks.
Tony James: Okay. So in real estate, we still a lot of activity. There is a lot of-- particularly in Europe we are extremely active. We are still seeing a lot of activity in Asia. And so those are undiminished. The US is, the GE was great but as Steve mentioned it overshadowed as multi billion our tech private of a REIT that we announced the same day that got no press at all because of the GE deal. We bought, which got $1.5 billion to buy the Sears Tower and that's going to be fantastic deal I think. So there is a plenty of big chunky stuff to do in the US as well. We don't think we are at a real estate peak. We think we are somewhere in mid cycle and there is good values to be add on the buy side and there is reasonable market to sell on the sale side. It's kind of right in balance and it is a great time. In terms of driving more fund raising though, our rate from core plus which I'll come to, these are episodic funds where you go out and raise them and it takes awhile to deploy them. So we are not going to raising that global fund for a while. Our Asian fund is ways to go. Our European fund got invested very quickly and we actually when did re-up or a top up and we come in through that very quickly. So we will be out in the market again fairly soon with the European Real Estate Fund. In terms of core plus, it is going great. We have recently closed some transactions. We've got sort of -- it is money we all take down till we have places to put it. And we have a backlog of interested investors. And we are working on a bunch of deals. Where do I think that can go? Well, Steve set that number already I think for us so.
Stephen Schwarzman: I said when we started this business in 10 years; we had the $100 billion of AUM. One year into it, we are at five something, that's amazing for like just starting up. And I think now it is pretty bold type of an expectation but I think we are on track because the way business is grow it typically starts slower and more you do, the more investors you get, the more they give you and starting out in the five to six range year one gives me a good sense that we got a realistic shot of achieving what I think we can do. In life when you start businesses, you have to have an aspirational dream that everybody understands that's realistic, achievable but pushes and I think that's where we are with core plus. We are very happy as are the people investing with us because lovely notes and emails from them.
Brian Bedell: It has been remarkable. And maybe just the IRRs that you are targeting for BREP8 versus core plus?
Tony James: Well BREP8 IRR are as same as our BREP fund, we shift for in the 20s and core plus was in the low teens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning, guys. Could you talk a little bit about the opportunity that you see within credit? It looks like you raised over $6 billion or so capital in the quarter, curious if you could just elaborate a little bit on a which product those went to and also could you share your latest views on how you see the direct lending opportunity opening in the US and Europe and how Blackstone is executing against that?
Laurence Tosi: It's LT, I'll start it off Michael and so the inflows with respect to the quarter that you saw in credit were largely in-- they were really across the whole platform. We did have quite few in the CLO space, the BDC is continue to grow and then there were some separate account inflows as well. I think that so the story there is really balanced. And that's what has been taking hold for them for some time. They do have some new products that they are working on now which Tony referenced and you will see more that in the second quarter. But if you look at where they are year-over-year and their growth not only in the fee for earnings asset but also their inflows they are really well positioned to see good opportunities.
Tony James: Yes. And I might just add a couple of things on that. Direct lending in Europe is off to a great start. And we have VDCs here, there are other parts of the world where we could do that and we are thinking about that. The SM as discussed supplement account that as LT mentioned for our primary focus on the energy opportunity and they have had a very successful energy sleeve so to speak to jump on the opportunities that have been creative. And then with GE cap, we are going through the reorganization is doing I think there will be some very interesting opportunities for its cohort for GSO and so we are getting geared up to kind of focus on that. And see what we can make up of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz representing Citi. Please proceed
Bill Katz: Okay, thanks very much. I guess multi part question, some unrelated. Keeping also sense of what's left on BCP V in terms of catch up, Steve, I will be curious what the response is to the new private equity fund that's in the market place that you mentioned it could be a second quarter event. And then stepping back, I know it is very fluid and early but what's your sense of the opportunity that may, may not come out of the proposal by the Department of Labor for maybe Blackstone in the sector at large.
Tony James: Blackstone on what? Sorry.
Bill Katz: For both Blackstone and sector in terms of alternatives into the retail channel given what it seems to be exclusion ill -liquid sets into the channel, so curious your thoughts.
Laurence Tosi: We get reverse, may be I will answer the BCP V question and turn it over to Steve for the --
Stephen Schwarzman: I mean LT is already answered it. We are 85% through the catch up so that's where we are on that.
Laurence Tosi: I just kind of wanting that it is important to distinguish that there is unrealized and realized and the 85% are blend and on the unrealized basis pretty much through the catch up 98.5% and then with respect to the realization part they are only about 60% quite a moment ago.
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. On BCP VII, we have restrictions on what we can say. This were up, is it marketing and so we can't tell you how we are doing exactly but there is really terrific receptivity to private equity area and that area have been really excellent historically. And there is actually a very good response to Joe Bradda who is running that business which is terrific because one of the things that is important as firm goes forward is that you have a new generation of management and I get all kinds of like unsolicited positive things to actually show goes a business somebody, usually followed by some large amount of money which I guess is the best way to express your love and appreciation of someone in the finance business. So I think that all seems to be going well in that area.
Tony James: Yes, I'll just add, we have a hard cap of $17.5 billion on that. As you know we've had a pattern of getting our hard cash so we are optimistic about this one. On the fiduciary duty clause which I think what you are referring to, I don't think that's going to affect us much. I think it will -- you can argue it will help us because -- in various ways because I think our performance and the return we gave will make us sort of easy choice and other choices a bit more difficult. But I don't, I haven't really studied the details of that so much. I think some of the things like some of those private client products with huge loads and things like that will be challenged. We will see how that all plays out.
Stephen Schwarzman: I think longer term in the interest of the regulatory apparatus to provide access to retirement products are alterative asset in liquid products. Given the safety of products historically and the nature of our performance to deny people access to these products to somehow be protecting them. So that they can earn lower returns. So they don't have as much money to retire with. Strikes me as a very odd policy outcome and I would suspect at some point that will change because it is illogical for it not to change large part because most people don't have adequate money to retire. So I am hopeful that there will be change in that area though I can't predict when that will happen. But it so illogical to take the position that we are in now. The change should come at some point and when it does it sort of the leading brand name in our business with the kind of performance across the board that could be very, very good thing for the firm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan representing JMP. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Hey, thanks, good morning. Question for me on the leverage lending market and volumes are down year-to-date. You are not sure how much of that is demand versus supply. But just curious if you are seeing any change in the timeline to organize financing and bring deals together in private equity just given some larger banks have been little less active in that market. And then if it is that if you are is that create opportunities for you just given your probably better cost of funding. I am just curious what you are seeing in that market right now.
Tony James: There is definitely resistance to leverage over 6x EBITDA and that has increased I suppose. There are lenders you can go that are not subject to that but they are obviously they are narrower group. So in general we drive on capital structures to that sort of leverage level. Frankly, we don't like to be much above that leverage level anyway. So it is not much of an impediment. There aren't many businesses to justify more leverage than that on them. So I would say it is not so much more time. I think the banks in general are short, don't have enough opportunities to put attractive earning asset on the books. This is why you have them for example asking negative interest rates and asking giving back deposits and asking depositors to pay the bank and all these kind of strange stuff. So the appetite is there and I don't think the timing or the structuring of the deal or anything is really that impacted of it. But you are not going to see a -- you are going to see a big deals that require leverage of more than 6x will be slower and will be harder.
Stephen Schwarzman: Even absolute leverage which I thought was part embedded in your question is lower just because with higher prices, private equity investors are typically more cautious which creates sort of fewer deals for the industry not necessarily for us in certain specialty cases. But for the industry which is just less business for the bank to prosecute.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt representing Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hi, guys. Thanks for the follow up. I have a bar question, you had a pretty good relationship historically with the Chinese government and we are increasingly seeing some cracks in the data we are getting from there. I guess the question is broadly how concerned are you in terms of the direction of that economy and more specifically to Blackstone exposures that you already have in the current portfolio?
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. We don't have a lot of exposure as investors but the impact of China is that it is slowing, is just there for off and on for like two weeks and they talk about the new normal with great pride actually and what it means we are slowing down. Except publicly that their target is seven, they are very specific. They said around seven. So the reason they probably said around seven there is a good expectation it would be lower than seven. So they didn't want to hang themselves on seven. And they reported seven just in the first quarter. So what's happening is their export model is being challenged by their own prosperity. It is sort of an odd thing that when Xi Jinping took over he basically said I want to make my people more affluent, the average person more affluent. And to the extent that he achieved that having cheap labor to drive export, collapses on itself if you will. So they know they have to pivot their economy and move to a different, more mature model with more consumption in services and things of that type which is what they are in process of doing. That will be a complicated thing because China doesn't provide the way you might suspect in a sort of old age protection and medical protection that some of the developed world countries of course provide. So people have very high savings there like 40% plus. So they got to drag those savings out and put them into the economy which means they are now going to be putting in enhanced governmental safety net, so that's being designed. Actually that one of our old friends, finance minister Lou Jiwei in-charge of CIC. So they are building that at the same time they are pivoting the economy. And this is a lot to deal with and I think the expectation is that in terms of over shooting or under shooting expectation, their economy will probably under shoot. What fascinating is it's still huge. Whether -- you pick a number, it doesn't matter what it is. Whether it is six or something even lower, it is huge. And what is in fact the same growth that they have in absolute terms a few years ago. So they got a lot of complex things in their financial system. They got enormous reserves and those are the biggest in the world, nobody close, roughly $4.8 trillion of reserves and they are working on getting their economy in the good zone there. I think they will also be using this infrastructure investment bank; they take $90 billion of their reserves, $50 billion for the infrastructure bank and $40 billion for the so called program which is also building restructure. And they are going to be able I think to use their surplus capacity within China. Whether it is steel or other types of infrastructure type stuff they build for themselves. And they are going to start building it for other countries, which is a very intelligent thing. And I think they will have the rest of the world actually paying for that. So sometimes I think your interest to do good things for other people. And I think that's the benefit they are going to get from their infrastructure bank. So that sort of the China story. We have a number of investments there. I think they will all do quite well. They are oriented to the service center sector, an IT or medical which are tw0 big targets as part of their economic pivot. Deals are tough to do there. Actually deals are easy to there if you want to pay very high prices and they are hard to do if you are really trying to buy value. So we have a great team and a lot of disciplined what we are doing. I think we like but at the moment it won't be a huge consumer of capital for private equity but it will be for real estate because real estate has different asset classes doing either not so well or well. And so in the area that it is doing well as part of their middle class growing and so forth their malls and logistics because this huge burst of activity with their internet and internet shopping, they all need enormous logistic support and so being part of that chain is a very good thing. So like in any large economy, the second biggest in the world. I am giving you too long an answer but actually know something about this. That all is not good all is not bad. And their sectors that we think are going to do extremely well and there will be sectors that won't and you will have gradually slowing economy. And the biggest impact is on the emerging markets because they won't be consuming these many commodities. China buys just in the grosser sense like 50% of lot of the commodities in the world. They are the commodity market and when they cut back, boy you feel it. Whether you are in the oil business, whether you are particularly in the iron ore business which is one example and other commodities, wow, you really -- they really impact the market in a very fundamental way. And so that kind of super cycle in commodities will -- for most commodities have a tough time coming back and that will affect variety of countries all over the world. Whether that's in Asia or in Africa or Latin America or the Middle East or Russia or Canada. People, the big resource countries will feel anything with China. And that's the biggest issue with China in a funny way, its impact, it shadow, it will cast over other countries as it changes its mix and its economy. That's the long form answer.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back to Ms. Joan Solotar for any closing remarks.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, everyone. And we are available for any follow up question.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Investor Call. I'd now like to hand the call over to Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, External Relations and Strategy. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, Lisa, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Conference Call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued our press release and slide presentation illustrating our results, and you can find that on our website, and we're going to file our 10-K in late February. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control, and actual results may differ materially. After discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please check the Risk Factors section of the 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements, and we will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, and to find reconciliations, please look at the press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on the call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported economic net income, or ENI, per unit of $1.25 for the fourth quarter, that's our second best ever, and $3.76 per unit for the full year, which is a record and 22% above 2013, with double-digit increases in both performance and management fees. We also had record results in distributable earnings, $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter, that's $0.92 per common unit and that was up 35% year-over-year. And for the full year, it was $2.51 per common unit that was up 61%. We will be paying the distribution of $0.78 per common unit, that's to unit holders of record as of February 9, 2015, and that's our largest quarterly distribution ever. And know the cupboard isn't dry, as you'll soon hear. And I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Thanks a lot, Joan, and good morning and thank you for joining our call. 2014 was a terrific year for Blackstone, our fund investors and our unit holders. After breaking several asset and earnings records in 2013, we again shattered those records in 2014. Our realization activity continues to accelerate with a near doubling of realized performance fees during the year. And our stock is now yielding a remarkable 7% for our unit holders. This 7% yield makes little sense to me in the world of ultralow interest rates, and especially given Blackstone's enormous momentum. 2014 was also a record year for capital raised, new investments, realizations, and both total and fee earning assets under management. I believe it's quite unusual for any firm in asset management to achieve great results in all of these areas at the same time, which is what Blackstone, again, delivered in 2014. Our AUM has compounded at a 16% rate since we went public in 2007, and this growth is despite the extremely negative impact on financial and money management companies from the global financial crisis, that's 16% compound growth since we went public. Our economic net income and cash earnings have both doubled at a compound rate -- excuse me, at double-digit rates over the same period. We've been able to achieve this sustained growth, because of the very long record of outperformance across the broad spectrum of alternative asset classes since 1987. This outperformance in different alternative classes for almost 30 years is the most important driver of the wide moat around our businesses. And it is the key reason why white space for others, who've only recently entered these alternative asset classes, remains white space. Blackstone is unique. And while the stock market has not yet reached the logical conclusion to distinguish us from peers by awarding a premium multiple, our LPs have for many years distinguished us by entrusting us with as much new capital as the next 4 largest alternative managers combined. I believe it's only a matter of time before you reach a similar conclusion. We are completely focused on delivering excellent investment performance, net of fees. As good stewards of our investors capital, we practice the art of the long view, and we think not in months and quarters, but in years and decades. This output is consistent, rational and yields great investment returns and further growth. And for the second year in a row, Blackstone is the most profitable public asset manager in the world. Just want to repeat that, for the second year in a row, Blackstone is the most profitable public asset manager in the world. In 2014, as Tony mentioned, our Private Equity funds rose 22% for the year, while our Real Estate funds were up 21%. Our credit drawdown funds had gross returns of 15% to 25%. While some of our other individual funds were above or below those composite numbers, overall, our returns again dramatically beat global markets with the all country stock index simply flat for the year with us being up 21% and 22%. Our full year composite returns in Private Equity and Real Estate were between 700 basis points and 800 basis points, better than the S&P 500 Total Return Index, which, as you know, had a very good year, up 13.7%. We believe that the combination of sustained low interest rates and low oil prices will have a positive impact on the U.S. economy for 2015, where the majority of our assets are located. That said, market volatility has significantly increased recently with sharp swings in stocks, currencies and high yield markets, particularly concerning the energy sector. As markets correct, they present the potential for abnormal deal flow with favorable risk adjusted returns. With one of the industry's largest pools of dry powder capital at $46 billion, we can move quickly to take advantage of a vintage or a market opportunity in a large scale way. We can also rapidly raise additional capital to take further advantage of investment opportunities. This was the case with our European Real Estate fund in 2014, where we raised over EUR 5 billion in just 6 months and then upsized it to EUR 6.6 billion by going back to our original investors 6 months later to keep up with our rapid investment pace and the opportunities there. By the way, having our European Real Estate funds denominated in euros has helped insulate our investors from the recent sharp decline in the euro. Now, we're doing it in the energy space where we just raised our new $4.5 billion Private Equity energy fund in only a few months again. The timing of having that capital available now really couldn't be better, and we're accelerating our plans to raise additional capital to augment our existing large energy business at GSO, which is higher up in the capital structure. In total, Blackstone raised $19 billion in the fourth quarter, and as Tony mentioned, $57 billion for 2014, which we believe is a record year for any alternative asset management firm with no one close. While these numbers are quite exceptional without qualification, it is noteworthy that they were achieved without either of our flagship global Private Equity or Real Estate funds, which have begun marketing in 2015, and historically have been our largest funds. Inflow from these funds will start in the first half of this year. In terms of investment pace in 2014, we deployed a record $26 billion in capital. The capital we deploy each year sows the seeds that produce earnings a few years out after we improve these companies and real estate investments. Our 2014 investments when coupled with our current level of management and incentive fee earnings should generate around $3 per share in total cash earnings, assuming no growth in our asset base. In other words, to understand Blackstone, if we never grow our AUM and simply freeze the business with the same types of general returns we're making today, we would generate approximately $3 per share in cash earnings with no growth, and we are growing rapidly. We continue to build out the firm in the same way that we have since inception. We identify an opportunity, move our best people to launch new funds and quickly build scale, rapidly turning them into market leaders. This also provides a great career path for our exceptionally talented younger professionals and partners. We don't franchise out investment decisions, and this protects our investors and the Blackstone brand name. For example, when we first launched our Tactical Opportunities business in 2012, we identified a market opportunity, we staffed it with a great team of professionals from across our businesses led by David Blitzer, and we were able to raise over $5 billion in a short time. Two years later, we're back in the market with our second fund raise, which we think will be as large as the first. I mentioned our second energy fund, which is double the size of the first where we have the same team that's been investing in energy in our Private Equity business for many years. In the real estate debt area, we started at 0, buying real estate debt at a discount in 2008, and we've turned that business into a $9 billion platform with multiple vehicles, investing across mezzanine, liquid CMBS and senior mortgages, all with great internal growth. The list of these types of things that we do goes on and on. Having successes again and again does not come from simply buying a market or getting caught up in a trend. In Real Estate, for example, a discipline around buying good assets at a discount to replacement value with a view toward what we can do to improve the asset and drive value has allowed us to develop a dominant position. We're the largest purchaser of real estate in the world. This is our buy it, fix it, sell it strategy. I know many of you will continue to ask about our energy exposure, as you did on the earlier call, which is one of the most frequently asked questions in the investment business today. In Private Equity, we sold much of our exposure to oil prices early last year, and overall, our portfolio is quite diversified. Many of our assets are oil price agnostic, including energy transportation infrastructure where we have offtake agreements, merchant power, renewables and other types of energy-oriented investing. In fact, less than 1/4 of our energy exposure is impacted by oil prices. In Credit, we also feel great about our portfolio, which is diversified across subsectors and commodities, and where we're generally protected by being more senior in the capital structure. Energy has been a significant and very successful sector for us, and we've been without question one of the top performers in the world over long periods of time. Our first energy fund, for example, has already achieved a 34% net annual return, which is in line with the performance of our overall energy portfolio since 1997. Imagine that, returns in the mid-30%s since 1997. We've also had consistent leadership over the last decade, which is largely home grown. This experience through cycles and our relationships with talented industry executives gives us both access to proprietary deal flow and a discipline to not chase marquee deals at cyclical peaks. Energy investing is not as simple as buying a market, which would be a bad idea and is why many investors will lose money investing even today, despite asset price declines. Our team does not underwrite new investments that require above mid-cycle commodity prices to earn an acceptable return, rather they look for mispriced assets where our management teams can create value via levers that we can control. Examples could be lowering the cost per well drilled, designing better wells to extract a higher percentage of the oil in place, cutting overhead costs and picking the time and form of our exit. And we capitalize these investments conservatively to survive a cycle. We are incredibly well positioned to take advantage of the distress that is now engulfing many companies in the industry and expect to see many unique opportunities in distressed debt, recapitalization, new equity investments, capital expenditure programs, farm outs and the other types of things that Tony mentioned. As is always the case, we will stick to our discipline and patience in finding the best investments. Looking forward, 2015 is shaping up to be a very big fundraising year. Aside from the global funds, which I mentioned, we're also seeing great traction with several new and innovative products, which could grow to be quite sizable grow over time. For example, our Real Estate Core Plus strategy has already reached $4 billion in its first year. BAAM's retail registered product platform is up to $3.2 billion across several funds, and there are many, many opportunities to expand our presence to retail investors throughout the firm. We raised $11 billion from the retail channel this year and expect that number to grow significantly. We're building out Senfina, BAAM's multi-strat -- well, we call it multi-strat, other people call it multi-strategy trading platform, in order to provide additional capacity and diversification for our clients, and that's getting a lot of interest. And at GSO, we're raising a new European Direct Lending Fund, for which we're targeting approximately EUR 2 billion by this spring. I'd like to finish my remarks today with a few comments on our culture. No firm can grow at our rate with our outstanding investment results over close to a 30-year period without an extraordinary culture. Our culture is defined by extremely talented individuals, a passion for excellence, enormous energy and responsiveness and a real sense of mission and integrity. It's a place where people know each other and want each other to succeed. We are risk averse as a culture, but we're also looking for unusual upside opportunities. Our business is to protect our investors capital and find ways to dramatically outperform any relevant index. Our support people share our sense of mission and excellence in all they do as well. Our culture is enduring, it's mutually reinforcing, and it's almost impossible for anyone to be here at Blackstone without sharing these core values. This enables us to adapt very quickly to shifting opportunities and risks, and you could see the result of that in our strong performance year after year. It's a privilege for me to work here at Blackstone. And while I couldn't be more pleased with the firm's extraordinary results, I'm most excited for what the future holds. I thank you for your support and look forward to sharing together in our continued success. With that, I'll turn the call over to LT.
Laurence A. Tosi: Thank you, Steve. As Steve pointed out, the basic design of Blackstone is to raise long-term locked up capital from the world's most sophisticated investors and to compete in markets that consistently generate the highest returns in asset management across cycles. It follows that as the leader in the highest returning markets, that Blackstone, again, leads all public asset managers in growth, margins, earnings and distributions. In 2014, fund performance across Blackstone drove what we call asset-based expansion of $81 billion. Of that total, $24 billion was generated by fund appreciation and $57 billion from inflows, which when combined easily outpace the $31 billion of fee-paying capital returned to investors. All four investment businesses materially contributed to this asset-based expansion, each contributing between $14 billion to $24 billion to the total. This expansion also proved once again that higher returns and realizations are positively correlated to investor demand and strong inflows. Blackstone's continued asset-based expansion also builds earnings power as revenues reached a record $7.5 billion, up from 14% from the prior year. Private Equity and Real Estate, as Steve said, had 20%-plus appreciation, and that helped drive performance fees and investment income to $5 billion, also up 15% from the prior year. Management fees also showed strong growth, up 12% to a record $2.6 billion, with double-digit growth in all 4 business segments. Advisory had one of its best years ever on a surge in M&A activity and continued strength in capital placement and restructuring. In fact, each business contributed materially and in different ways to our 2014 results, combining to create a consistency and balance that we believe is unique. Private Equity had the highest economy income growth. Real Estate led in distributable earnings, our hedge platform in fee earnings and Credit in inflows. Every business did its part. The firm's earnings power was also evident in the revenue mix shift towards higher margin performance fees, resulting in $4.3 billion of ENI, or $3.76 per unit, up 24% from the prior year. Realizations were even more -- were up even more, growing 51% to $45 billion, which included $21 billion of gain for our LPs, which drove distributable earnings to $3.1 billion, or $2.51 a unit, up 61%. Net realized performance fees and realized investment income were up 106%, demonstrating growing and not diminishing momentum for realizations. Blackstone's operating model and broad fund mandates drives superior profitability and investor returns. Blackstone has consistently had margins in excess of 50%, reflecting the fact that we have built in talent leverage with each business being managed by a single integrated global investment team, managing a growing number of funds with a high degree of investor overlap. Additionally, the firm remains very disciplined on costs and has a fixed compensation ratios across all businesses. Similarly, we have contained controllable non-compensation cost growth to just half the rate of fee earning asset growth or about 6% in 2014. This discipline has rewarded in margin expansion and can accommodate the strategic initiatives of each business to successfully invest in high-growth opportunities without sacrificing financial performance. In my remarks last January, I tried to draw attention to what we see as the forward indicators that investors can look to for guidance to Blackstone's future performance. One key indicator is the net accrued performance fees and the realization rate of those fees. At the beginning of 2014, we had $3.4 billion of net accrued performance fees. Despite the fact that Blackstone realized or had a realization rate of 53% of that amount in 2014, which totaled $1.8 billion, we still managed to grow the net performance fee receivable for the sixth straight year. In fact, it was up 34% to $4.6 billion, which translates to almost $4 per unit in future earnings. At the end of 2014, 61% of the net performance fee receivable, which is roughly $2.42 per unit, was either a public security or an asset in liquidation. That balance is 50% higher than a year ago, and 10% higher than the figure I just gave you in June during Investor Day, indicating that the realization rate for '15 should remain high. Following on Steve's remarks on earnings momentum, maybe we can look at it a slightly different way. One way to think about exit rate earnings is by applying last year's 53% realization rate to the current receivable balance, which would generate $2.10 per unit in net performance fees in 2015. Add that to the $0.85 in fee earnings this year and the exit rate comes to just over $3 a unit without any further accruals or inflows. When you think about accruals and inflows for 2015, however, keep in mind there is a compounding effect built into Blackstone's earnings model whereby we effectively create new performance fee paying assets through fund asset appreciation. Blackstone currently has $150 billion of assets earning performance fees, that total is up 33% over last year even though $45 billion of assets were returned to investors. That growth in the fee earning -- performance fee earning assets is a multiple of the fund returns as it represents the cumulative impact of new assets invested, inflows and appreciation. Said differently, a lower level of return over a greater asset base produces greater financial returns. In fact, without additional inflows and deployed capital, we only need 75% of the appreciation we experienced in '14, to see similar performance fee revenues and asset-base expansion in '15. As Steve pointed out, the appreciation outlook remains positive. As of the end of the year, the operating fundamentals remain strong as well in Private Equity with EBITDA growth of over 8%, well above the S&P average, and Real Estate fundamentals accelerated in the second half of '14 as oil prices and low rates has a positive impact on demand across asset classes. Evidencing the carryover of this momentum into '15, we should point out that realization activity remains robust, as we already have closed or announced $6 billion of realizations in the first few weeks of the first quarter alone. A final comment on capital and distributions. The firm ended the year with $9 of cash and investments per unit on the balance sheet, up 24% from the end of 2013. Based on the continued financial strength, largely flat share count over many years, and conservative capital positioning of the firm, that garners us an A+, A+ rating. We intend to continue to distribute approximately 85% of distributable earnings going forward, that will include gains on investments. This policy reflects our confidence in our ability to grow our capital base through fund returns and growth without negatively impacting the higher rate of Blackstone's future growth. The payout represents among the best-in-class payout ratio for an asset manager, something we believe Blackstone can and should maintain for its unit owners over the long term. With that, thank you very much, and we'll open it for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: I just wanted to circle back on energy here. I was wondering, could you share with us your net IRR targets and capital raising targets for both the second energy PE fund and also the new energy debt fund? And also, its looks like BREP I was only marked down modestly for 4Q, can you also talk about the sequential change in valuation adjustments in 4Q, given what you've seen in the public side and also on the mark-to-model side?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. Well, it's Tony. Let me take a whack at that one. We're going to hit our hard cap on the new Private Equity -- Energy Private Equity fund at $4.5 billion. And just remember that every energy deal is split between that fund and the main fund. So to invest that fund, we have to invest something like $8.5 billion of energy investments over the next 5 or 6 years, so just FYI. The Credit funds would be several billion dollars, but to be determined. The IRRs, well, we think will exceed the 20% bogey that we deliver to our investors year-in, year-out. In Energy, we've exceeded by a lot, but it doesn't mean that that's our -- and we always hope to, but we're not necessarily underwriting to do that. And...
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, he was asking about GSO's targets...
Hamilton Evans James: No, I did that. I said that, the Credit funds, yeah.
Joan Solotar: Performance in the fourth quarter.
Hamilton Evans James: Performance in fourth quarter. Well, this is what Steve was saying. We sold a lot of our oil, it's only -- we only have about less than 1/4 of the portfolio is oil exposure. By the way, in the other portfolio, the other 75% are a bunch of assets that benefit from lower oil and gas prices, because they are energy assets that are downstream, in other words, they generate power and things and they use energy as feedstock. So it's not like our portfolio all moves up and down with energy prices.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: In fact, actually Craig, if you look across both GSO and Private Equity, the cumulative total impact of oil prices last year was less than 50 basis points. I think you would find that to be really quite an unusual performance compared to virtually everybody else who invests in that sector, no matter who they are.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Just a question about future investment returns in a low-growth, low-inflation environment. And with the backup in credit spreads and regulator looking more closely at levered loan market, how do you think about hitting your hurdle rate on opportunistic strategies, and to what extent is there a greater focus today on the operational improvements in portfolio companies and the role of information technology? And I guess, just lastly around that, what's your view on availability of leverage going forward?
Laurence A. Tosi: Sorry, would you say that last part again.
Joan Solotar: View of leverage going forward.
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay. So we -- all of our investment strategies, well, particularly in Real Estate and Private Equity, are heavily driven by intervention in the fortunes of the company and creating our own value. We cannot make returns simply by buying a company, levering it and selling it. We don't create value and make a significant difference in the fortune of the company -- we dont make the investment and we dont make the -- because we can't make the returns our investors expect. So that's point one. Point two is the touch stone that we look at above all else is unlevered returns. Leverage is an amplifier, but if you don't earn good basic, solid, unlevered returns, it will amplify the upside but it'll also amplify the downside and leverage always adds a risk. So our touch stone is we have to earn unlevered returns above what the public stock market will give equity investors. We do that by buying right, by being smart about that, but also by the operational intervention that I mentioned. So leverage for us is not the critical driver. If we have a little less leverage, we might have slightly lower returns on a piece of paper, but we'll also have lower risk and more consistency and not necessarily much different fund level returns. So we're generally -- in terms of amount of the leverage, we're generally getting 5x to 6x leverage or times EBITDA today, and very often we're buying companies where we're actually taking much less, because they're more growth oriented or one thing or another or because we just feel like its too much leverage, we want to see a lot of paydown to derisk the investment over time. So many times, we don't actually take all the leverage that the market offers us.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And that's just in the Private Equity field. The firm is much, much bigger than just a Private Equity business. In Real Estate business, we're keeping the same types of returns. We're seeing lot of places to deploy money, particularly in Europe borrowing has been no issue. And in our Real Estate businesses and in our Credit businesses, they've benefited by some of the blowout in spreads that have happened where -- and less capital available, particularly in certain types of industries as will Private Equity. So for example, the energy area is going to be a very good thing for us, and there is way more things to do then there is money to do it and certainly expertise. So I think what Tony was saying, of course, is on the mark, it's a little more difficult in terms of volume of the easy things to do in Private Equity, it's easier at the bottom of the cycles, but at the bottom of the cycles, what you find is nobody wants to sell you anything either. So we've lived through these types of market conditions and done quite well with them. But fixing things up is really important and we don't buy anything unless we've got a road to dramatically increasing the performance of the company.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bill Katz.
William R. Katz: First question is a little tactical in nature, but it looks like the comp line was a bit more volatile then we were anticipating despite pretty good realization dynamics. Just sort of walk through, was there some year end accrual adjustments? Or how are you thinking about that in the concept of your profitability levels?
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay. Bill, it's LT. So you're looking at the ENI comp ratio, and there's a couple of facts. It is related to some of the factors you just mentioned. So we talked about the biggest factor you do have an earnings shift because you're now seeing more performance fees come through both on a realized and unrealized basis. And so that's affecting comp ratios to the downside, because we typically have a comp ratio on fee-related earnings between 48% and 50%, and we're closer to 45% on performance fees. The second piece is, we were typically conservatively accrued on comp bill over the course of the year, and so that leads to a seasonally lower comp ratio in the fourth quarter. A third and smaller factor is, we made the decision in the fourth quarter to change the vesting schedule on some of the deferred shares that we give. They used to immediately vest, we changed that to a 3-year ratable vest, frankly to pick up the retention characteristics that are helpful with that, so impacts advisory and BAAM in particular. And then last piece is, Bill, that in some of the pre-IPO deals that are coming through, there is a lower comp ratio than the typical 45% that we guide to for performance fees. So when you're looking at BREP IV, V, and VI, BCP IV and BCP V when they have an outsized impact on the earnings, you do see it come down over time. And that will continue because there's still $22 billion of assets across those 5 funds, and so it will continue, but it will be to the lower side over time.
William R. Katz: Okay. That's very helpful color. Second question is and this is probably rich man's problem for you guys, your gross sales are very strong and your realization seems like they're going to stay strong, so that dynamic seems to put a little bit of sideways pressure on fee-paying AUM. So I'm sort of curious, as you think about that aspect for 2015, just given the ins and the outs, would you expect to see a leveling off of fee-paying AUM growth? Or could you actually see a reacceleration of growth despite a higher realization backdrop?
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, this year, despite all that, realizations and so forth, fee-paying AUM was up 9%, which is not so bad, because most other people in our industry shrink when things like that happen, and were going to grow through that. I think without predicting what this will be next year, I think we mentioned that we're going into a cycle with our largest funds out in the fund-raising cycle. And so, I don't think you need to be worrying about what's embedded in your question that we're somehow going to go into some other sort of shrinking mode or something of that type that might be a concern.
Joan Solotar: And Bill, just to add on, looking through all of the analyst's models, actually where there was a little bit of overestimation was on the marketable side. So it really didn't have to do with the realizations, which were strong. It was that there was an assumption of stronger growth in BAAM and GSO.
Laurence A. Tosi: And for '15, we're expecting a couple of mega funds coming in. And so, I think it should be a good year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Marc Irizarry from Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry: On the Real Estate business, I'm curious how you sort of see the realization environment shaping up in 2015? I guess, there is still a good portion of the Real Estate portfolio is private, and as it exits, I'm curious how sort of the private versus public exits are kind of shaping up for you?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: This is Steve. We see a very rigorous environment for realizations for Real Estate. There's a lot of liquidity, a lot of our properties have done what they've been asked to do, if you will, in terms of improvement. So we're quite optimistic about that, Marc.
Laurence A. Tosi: And Marc, we expect basically higher realizations in '15 than in '14, and I should say it's both public and private. There is a very robust private bid, but there is -- public market acceptance has been good too. So it's all across the board.
Marc S. Irizarry: Okay. And then, can you just give us a read on the Private Equity portfolio's performance? How much of that was sort of multiples or markets versus sort of the underlying operating performance? And then, what is that kind of telling you about the sort of go forward environment for 2015, maybe in the U.S., but also globally potentially?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. So most of that's driven -- it's not multiple for the most part, it's operational performance. And as I mentioned earlier, our portfolio companies are continuing to grow their revenues and EBITDA in the high-single digits and continue to grow that at a premium to the S&P 500, which considerably buys what are generally considered to be mature companies is pretty good, but it is testimony to our operational intervention. That premium over the S&P -- I would say, the growth rate is slowing down a little bit as it is for the S&P. So the premium is being maintained. And some of that, of course, is currency translation, our companies that are global companies when the dollar is strong and euro is weak, that's reflected in currency translation. So that's whats the main driver for the value accretion. The other thing that's a driver is when we actually do liquidations, we tend to do the actual realization event at a premium to what we've been carrying at to our mark. And so, you'll see actually even though we do try to mark our assets conservatively but fairly, but when we have a realization event, it's almost always at a premium to the mark. LT, what's its been averaging.
Laurence A. Tosi: So over a very long period of time, it's been close to 20% to 25%, but frankly in a more -- as you would say, Tony, benign market, it's actually higher than that. So over the last year, it was closer to 30% plus. So the proceeds realized versus our mark immediately prior. So in high realization periods, that will play through the ENI as well as the DE.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Just, I guess, just 2 if I may. So one, LT, what do we have left for the BCP V catch up going into 1Q '15? And then the second one would be on fund raising. Aside from the big mega funds, what's the outlook for fund raising in BAAM and then in Credit? And is the growth that you mentioned deep in retail, $11 billion last year, and better in this year, is that mostly in those 2 segments?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: So Brian, morning. I'll take the first question, which is right now, we're about 65% of the way through the catch up. I'll add one slight wrinkle to that you should think about on timing, which is the realization catch-up is only really 44% of the way through. So if you see a little bit of -- I saw on some of the reports this morning that people saw higher unrealized and less realized out of BCP V, the reason for that is there is more catch up to go in realizations than there is in unrealized, but we are 65% of the way through.
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay. On the fund raising, I think you'll be mistaken to think that the only fund raising we're doing are out of 2 mega funds. We've got tac-ops, which is actually having a very successful fund raising as we speak. We've got strategic partners with 3 or 4 products in the market. We've got a number of products in the market at GSO, and BAAM continues to be on a roll. So it's pretty much across -- oh, and by the way, Real Estate has also got a bunch of SMAs and the Core Plus business, which is also doing very well. So I would say across the board, every silo has multiple funds and we probably overplayed those, the mega funds in terms of -- if you have the impression that was pretty much it. And the retail products, they reflect a lot of that stuff. I mean, there is a retail distribution in every fund and every silo.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Our evergreen funds are probably underestimated, which are funds that are constantly in the market. And that's been averaging better than $1 billion a month over the last year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Kim from Sandler.
Michael S. Kim: My question has to do with one of the concepts that we've been hearing about more recently around sort of longer dated funds. Just wondering, if you could sort of talk about the thinking behind these strategies as it relates to potential returns, fee structures and/or holding periods, and how they might, sort of, fit into your product development plans going forward?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. So I think in a low return environment, LPs are compensating for lower compounding rates with longer duration. And at the end of the day, if they do that right, they could still accomplish their funding goals. And so, I think there is more appetite for people rather than getting frustrated by not getting a lot of 20 returns and having their money sit in public markets, which are probably average going to -- most economists say, their forward projections are for 4% to 5% return in public markets, that'll be something like 2% in treasuries and 3% to 4% in bonds and 5% to 6% in public equities. So if that's your public market thing, it's not a bad thing to basically park a lot of money in something that yields or returns low-double digits and let that money sit out there and work for you, work for you, work for you and compound. And so, that's the thinking that's causing some of these people to want to go to infrastructure funds where we have some interesting things working, to Core Plus Real Estate, to something we call Core Private Equity, all of those things share that in common. And I think they are all at significant return premiums over what the public market offers, but longer duration and most of them because of the lower compounding rates, i.e. double-digits instead of 20s on a gross basis have lower fee and carry structures, but for us, we don't eat IRR. In our business, carry is -- what drives the value of the carry is the multiple of money, it is the dollar gain, not the IRR. So for us, these can be very -- over time, very attractive fund structures in terms of driving distributable gains. And they are also attractive because the duration of the assets mean that we don't have to keep giving the money back quite as fast so it can compound, if you follow that. So for us, I think it's really -- and by the way, it's also somewhat lower risk in general. So the appetite -- we're talking some very big numbers in terms of the potential here. I can't remember what Steve threw out last time on Core Plus Real Estate, but I think it was a $100 million -- $100 billion number over 10 years. So these can get very, very large and LPs are more comfortable with bigger allocations to some of these things.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Glenn Schorr from Evercore.
Glenn Schorr: You mentioned the $11 billion raised from the retail channel this year, and you seem to be obviously expanding the product set. I'm curious where you think you're at in terms of penetration on the channels, penetration of the end user client, because we were starting at such a low level. And if there should be a natural seasoning, nevermind your good performance, but a natural seasoning that raises those numbers over the next couple of years.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Well, I think we've mentioned before that only 2% of retail investors assets are in alternatives. And within that 2% bucket, there's a lot of liquid type of products that they are buying. The institutional market is about 20%. So the scale of the opportunity at Real Estate -- excuse me, at Retail is really, really very large, and you can come up with a lot of different estimates for what that might be. And I think that part of it is constrained by some regulations that were created in the 1930s when alternatives didn't even exist that limits access to certain types of our products to the public whereas the downside has proven to be completely negligible unlike the stock market and the upside has proven to be very powerful. And ultimately to provide for peoples retirements, which right now most Americans are in desperate trouble to finance their own retirement, somebody ought to change these antiquated laws and provide access to products of our full slate. And I'm hopeful that over time, if you want to dream the dream and people do rational things, because how are people are going to retire, it's not on social security, that's not enough money for most Americans. And we're one of the major answers for that. So the numbers could be very, very large over time, but one thing, I think, for sure is they are going up as more and more people have better and better experiences with these products.
Laurence A. Tosi: I can point out one thing about penetration. We look very closely, Glenn, at who is buying the funds when they are put in front of high net worth advisors, how many advisors -- how many of their clients are putting in the funds, what the assets are and each metric is showing growing momemtum, which confirms our original strategy what we thought that the Blackstone brand would have a lot of affinity. So each time, regardless of the fund that comes in, we're seeing more advisors put more of their clients and more assets to work. And that's why you're seeing the trend go from a couple of billion dollars only 3 years ago to the $11 billion that Tony and Steve gave you today. So there is definite penetration, but that still remains far short. The typical high net worth client is only penetrated in alternatives, as Steve defined it, as 2% to 3%, and they should be somewhere between 10% and 15% and depending on where they are in their earnings life cycle, maybe higher. So there is a long way to go, and we're designing now products that are actually specifically tailored to that audience and also products that let them get around some of the issues of periodic fund raises, et cetera, so those are the dynamics.
Glenn Schorr: I appreciate. The only other question I have is -- and forgive me if it's not right, correct me, but historically, I thought of Blackstone as more of a opportunist than general list investors, especially in both Real Estate and Private Equity and the funds you would open would have open mandates to allow you to go and seek out the best opportunities. Now I'm thinking mostly about energy right now, but you happen to be opening more energy specific funds. I'm curious if that's a little bit of a shift in thinking going to where the demand is? Or it's just really good timing because we're about to have some great opportunities to invest on the energy side?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, we've always tried to be take advantage of opportunities that market gave us. So back in 2008, we set up a bunch of credit vehicles, we thought credit was way oversold and set up some dedicated vehicles to buy bank loans and other credit, because we thought it was a great opportunity. Of course, it worked out very well. We think energy is topical on that. But one thing you got to remember about energy though it's out gargantuan sector. It's not just oil and gas, it's got all kinds of power development, pipelines, transmission, refineries, products, service companies, capital goods companies, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And it's global and it's something like over 10% of all the capital expending in the world is on energy-related stuff. In the emerging markets, there is massive development -- power development opportunities of which we're availing ourselves. There's a huge renewables sector where we have dedicated teams. So there's -- the thing that's different about energy than other sectors is it's really big, it's global and as I mentioned in an earlier answer, some parts of energy are correlated positively with oil and gas prices, some parts negatively and some parts not at all. And so, there's almost always something to play there. But more generally, we don't see hiving a lot -- we don't see really changing our strategy. Its worked really well for us over many years. We believe in the generalist fund, we believe in the global fund, but where we see a lot of opportunity, we also believe in offering that to our clients.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: Within Hedge Fund Solutions, can you elaborate on the redemption trends. I think you cited in the release certain strategic shifts in programs and wanted to get a little more color on that? And then, maybe how CalPERS decision associated with their exposure may or may not be affecting the conversations that you guys are having with clients in that segment?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. So, I think our redemption trends are stable, I guess, for lack of a better word. I mean, we always -- inevitably when you have as many clients as we do and their strategies and needs changes, you have some redemptions, but at the same time, new clients continue to be significantly greater than that. In terms of CalPERS, I don't -- we're seeing a lot of interest still in institutions for hedge funds, because frankly it's a way they get to play the equity market with lower risk. And a lot of people are feeling like this is a risky time, but they still want some equity exposure, and frankly the other alternatives out there aren't all that great, obviously, with near 0 interest rates. So I think the CalPERS decision really was, I think, the right one, what we feel for them, because their program had not delivered the returns that it should have. I think it was 3%, 3.5% and their hedge fund index was 6% or 7%. So, it was well below. We've delivered returns above the hedge fund index by the way. And so -- and I think they made the right decision. It was an expensive program to run for them. I think it was designed with some constraints that, sort of, doomed them to not have as good results as they would have liked. So I think it was a courageous decision by the new CIO and the right one. But I don't think it's endemic or indicative of an endemic mindset, if you will, on the institutional investors in general.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Lee from KBW.
Robert Lee: I have a question on the capital markets business. If I recall, that business is going to stay with you, and the advisory business is being spun off. So if could you maybe help size that for us and maybe update us on, kind of, how you -- what you're thinking about for that business and the plans there?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. Well, the capital markets business is a nice profitable little business for us, and that's one advantage admittedly. And it was down a little in '15 over '14, but still, I would say, both those years were pretty good years given the capital markets activity this firm has had. But one of the things it does is it gets better execution, better exit execution and financing and debt financing execution for our portfolio companies, and therefore, higher returns for LPs. I think absent that, I'm not sure we'd be in it, but because it checks both boxes, it's a nice little business and a very, very high percentage of the revenues from the capital market has come from our portfolio company, so it's not really a standalone business that should go off and be part of the new advisory business, although incidentally, I think Paul is planning on rebuilding that capability within the new company. But for us also, those same people do a lot of de novo -- I'm sorry, pro bono, if you will, or free work for our portfolio company constantly. So it's a capability we need to have internally. And so, I'm not sure -- well, I guess I should say, I dont see some other firms have decided they really want to explode that out, build a distribution system, do a lot of third-party client business and compete with the investment banks, we don't see that strategy at all right now.
Robert Lee: All right. Great. And just maybe one follow-up. This is maybe a little bit more of a tactical modeling-type question, but on the big global funds, BREP and the BCP, can you just remind us -- I'm assuming your targets are pretty much the same, I'm assuming the last funds may be a little larger and is it fair to think that once you start raising that BREP VIII, it could turn on a bit faster just given that BREP VII is pretty substantially through its invested capital?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, we can't really speculate on what's going to happen with any fund raising. What I would say is that BREP in particular, because it's returning so much money to its investors is that its individual LPs are going to end up well under allocated to Blackstone and Blackstone has had pretty much best returns of any asset manager in real estate. And so, the turnaround for those investors, we anticipate, will be pretty quick. That experience is also to some degree though perhaps a little less happening in the private equity space, and it's not just Blackstone, it's the private equity industry has really ramped up distributions. And so as LPs try and keep a certain percentage of their aggregate portfolio, which has been continuing to increase their overall assets under management, then they need to reasonably rapidly redeploy those commitments. So I think this benefits us in both of these areas in fundraising as compared to the very lengthy periods that people experienced 3, 4 years ago when there weren't -- there was much money going back and portfolios weren't growing as rapidly.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Luke Montgomery from Bernstein Research.
Lucas Montgomery: So monitoring transaction and consulting fees, I think, continue to get a lot of attention in the press last quarter. I think you've already done away with the accelerated monitoring fees, but could you just remind me if how close you are to reimbursing 100% of these various fee types across the franchise? And then as you move through a full fund replacement cycle, maybe some sense of the amount of revenue or revenue offsets we're talking about in the context of management fees or overall revenue for the business, like just what's the materiality of this?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Okay. So it was really confined to Private Equity first of all. And our new funds will have a 100% offset, I guess, management fees of monitoring fees and deal fees, although the fund structures that we have do allow us to have some -- up to some specific dollar cap, some of the portfolio monitoring expenses reimbursed by portfolio companies. So it's a little bit of complex. I don't actually know the exact answer and pace at which funds runoff because different funds, of course, have portfolios of companies at different stages and different splits. So I haven't done that complex analysis. But it is a material move overall, if it goes from what we have to 0 over the next several years. On the other hand, our businesses are growing. So we're getting more assets under management and so on. So -- but looked at an isolation on that one business, that one line, it's tens of millions of dollars, I don't have the exact number. But it's really just material to that area, not to the firm. And even though we expect -- and we also expect that to be offset over time, as I say, with higher management fees on greater AUM.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP.
Devin P. Ryan: Just coming back to energy and with respect to timing around investing in the sector, obviously, public market valuations dislocated quickly, but when thinking about the private side where you guys invest, I mean has the potential pipeline picked up there meaningfully yet with mispriced assets or do you still think we're ways away. And then tying in with the fundraising outlook, how is lower oil prices impacting flows from sovereign wealth at this point? Could that impact the fundraising outlook more broadly at the firm or is just the appetite so strong across other channels that's it's a non-factor?
Hamilton Evans James: The private side activity has spiked up. So we're looking at an awful lot of things and how interesting they are, time will tell. I worry a little bit about people getting really excited for a fairly short window and then being disappointed because that window closes. But if prices stay down here for a while, then we'll have lots and lots of opportunity on the private side, but a lot of activity right now. With respect to the fundraising, it might defy but we haven't seen too much impact yet honestly, and Steve is going to comment on that.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yeah, we've seen one sovereign wealth fund of the many, many that there are that appears to be affected. Our flows from other sovereign funds, which is where you would see this have not been affected, so actually that surprises me. But at the moment, life goes on just as it has. So it doesn't look to be significant at all. So I just give that to you just because we're all out visiting people and have a very, very good feel of what's going on and answers to that question.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Patrick Davitt from Autonomous.
M. Patrick Davitt: My question is on, I guess, the interplay between, I guess, the likely improvement in your European-based portfolio versus the change in investment opportunity around the QE. I know it's early days but just curious to what extent you're seeing changes in those 2 sides of your business since that's happened.
Hamilton Evans James: I don't think that we've seen QE have any material effect on Europe yet. And I'm not even sure what Steve thinks, but I haven't really debated this, but I am of the belief that its affects will be significant on markets and limited on the fundamental economy, frankly.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yeah, I think what most people think with QE is that maybe it's worth -- it's sort of guestimate of half a GDP point, and there are bigger problems with Europe. And if your projection was Europe flat to up a half or something like that, maybe it gives you another 25 basis points to 50 basis points. I think we would probably feel it's not a game changing type of thing the way ultimately the U.S. economy rebounded. Remember, European interest rates are like next to nothing right now. And their problems are budgetary, structural reforms, variety of other types of issues as well as the overall structure of the European Union, which is, sort of, a difficult thing to make work with as much effectiveness as a single country could do.
Hamilton Evans James: I might argue that the rise of the nationalistic parties and as most recently reflected in Greece, obviously, is more of a negative for Europe than QE is a positive. I would also say if we're just speculating on this stuff, which we do think about that the Russian situation is probably worth at least as much in terms of GDP for Europe with sanctions as QE that would be my personal estimate. And at some point, of course, that will be resolved. These things dont last forever. No one knows the timing of that.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Michael Carrier from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Just a quick question on Credit and GSO. We had some volatility this past quarter, but the fundraising continue to be robust. So just wanted to get your sense, in this rate backdrop globally, where you're seeing the demand in GSO, like what products you're putting out there? And then in terms of returns, just given this backdrop, like what can you see particularly on the private side?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Okay. I'll just give you one quick one, and then Tony can perhaps give you a more structural answer. I was sitting at my desk a few weeks ago when energy really broke and I picked it up and somebody said, people I know said, look, I've got a $100 million, will you take it to invest in energy and I got a second call like that. And what's happening is that investors around the world see this break, they're trying to figure out what it is. They're guessing that you're getting close to a bottom and some of this is supply-demand driven, some is more supply driven, depends on whether it's oil or gas, and they want to play it, they don't know how to do it. It's a technical area and it's not easy to do this stuff. So I think the over the trend kind of demand by clients for much larger exposures in this area will be a big driver of things for GSO as well as credit extension in Europe just sort of generally with their new senior loan front, and that will make a big difference and that fund could be expanded significantly with demand and what goes along with this kind of big demand, not just supply money, big demand is that our rescue lending fund will, if I had to guess, would increase its investment rate very substantially, which would get us into the market doing that. So I think we're...
Hamilton Evans James: And so is our mezz fund because new issues are kind of backed up.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: So I think we're entering a virtual circle or cycle there. And I think that's all -- it's all good when you get less liquidity, spread is blowing out and we're major providers of capital and also takers of capital.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes. The only thing I would add is, I think that suddenly there is a lot of opportunity on the private side, but the demand is for some money that can put in the market quickly here. So it tends to be more focused on the public side investments is where the new products are.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: But you're going to have real demand over time for private stuff, and it will take companies 1.5 years or something like that to really get into a lot of trouble, but some of these service companies, this is going to happen very, very quickly. I was with somebody the other day, he has a big factory there, and he said "his prices are down like 2/3s on fixed assets." Boy, when stuff like that starts happening, the big players can survive it, the small ones typically can't. And so, you're going to see all kinds of shakeouts over a period of, sort of, 1 year to 3 years. And so, there's going to be loads of opportunities in these different areas both on the equity side and also on the credit side. And the credit side may even be easier to put money out in the early parts of this cycle.
Laurence A. Tosi: So Mike, LT. Just to follow on what Steve and Tony said, at the beginning of your question, you asked a little bit about where the flows are coming from. And I think one of the things that's driving GSO's growth if they have this ability to raise capital quickly against some of the vehicles they already have in place. So in the fourth quarter, they had a $1.7 billion of inflows into their CLOs, they had a $1.7 billion into their BDCs and $1 billion into their hedge funds. So they have a nice balanced way to react to capital flows and when they see opportunities, they can get the capital in place quickly.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Joan Solotar for any closing remarks.
Joan Solotar: Great. Well, thanks everyone. We look forward to following up with you after the call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2014 Investor Call. My name is Lisa and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today Ms. Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of External Relations and Strategy. Please proceed ma'am.
Joan Solotar: Thanks Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's third quarter 2014 conference call. So I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James; President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. Earlier this morning we issued our press release and slide presentation illustrating our results which are available on the Web site. We expect to file the 10-Q in the next few weeks. So I'd like to remind you that the call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. And actual results may differ materially. After a discussion of some of the risks, please see the Risk Factor section of our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call and you could find the reconciliations in our press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes and offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase an interest in any of our funds. The audiocast is copyrighted and can't be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So quick recap of our results. We reported record third quarter economic net income or ENI of $0.66 that's up from $0.56 in last year's third quarter and it was driven by both higher performance and management fees. Distributable earnings of $672 million or $0.53 per common unit were also a third quarter and more than doubled last year's third quarter and of that amount we will be paying a distribution of $0.44 per unit to shareholders of record as of October 27. And with that, I will turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Steve Schwarzman: Good morning and thank you for joining our call or maybe not such a good morning depending upon what you own in the markets today. Blackstone, however, has had a terrific quarter, which was a record third quarter for ENI, cash earnings and assets under management, in fact every major area, investment performance, capital raising, investment activity levels, realization, the firm is producing record or near record results. Our investment performance continues to significantly outperform the public markets. Over the past 12 months, we have created $35 billion in total appreciation across our firm, staggering number. Even in the third quarter, most of our funds delivered returns that were multiples of their comparable market indices. Our real estate funds were up 6% for the quarter, 28% for the past year. And our private equity fund were up 4% overall for the quarter, 28% for the prior year. Our credit to drawdown funds as Tony indicated earlier were up between 8% and 15% gross for the quarter. The stock market barely went up. And 30% to 34% for the year, altogether this is really stunning performance. This performance along with strong demand for our alternative products continues to drive significant capital inflows to the firms. Again, it's a positive secular backdrop of limited partner investors allocating more to alternatives, which I think we told you in prior calls was going to happen. And also reducing the number of managers, they do business with which we also indicated we thought would happen. Blackstone is, I believe best positioned firm to capturing grow market share and that's occurring. We are doing this in all of our business. As our global investing platforms have become more diversified, we continually have new funds in the market and our capital inflows are no longer the step functions they were years ago when we were a lot smaller firm. Blackstone has raised $13 billion, just in the current quarter and $55 billion over the past year, which is by far a record. In the past two years, we have raised $100 billion. That's greater than the total size of many of our closest competitors. It's a real testament to the performance of our products and our relationships, and depth of relationship with our limited partners. We have $42 billion in dry powder capital to invest, and with leading global platforms each of our investment businesses we were able to find many interesting opportunities to deploy this capital. We invested or committed a record amount in the third quarter of $10 billion bringing us to nearly $30 billion over the past year as a result of our unique decision. Over 30% of this $30 billion was in Europe primarily in real estate as we were taking advantage of the current distress, DSO completed the largest investment in its history for example, $1 billion acquisition financing package that they were uniquely positioned to execute. And private equity investment in several very carefully selected and conservatively structured deals. Our new European real estate fund as Tony mentioned is now 2/3rds invested or permitted after only one-year. We were waiting for the European real estate sales to break open and it did and we were ready and we've executed. Because of our rapid deployment, we have agreed with our investors to expand the size of what was already the largest fund of its kind ever raised in Europe, by additional 1.5 billion that will bring the total fund to 6.6 billion or approximately $8.8 billion bringing us well to continue to take advantage, fresh opportunities in Europe. This is really quite remarkable and exemplifies how quickly Blackstone can raise and deploy large scale capital to take advantage of a vintage or market opportunity minimizing any J curve. Private equity, we very selectively pursued transactions usually with low double-digit unleveraged target returns and enhanced those returns further with prudent levels of leverage. We have been doing this for about 28 years and it really works out extremely well for our investors. In fact, despite having an active weekly calendar deal sheet, the vast majority of our corporate private equity capital deployed was actually only in 10 to 15 transactions a year. It's a very small number of actual transactions when you look at it in a global basis, which is why we can be so careful in terms of setting up things, we think are very sensible for our investors with minimum downside and a lot of upside. Our behavior remains contrary what you may hear about capital chasing deals and sacrifice the returns or taking additional risks in order to move capital. Since the end of the third quarter, obviously, public markets have clearly deteriorated significantly with a sharp increase in volatility that you can see on your screens and see on televisions. S&P and global indices are both down 6%, credit indices have also declined with widening spreads and frankly a lot less liquidity that people expected. Hedge funds are being forced to unwise positions and sometimes they will do it voluntarily and capital markets generally have seen a decreased liquidity as I mentioned. I would like to make two important points on this development. First, we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the market volatility across all of our businesses. We have seen the public markets correct many times before. And it's always represents the potential for abnormal deal flow with favorable risk adjusted returns. With one of the largest pools of dry powder capital, we can and will move quickly to respond to market dislocations. These types investment environments end up becoming some of our vintage  best vintages, our job is to look at these markets and the world objectively, not emotionally. Second, as it relates to Blackstone's current investments and our performance going forward, public markets alone do not dictate realizations for us. We also rely on strategic sales  sales to strategic buyers and other private sale opportunities, which will include the liquidation for example of our office portfolio in real estate. We closed sale $2 billion of our Boston office portfolio in the third quarter and have approximately $12 billion of office assets remaining in liquidation. In addition, our growing base and expanding diversity of monies under management drives greater ongoing fee-related earnings, which in part by our distributions to shareholders. In other words, we are not hostages of the stock market, we have a lot of mechanism for realizing investments and we are never or sell unlike almost all other market operators. Given the long-term, locked up nature of our fund with no redemptions, we do not sell in opportune times as I have seen people do repeatedly in markets  times of market uncertainties. In fact, our portfolio companies are in great shape, best shape they have been in many, many years and continue to see strong operating principles. So we have to wait from time to time for realization. It's not a bad option. Our market readjustment might delay certain public market disposition in the near term. I think it has the habit of changing, but if the timing is impacted we would expect our company to continue to grow very nicely while we wait compounding our returns to our investors where they end up being very pleased when we sell these investments. The public markets tend to overshoot and undershoot what's going on in the economy, investment sentiment, now, we all know very negative. What we see however, is that the U.S. is growing nicely particularly in our real estate area where we are seeing sustained positive fundamentals across every sector of our portfolio. In our private equity companies, revenue and EBITDA trends remain quite strong up 7% and 10% respectively year-over-year well ahead of the average company. The U.S. market is currently trading somewhere around 15x earnings although that seems to move around a lot everyday, which doesn't seem unreasonable, very low interest rate is declining oil prices should be good for growth in most countries of the world. We feel very good about our current portfolio and particularly good about our ability to invest when other people have fear. On the advisory side, we also have tremendous momentum. Our M&A backlog is more than doubled what it was this time last year that's doubled. Our restructuring group is just recognized by Thomas Reuters as the number one distress advisory business in the world and Park Hill is the clear number one in the placement business in the world and it's projecting a record year this year. As we announced last week, we will be spinning these businesses into an independent publicly traded firm at some point next year. And we are very excited about the opportunity. There couldn't be a better time other than the market uncertainty to launch this new company given the significant market opportunities that exists for a top notch independent and diversified advisory practice. With such a talented team, untethered from our larger asset-management business which creates conflict, and under Paul Taubman's leadership, one of the top bankers advisors in the world. I believe we are creating something that is really special. Feedback from our clients and potential clients has been extraordinarily favorable. Our shareholders benefit as standalone advisory businesses generally trade at significantly higher multiples in the public markets than Blackstone does. A better earning trajectory coupled with better multiple should equal a compelling value for our shareholders. Summary, I couldn't be more pleased with our third quarter performance, excited about the firm, we are wonderfully positioned. I expect a lot of good things to happen in the forthcoming years. With that, I will ask Laurence Tosi to go through the review of our financial results and then we will be taking questions and there are a lot of them for us because I think the current market environment gets people curious as to what's going on generally and what we are seeing.
Laurence Tosi: Okay. Thank you, Steve. And thank you everyone for joining the call. The one way takeaway we want to leave investors with today is that while market movements are by their very nature temporary, the momentum of Blackstone's performance is not. In the third quarter, the S&P saw volatility and a peak trough value differential 5.3% similar to the volatility you have seen in the fourth quarter to-date. It still ended up largely flat on low growth and earnings for the next companies. Against this rather lackluster backdrop, Blackstone produced record third quarter in year-to-date earnings while posting above market fund performance in almost all of our investing businesses. The key to Blackstone lies not in short term public market fluctuations but in longer term trends like the availability of credit, the mispricing of liquidity, bank downsizing, regional capital constraints, supply and demand imbalances, strategic opportunities, lack of new construction, asset price devaluation and operating under performance. These are operating in risk drivers that make up Blackstone's expertise not public market metrics. The 30% returns across private equity real estate and credit funds over the last 12 months reflects strong underlying portfolio company and asset performances Steve outlined. These are some of the best fundamentals in operating performances we have seen across these asset classes. Similarly, BAAM outperforms most in difficult markets while also maintaining 1/3rd of the volatile to the S&P which is why that business is seeing both record inflows of $12 billion over the last 12 months while outpacing the broader market in returns year-to-date. More than anyone, our fund investors understand and appreciate the long cycle benefits of investing with Blackstone. Over the last year, we had record organic inflows of $55 billion. But perhaps most interesting is that 65% of that amount or almost $36 billion of the inflows came from new funds, new businesses and new strategies we didn't want until a few years ago as we continued to innovate best in class product, ideas and extensions across Blackstone. We also had $18 billion of inflows over the last year in Evergreen funds that are always in the market giving us continuing access to new capital. Some of those funds are specifically created for high net worth individuals where we have raised a record $10 billion over the last 12 months representing a new and growing market for us where there is a broad demand for Blackstone's unmatched product quality, depth, brand and performance. Over the last several years, almost all the Blackstone's draw down funds have hit their caps. This strength is continuing for alternatives in general and Blackstone in particular. We are currently fund raising our second energy fund which is well on its way towards our $4.5 billion cap. We are also raising our second tackle opportunity strategy which we think could exceed the $5 billion we raised for the first fund. Our new core plus real estate platform is nearing $2 billion in commitments. We are launching new strategies in our secondary's business which just closed on $4.4 billion for its newest fund nearly doubling the last pre-Blackstone fund in part by accessing channels uniquely developed by Blackstone. We are also adding 1.5 billion to our fourth European real estate fund which is double the size of its predecessor fund. These fund raisers will drive growth for Blackstone and that is before we even begin the launch of flagship seventh global private equity fund this year and our eighth global real estate fund early next year. All of this comes at a time when we are returning record levels of capital to our investors at attractive returns. Record AUM and consistent fund performance on growing base of assets accelerates earnings and distributions even in volatile or flat public markets. This is exactly what we have already been seeing so far this year. Our record year-to-date ENI easily outpace record fund performance posting a 47% increase to $2.9 billion. Realization activity was also robust and continued unabated in a flat but sometimes volatile market driving distributable earnings up 85% to $1.9 billion another record. In both cases, the performance was broad based and that for investors is a unique balance only Blackstone can deliver. Further note that when markets can impact ENI temporarily, distributable earnings is a longer cycle reflection of both sustained inflows and the value created in our funds when we focused on decade long returns and never on just quarters or even single years. First, we are record levels of locked in fee revenues and profits up 22% on record inflows a consistent source of cash earnings regardless of market conditions. Secondly, our realizations are also a greater scale and more diverse across a wider set of growing businesses than ever before. Some details, the momentum of realizations has been building over the last several quarters with the second and third quarters of this year marking our best realized performance fees ever. Distributable earnings year-to-date reflect over a 150 different transactions only 50% of those transactions involve public markets, the reminder was generated by private sales and operating earnings and refinancing. None of that activity is depended on public market or occurs at a spot price. Our forward outlook for realizations has a similar public and private split. Blackstone's financial profile has also been strengthening at a rate greater than the broader markets. At the end of the quarter, Blackstone had a great $8.72 a unit on our balance sheet up 34% in just one year. Our liquidity profile has also improved as we ended the quarter with record cash and treasury investments of $2.56. We currently have $4.3 billion or $3.78 per unit in net accrued performance fees and another $931 million or $0.81 per unit of investment gains on the balance sheet. Together, this represents $4.59 a unit of future cash earnings and 64% of that amount is in assets that are public liquidating or paid annually. Our record results for the quarter, the year in the last 12 months reflects sustained fund returns strengthening of our market position and earnings momentum that will certainly outlast current market volatility. For whatever reason, what drives Blackstone or what drives Blackstone's stock price appears to-date to be too entirely different and somewhat unrelated dynamics. We do know that Blackstone's performance is driven by long-term value creation in our funds which in turn drives the growth of our asset base and our earnings performance. Today those dynamics are unchanged and have never been stronger. And with that we will open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, thanks. Good morning. First on BCP VII, I'm just wondering did any of the recent market weakness has any driver in terms of the timing, starting to raise that fund here in the fourth quarter just given improving asset best valuation broadly here?
Steve Schwarzman: No, no. This is Steve. I would say absolutely not for that. We have kind of a strong investment rate and when it's time to raise funds typically as you know get around 75%, invested, you go out to market we are approaching that. And so there is nothing other than normal course in that. One of the interesting things, trend what's going on as opposed to several years ago was the largest as funds are becoming much more popular if you will but they had been. So that's a good sign for that fund raising. That's across the board, so that's a phenomenon not just involving Blackstone.
Laurence Tosi: Target funds and alternatives also, alternatives in general are growing as part of LP's portfolio.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi. Please proceed.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thanks very much for taking the question. Just two unrelated questions. The first question I have is, Steve you mentioned remarks that your flexibility to exit and selection, specifically on private equity deals and sort of finding some good underlining rate of return both levered and unlevered. I guess the question that I think affected the growth and your stock in some degrees, how you are thinking about funding availability given the fact that credit spreads have backed up a little and some banks have been highlighting, the risking is in the lever loan market, is there anything about just little financing growth from here?
Steve Schwarzman: My own sense is, Tony gave his view, its  things cycle a bit right in terms of the availability of credit. We haven't been seeing that this is a problem and we may have a somewhat viewing its credit portfolio or the types of transactions we were doing. In our model, private equity availability of capital is most important. Criteria deposit of money goes up and down a little bit it doesn't affect the return too much quite surprisingly. So at the momentum, we haven't really experienced what you are describing.
Laurence Tosi: Bill, I will add two things. First of all, as I said many times before but I just want to remind the audience here. Hot credit markets tend to be difficult market for us to earn high returns on new investments. So we don't  if the credit market is cooled off, private equity we would welcome this. Secondly, we have been shying away from maximizing leverage in private equity for some time just feeling there is just too much credit available that leveraging the company is too heavily. I think Steve mentioned we look at what real driver of our investing is unlevered returns and they have to get to the levels. And then we used credit markets to enhance that and magnify it. But, they have gone overboard, so a lot of what we have been doing specifically investment in investing in private equity have been growth investments. And I mentioned on the press called energy investments where we are actually going on and finding hydrocarbons or building generation facility so on and so forth which are not particularly credit market dependent and not also equity market or any else dependent. So we don't  we are not worried, I guess.
Steve Schwarzman: I think one other thing is Blackstone taking this group is, in most years the largest generator of fees to the financial community in the world. And so if there is credit allocated, we tend to be well-positioned to get that credit and also from memory, I don't know that throughout our whole country real estate, private equity and other types of vesting that we have ever loss money or any bank in the firms history. And this type of positioning in terms of protecting the banking system we borrow money as well as being historically from the top fee payers in the world really positioned this very well. And Tony said he is not concerned about  in effect the difficulty of our money  when times are tough borrowing generally prices go down. And then there is a cycle where credit improves and if you can buy things when those prices go down. You always get wonderful vintage returns just logical. So we don't look at any of this as a problem in a way it's a competitive advantage for the firm.
Bill Katz: Thank you for the perspective. My second question unrelated, you mentioned in your press release you are having some good success in sort of European retail funds, can you talk a little bit about how you see that opportunity over next several years. I think you maybe if you can answer in a prism of either product opportunity or incremental distribution relationships?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay, LT
Laurence Tosi: I think though you are referring to the comment in the BAAM portion where we were talking about the usage funds that we released in Europe.
Bill Katz: Correct.
Laurence Tosi: Yes. So it's two things at play. First is, BAAM has been hard at work for several years at different ways that they can create customized or tailored versions of their products and risk exposures for the retail audience. The launch of our first ever usage fund in Europe is an extension of that so on a macro basis we are talking about addressing retail with retail tailored products within BAAM and more recently on putting out the usage structure. There are other funds at Blackstone in other businesses that are more liquid that will benefit from a usage type structure that we can then offer to that European retail base and that's some of the beauty of having technology or the learning if you will fund by fund, we can pass that on to the other funds as we offer. So it's another way of accessing that market. The usage structures are very popular and dominate the high net worth channels in Europe and the ability of BAAM frankly over a couple of years to tailor to that audience is really great growth opportunity.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed. Michael Kim - Sandler O'Neill Hey, guys. Good morning. So my question as to do with sort of the out size growth that you talked about coming from newer strategies that you brought to market over the last few years. Just wondering how you are thinking about sort of product development broadly speaking these days going forward. And then related to that as these new strategies continue to season, what's the dynamic between sort of letting incremental revenues fall to the bottom line versus continuing to reinvest in the business as that cycle sort of plays for you?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, just in terms of developing new products, we actually have a very good procedure. Here we have once a year strategic planning sessions for each of our four major businesses we represent. And at that meeting each group brings in two to three new ideas, ways that we can serve them best and its better generate high returns which tends to be in effect package as a new product. And then we debate among management committee members group, as to which one as best upside for our investors and how executable that is and depending upon the ease of introduction we either do one of them in the years. And so when there is something really good to do or if its really something terrific two of them will do two of them as long as we have the human capital to execute. And it's a wonderful way to run the business because it gives younger people developing talents, the opportunity with supervision to run these new businesses. So we have a steady stream of platform, 10 years some of us like inventing going through a number, it's a system. And in terms of the second part of your question, we don't want for financial resources to prosecute growth strategies at the firm, other words there is something terrific to do, we will do it. Because as you know, markets are somewhat fragile, there is a moment for different strategies and our job is to hit that moment where we can generate really outsized returns to our clients and our investors. So we don't hesitate to spend whatever it takes standup any new product if its really terrific. So it's simple way we do things.
Laurence Tosi: Michael, let me just say in general. We have never had more new products than we have now. And the new products we have, have never had bigger  has more opportunity to be huge. So more run way ahead of them. We are talking about regarding something that's niche and that is what it is. We are talking about things which could be huge even in the scheme of Blackstone. So I think we got the richest, biggest, longest term strongest new products that we have ever had. Yes, there is a lag. And we lose money for the first few years in new product typically and use that investment to flow through the P&L. So then the future has to come. Michael Kim - Sandler O'Neill Great. That's helpful. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr of ISI. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Hi. Thanks very much. Two quickies. One is, fourth quarter is always or historically has been a very good performance peak quarter for you all and performance over the last 12 months has been excellent as you pointed out. How much does the volatility that we have seen in that forward dent what should have been really good expectations for performance fees, if any color around how we should think about that fourth quarter would be great.
Laurence Tosi: Glenn, its LT. Couple of things. You are correct. I mean typically the fourth quarter for us, we will just talk about locked in fee growth and deal activity tends to be busy as there is some seasonality to our business. We tend to be about 28% to 30% of a full year fee related activities during the fourth quarter that's been true for several years. By helping these short time market fluctuations, will then that with respect to performance fees and the performance quarter-to-date, we saw some volatility in the third quarter, it turned out to be a great quarter. We will just have to wait and see.
Glenn Schorr: No problem. Another answerable one. Curious on, how you think about the potential of a buyback in the context of great growth, great performance, you have been vocal enough that you think the stock is cheap, so do I. Yet, you are going to manage the fact that  there is my ask, is the share count each quarter has been up a little bit year-on-year nothing serial, but just pops the mind.
Laurence Tosi: Pops to our mind too. And we actually think that including the stock is pretty good but as far as the industry but we haven't made any decisions.
Steve Schwarzman: I think our liquidity equals pretty close to the liquidity of the whole rest of the industry. So in that sense, its pretty close to that. So we think if we have the liquidity, I think our evaluations would surprise you. But, I often turn out to be right is sort of really like what we are thinking.
Joan Solotar: I think Glenn, you are raising a good point. The free float now is about $15 billion or so and over the time we expect the whole sector free float will move up into more mature territory. So I think it's just following the path of other financial services sub-sectors when they were born and became more mature like you saw with the full brokerage industry. But as Steve mentioned, relative to the rest of the group I think our  if you look at our average daily trading volumes, it equals more than pretty much everyone else combined. There seems to be a good liquidity.
Glenn Schorr: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Want to focus a little bit on energy exposure and oil in particularly. And how do you think or how we should think about $80 oil or even lower flowing through private marks or if you can think that much of an issue. And secondarily, does the collapse in oil price change your view on that niche is kind of a major growth engine for your business?
Steve Schwarzman: I don't think we think the lower oil price will have a very big impact on our marks. There is some companies we still own that are depend on oil almost particularly Cosmos trades publicly on stock market. So you will know what that marks see what happens to the stock price. With respect to a lot our private oil oriented asset, most of them have been sold frankly and lately we have been mostly buying gas, figuring gas was near or low ebb and oil was pretty high. That view has been pretty accurate. So I'm not  and then in general lower energy cost and lower feedstock costs go in for a lot of our companies actually  its helpful for margins. And so, how all that plays through on balance, I'm not even sure its negative at all. But, I think, I say I'm not sure. And dislocation in energy business, we think this is a temporary dislocation for oil price. We think that our long-term view of oil price is really hasn't changed. Our long-term view of energy price was below most of the price levels in the last two years. And it's probably a bit above today's spot price. But, we review that periodically, our investments that we have been made in energy will be quite successful and oil prices even stay at those levels.
Patrick Davitt: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Thank you. And good morning. You maybe update us on a so many fund raisers sometimes its tracked, where things stand maybe with  I guess with BREP and kind of how you are thinking about that? And also curious on BCP VII and maybe also with the next BREP fund, are you seeing any change in or change in kind of the typical LP demand, maybe around the demands for co-invest? Is it backing off at all? Is that kind of getting more pressure to co-invest opportunities as part of the commitment? Just some color on that would be helpful.
Laurence Tosi: Okay. So BREP VIII will be  Steve is going to chime in a minute. BREP VIII looks like it will sort of early next year some time most likely. BCP probably late this year most likely. And yes, there is a lot more interest on part of LPs for co-invest.
Steve Schwarzman: What I would say is that most every fund, and not aware of any just trying to be  not criticized by my general counsel. But, every fund that we've offered over the last several years has like been significantly over subscribed. So when you ask a question of what do we think can happen to BREP VIII or where we typically in real estate have been a signature, sort of investor, were people like to put money that's been the empirical reality giving us huge multiples of what other people have raised. We don't know anything in the environment that is going to change that we can't guarantee that. But that's what we would expect happens. In private equity as we are going into market, we had a very successful fund 6 so far and we have a lot of activity and we will see how that goes. Yes. There is more of a demand for co-invest meant. But it is interesting that we are being regularly approached for very large capital allocations by some of the largest investors in the world. We are way beyond what we've ever experienced and sort of as part of a package they would like to see sort of in some cases more investments. What we find is a fact that when we offer co-investments to people who ask for it they don't often take. I don't quite understand that. But, they are trying to balance their own portfolios and they got their own reasons for not wanting to do something to give point in time, given the demands on their overall payments to beneficiaries or whatever. And so in a way we think this is something that make sense from their perspective, it certainly makes sense from ours. And these discussions net-net the evolving growth appears to be very, very good one for a firm like ourselves. So it's a not an issue that unexpected. And in any case, you know in the olden days like four years ago when we needed more money for an individual transaction because of size, we would call another firm, a competitor of ours and team up and make investments. It works really nicely to have our own number of partners put up that money makes them happy. Gives us more control, more of a deal, less share control because typically we are in charge of that investment. So it's an interesting phenomenon, but it works very well.
Robert Lee: Great. Maybe one other just quick question for LT, this is kind of almost a modeling question. But, looking at the taxes that jumped up in the second quarter anything specific driving that?
Laurence Tosi: Sure, Rob. So there is really two factors at play. The more material factors, so what you are referring to is our tax rate typically runs around 2.5% to 3%, it jumped to about 9% this quarter. So that 6 percentage point difference, a large part of that's related to the fact that a very good, in fact record realization quarter in GSO. Those realizations are on the mess funds and the rescue funds which are typically ordinary income funds so there is a higher tax rate associated with them, that's number one. And number two, the pre-IPO funds in real estate which would be BREP IV and BREP V also had strong realizations and those two actually run through a ordinary income vehicle. So I would say it's a short-term spike in large regard related to those two phenomenon, related to the realizations in those funds. The second to a lesser extent impact on it is that much of the equity that we grant vest in the first half of the year which lowers the tax rate as that gets deducted for tax reason. So Rob, with respect to modeling, I think I continue to keep it to what it's been historically and I would view this as a one time event.
Robert Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Steve Schwarzman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Yes. Good morning. Just want to follow-up I guess more on the strong realizations in real estates just to make sure I understand. So BREP IV and BREP V, I know you guys had mentioned earlier in the year that we will be seeing a pick-up in realization activity. So just trying to get some additional perspective there around how strong kind of now we've had two really good quarters in realizations. And just get a sense of some perspective of, this kind of a sustainable type of trend, I know it will be lumpy, but are we now kind of at a more elevated potential level moving forward for the foreseeable future?
Steve Schwarzman: Yes. As regard to BREP, we think what you have seen is sustainable and can even grow from here.
Devin Ryan: Okay. All right. Great. Good to hear. And then, just secondly, with respect to $13 billion of gross flows, is there any way to break down how much you came in from existing healthy relationships maybe how much of those flows being generated from your new relationships that you guys have made?
Laurence Tosi: It's LT. About 80% of those flows are coming from existing LPs. I did highlight in speech that there is some new pockets of LPs as well that are contributing materially and one of the existing aspects of this is, that we are also putting now a wider range of funds in front of the same LP. So the cross-selling continues to gain momentum in all those the new pockets, the cross-selling we all view as sustainable trend.
Devin Ryan: Great. Appreciate the color guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Mike Carrier: Right. Thanks a lot. Steve, you mentioned upfront, some of the color portfolio companies and how they are performing, just curious if you can give some perspective on maybe the European part of the business, it can be neither a real estate or private equity. But, what are the trends there maybe in some of the sectors and if the growth outlook does bigger step down, how is that relative to what your expectations are in making some of the investments? And for the portfolio companies like what their options try to hit those returns meaning driving strong revenues, looking at expenses again, just what are the variables that they will reconsider the growth is slowing?
Steve Schwarzman: I would say in the European area, our biggest exposures is in real estate very conservative view towards Europe, just another word choice you should have to that which is on optimistic. So when we buy something and again, very large amount of different types of assets simply because there is an imbalance with way more sellers than buyers puts pressure on price. So we can create investments very good, yield and then leverage them and get very satisfactory returns with no growth in individual market, simply because of the illiquidity out. We also  when we buy something we try not to be passive buyers of anything and we usually have some improvement plan of what could be done even if a market is flat. If an asset has not been maximized, our job as John Gray would say, initially, no, it's buyer fixed, sell it. And overall economic model is that we are not optimistic about economic growth in Europe. And so, were consequently not disappointed when that growth is not there. It's all part of that plan. In terms of purchases of U.S. assets and what we were talking about and Tony mentioned it in his remarks earlier, our investments in funds six have formed very well, very well. And we are supposed to be selling securities on these calls, so I guess I won't total you how well it's doing. It's like really good. And so we have been  were surprised on the upside. That was complicated in effect four years ago after the financial crisis, slow coming out of the shoots both real estate then the U.S. And private equity in the U.S. doing better than our expectation. That's all good. So that's sort of how we see the two geographic areas that I think you asked about.
Mike Carrier: Yes. That's helpful. And then LT just real quick. Just given the volatility in the markets right now, would BCP V just how much of a buffer do we have if it got back close to the hurdle. And then on the transaction piece in the quarter was pretty high, just wanted to get any color on the outlook there?
Laurence Tosi: Sure. So for BCP V at the end of the quarter, it was about halfway through the catch up and you need if you were to reverse the carry that we have accrued year-to-date, you need about 10% decline in equity value to reverse it. Just give you an idea of magnitude, it's been accumulating over some time. With respect to transaction fees, the up tick in the quarter had to do with an interesting transaction really in real estate, we will see in that the line by line related to what is effectively a disposition fee that they got on the syndication of a deal, so wasn't just their own sale which was quite material and that across the up tick. Other than that it was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter for transaction fees for the firm as a whole.
Mike Carrier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Marc Irizarry: Great, thanks. Steve, I'm just trying to figure out the impact that the denominated effects maybe have on the allocations to the firm across asset capacity. If markets are more volatile and outlooks change around rates and can global growth and public markets trade lower. Do you think going forward that that could play a role in the percentage that investors might allocate to alternatives? Thanks.
Steve Schwarzman: That's a good question, Marc. Obviously, if these funds shrink down 75% and they have no money of any type and the world completely desperate, yes, that will have an impact on everybody who is in the business even, Goldman Sachs. A great firm. In a normal operating environment, since we are actually selling out everything that we've offered, we have a built-in buffer in terms of that shrinkage. There is also something very material going on and that's the fact not only are about half of large institution investors increasing their exposure to alternatives. They are really shrinking the number of people, the number of firms they give money to. So what's happening with that phenomenon, it's quite widespread. It's hurting capital to the high performing firms like ourselves who can also handle a significant amount of money. So if you have roughly half of the investor base increasing in our class, let's just say that markets are down 5% to 10%, given the fact that there will be a significant shrinkage of money managers that will be allocated to and the fact that we constantly over the last x number of years have been limited by investors as to how much money we can take, not what they will give us every time as limited us and we have blown over the caps. So we have a lot of safety if you will built into that. If markets give way to the point that there is catastrophe, then what happens people just freeze. But I don't think that's a part of the cycle the U.S. economy is doing quite nicely. I think we've got an overreaction going on because it's health concerns, foreign-policy all these stuff come together they are just scaring people, in a way you can't blame them, closes the sense that we're sort of out of control and that's being reflected in the market. But that's not I don't think sustainable.
Laurence Tosi: Let me couple of comments. First of all, from five or six years ago public markets were up 70% or something, its huge. It's way more than these people have been able to allocate to alternatives. Secondly, they are not becoming disinvested in alternatives, for several years they have been getting back way more capital than they are actually been able to put out, which is causing to run faster and faster try to get up investors. Thirdly, some of the markets like treasuries who are actually appreciating in here, let's not forget that. In a few days in the public market when year-to-date, maybe, it's off the peak 5% or 6% in the last few weeks. But boy, it's still pretty  at a pretty high level by any  by most standards. And then finally, where the big new flows coming are not so much some of these traditional pension funds with after allocation and denominator ratios, lot of that money is coming from staff and wealth fund and foreign investors and what not. That are widely under-invested in alternatives where they are just beginning to move money into that. And so there are a lot of trends here that overwhelm a few work weeks in the stock market.
Steve Schwarzman: Right. And we are perceived by non-US investors as the U.S.-based firm, even though we operate globally, we are U.S.-based. Right now, the U.S. is number one development market economy that non-U.S. people, as a rule, want to be invested in. They are very open about that. So our positioning is quite good.
Marc Irizarry: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Hi. Great. Thanks for taking my question. To follow-on the line of fund raising and maybe in a different way, I think Steve and Tony you mentioned the pace of deployment or the opportunity for deployment could potentially improve with the dislocation in the market, few questions on that. Maybe first how quickly do you think that could improve given what we are seeing the markets, and if you could comment on the U.S. versus non-U.S.? And then does that give you capacity as you mentioned if you are oversubscribed in a lot of funds, typically does that do you feel that gives you capacity to basically raise or to basically narrow that gap between oversubscription and what you actually raise?
Tony James: Let me comment on the deployment. I don't  first of all, I think we are all getting a bit really focused on  overly focused on a few days in stock  public stock market. Our business isn't really a public markets business, I think don't move that quickly. It's a long-term business. As Steve said, we buy assets, the value doesn't come so much from the purchase or the exit multiple. It's a value we create in the assets which decouples the investment performance from economies and markets. And that the fundamental picture frankly notwithstanding a few bad days, the market hasn't changed very much. In terms of the deployment level, recognized too that the deployment levels are already extremely high. So do I think that they will go a lot higher from what they have been, no, I don't. Do I think that they will be able to have maybe some juicer opportunities and some things that are little easier to find, we have been working hard to find  we have been finding and be able to sustain our deployment, I do think that. So I don't  I'm not sure I can  quite I don't  I would say the both  that's the same for the U.S. as well as the non-U.S. I don't think the pictures are different. Things are already pretty troubled in Europe and there was credit issues, Asia, so I don't think that hasn't really changed here obviously. And then in the U.S., in terms of the  particularly in real estate, rents are still going up. Occupancies are still going up with the stronger economy. There is still an ability, you have a stabilized building of high-core real estate, there is still plenty of ability to finance it. But I think we still be able to sell assets and I think the amount of distress in the U.S. is still going to be low as we were lagging the amount of building we should have had for the last six to seven years. So I don't know that changes much on the real estate side and on the private equity side as I said we have been focused more on that we have been doing a lot of public and privates anyway. I think we got ways to go frankly before those get to be very attractive side, not a big change from my perspective.
Steve Schwarzman: This is supplementing one of the areas that Tony didn't touch on. We will pick up in the GSO area. They have been waiting patiently for something bad to happen because they got tons of money and credit spreads were so high that there wasn't enough juice that they require. But what's happening, as a result of lack of liquidity in certain types of market and fear is that outflows from junk of things of that type is that you are going to have some marvelous opportunity and that is actionable in the short-term. But the certain types of extensions of credit to longer term borrowers of those markets are reduced or closed for certain types of lower rated, long-term debt, well, that's like a fees for the GSO group. I mean just sort of that's like a perfect storm in their type of business. And we were talking yesterday to one of the senior people there, Tony have been meeting with the group and they said gees, there is some individual situation, the bonds went down six points yesterday. This is like a screaming a buy. And those are opportunities because they are very liquid, we can take advantage of things like that. Fear, I mean, what do they say, one man's  Shakespeare  one man's tragedy is another man's comedy. And so I think we will be able to deploy significant resources they are in response. In terms of what Tony was talking about, you don't have those instant changes in the M&A markets that is just to buy companies or buy real estates, sometimes it really helps to get a deal done when you are in the midst of something and we have to blow out and somebody is little reluctant and you are willing to close and close to where we were. And they say, oh, my goodness, I've had enough. You get an occasionally accident like that. But, it doesn't like change the flow of things. But, to the extent that has a buyer, we close virtually every transaction we ever announced in the 29 years. It makes us a much better buyer in an uncertain world because the seller knows we will have  we will find the way to get that deal done and somebody else might. And so that's good for us, from a competitive standpoint.
Brian Bedell: Great. That's really helpful. And maybe just one quick follow-up, I know you guys talked about the realization mix between strategic sales and  strategic buyers and private sales versus the IPO market, so just maybe, if the IPO market does shut down for any reason, it's going to get worse. Do you see that shift changing much more towards the M&A side from an exit perspective or do you think you might end up just being more patient and keep waiting for that rebound?
Steve Schwarzman: First of all, the M&A side closes down periodically, it's not an odd outcome, when it's going on, when it's rolling people tend to think it happens all the time, it always have. And so we have lived through a loss and we switch our realizations whether they are certain recaps, whether they are individual sales, we do look sort of like restaurant what special day here and you can order what they are serving, but you can't order what's not on the menu. So if for some reasons, the stock out of the IPOs for sale, then we just move with what we are doing or we keep compounding these companies which I have said in the prepared remarks going really well. And so then we pop out periodically and we make it work then. And you see much larger realizations at that time. But, this isn't a world that shuts down.
Laurence Tosi: So let me make the couple of comments. First of all, when your EBITDA of the company is growing at 10%, they aren't weighted on the weighted basis and your leverage. So in other words, a lot of the capital structure is debt not equity, the accretion to equity just by waiting very substantial. And so we are paid the way, our LPs are paid the way. We make more money by waiting because carries grow in value. So understand that waiting is not at all a bad thing for us, realize the public likes the first a $0.01 today, $0.02 tomorrow. But, what we get richer by waiting. And our investors will get richer by waiting. Secondly, IPOs are not exit events. IPOs are the most vital part of the equity market, but we have something like 40% of our private equity portfolio is already public, we can sell those shares at values that are consistent with our marks and our carries and all that. We can sell those shares anytime we want. We are not  we can do block trades, we can do secondary. It's not  that's not the end of the whip. The IPO is in whip. But, the irony about that is we don't sell any IPOs generally speaking. We have an awful a lot of real estate public securities in our real estate business as well, just tens of billions of dollars across the firm. So that is still eminently executable into the public markets if we want to, but then I come back to my first point is the value accretion is so high that we kind of like making more money and that's what we get paid to do for LPs and for our public investors as well. But fundamentally to your question, of course, if equity market shut down completely and if equity market gets hammered then the percentage of our liquidations from equity markets will go down and as Steve said, we had years when its been all strategic or recaps of other things or tertiary buyouts what not and no equity, and that's fine. We are not a one trick pony here.
Brian Bedell: Great. That's pretty helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Bulent Ozcan with Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Bulent Ozcan: Hi. I got a question regarding the credit business, in your credit business participate also financing to your own LBOs and your product portfolio companies, are there certain restrictions that will prohibit you from basically providing finance?
Laurence Tosi: So our credit business it varies but credit business is not one business, it's multiple business, it's in some of our buy business. But in general, our credit business can provide financing to our private equity as long as at least half of the credit is provided by third parties on the same terms.
Bulent Ozcan: Okay. For liquidation, it shouldn't be an issue with -- there is no liquidity in the market that you will be able to finance your own deals and find?
Tony James: Our credit guys will only do that if that's the best available return for the risk at that moment of time. I don't want you to over state that actually.
Bulent Ozcan: Okay. I understood. And my second question would be other business segment -- credit business, it seems like the H1 strategies didn't -- not a strong quarter but you've seen very strong quarter out of the mezzanine funds and the rest of the annual funds. Would you just give some perspective on what is driving the performance not comparing 3Q to 2Q?
Tony James: Okay. So I actually think that hedge funds have performed very well frankly. Remember this is  and I think with the back ups and the volatility of the market lately, their performance is going to particularly shine. The hedge funds tend to underperform when there is very low volatility in big bull markets, its very hard for a fund that's managing risk down and hedging to keep up with the indices. So our investors couldn't be happier with the hedge fund performance. And they are even happier now with that investment then they were before the recent market volatility and back up. And as regards to the performance of the credit funds, they had a  they have had a confluence of few factors. First of all, the faults have been near zero, they made great selections of the credits. Secondly, they tend to  when they make those things they tend to get equity kicker and things like that which have appreciated a lot. Thirdly, as credit markets rally two things happen, number one obviously, the interest rate that you put on in a higher interest rate environment there is capital appreciation because it's a debt instrument. But then to a lot of issues, sometimes refinance you and pay you out  pay you call premiums and things like that which accrues to the benefit of the  our investors obviously. And then finally, just operating performance, the underlying company has been really good. And again, as I was mentioning before with response to last question, when you have a leverage capital structure and you are operating funds, the underlying company is good. The equity appreciates a lot. The equity kickers appreciate a lot and the lowest tranche of the capital stack in terms of the credit instruments pick up credit quality very fast and therefore appreciate.
Bulent Ozcan: Then maybe just a final question, since I'm the last one before we go, I was wondering about your credit business and the reason of you are contemplating about spinning off your investor business given that the valuation increased significantly inside the standalone company. Can we see this with other business segments such as credit, it seems like the market has got so higher multiple on the credit businesses versus private equity and
Laurence Tosi: I know the question. And the answer is no, absolutely not. I hope that's clear. Absolutely not. There is a lot of synergies for this business. We do a lot  there is a lot of magic that makes this firm go. It's a core part of the business and you certainly won't see that spun-off.
Bulent Ozcan: Thank you very much.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks everybody. And we look forward to following up with Q&A after the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Blackstone Second Quarter 2014 Investor Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of External Relations and Strategy.
Joan Solotar: Thanks, Patrick. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2014 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, who is actually calling in from out of the country, Chairman and CEO; Tony James; President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. Earlier this morning we issued our press release and slide presentation illustrating our results that are available on the website and then were going to follow up with filing of our 10-Q in a couple of weeks. So I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. After a discussion of some of the risks, please see the Risk Factor section in our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures on the call and for reconciliations back to GAAP refer to the press release for those. And Id like to remind you that nothing on the call constitutes and offers itself or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone fund. The audiocast is copyrighted material and maybe not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So a quick recap of the results. We reported record economic net income, or ENI, for the second quarter of $1.15. Thats up very sharply from $0.62 in last years second quarter. Performance as you may have seen already was strong across the board with greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets as well as higher management fees. Distributable earnings were $771 million for the second quarter or $0.65 per common unit. Thats more than double last years second quarters distribution. Were repaying a distribution of $0.55 per common unit and thats to shareholders of record as of July 28. So thanks all who are on the call and also those who attended our recent Investor Day in person or via Web cast. But if you missed it, we have it posted on our Web site, so you can roll through by segment. And with that Im going to turn the call over to Steve Schwarzman.
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you, Joan and good morning and thank you for joining our call. Our results announced this morning reflect one of the two strongest quarters in the Firms history in all respects. Our ENI of $1.3 billion was our second best quarter ever, up 89% from last year and indicates the significant value were creating across our platform. For the past 12 months, earnings were $4.3 billion and Ill repeat that. Our earnings in the last 12 months were $4.3 billion or $3.76 per unit, which is a record for any 12 month period for any publicly listed asset manager in the world. If we look at the growth in earnings from year end 2007 before the financial crisis, we compounded at a rate of 12% per year and grown our assets three times despite the impact of a once in a generation local financial collapse. Despite this challenge, Blackstone has shown impressive growth in earnings and AUM, in fact one of the strongest performances in the financial sector in the world. Our current cash earnings also increased sharply as Joan mentioned, up 120% in the quarter. Realizations continue to pick up, as weve indicated they would on previously calls, exceeding $13 billion in the quarter. While disposition activity has been accelerating to record levels, weve also been investing record levels of capital, creating new value and were getting additional balance from having more assets with a current yield or annual performance fee payout due to the significant growth in our credit and hedge fund solution businesses. In effect, all is going well, the strength (ph), some would say very well. The strength of our results today is entirely a result of our singular focus on delivering good investment performance to our limited partner investors. And our returns frankly have been some of our best yet. In private equity, our portfolio rose 8.4% in the quarter and 28% as Tony reported over the past year driven by strong portfolio operating performance. Revenue and EBITDA trends in our Company is some of the best weve seen in years, up 8% and 11% respectively. Our 2005 vintage BCP V main fund crossed its preferred return threshold in the second quarter and is now in catch-up as Tony and L.T. explained and you will hear more on that later. Our real estate funds also continue to generation stellar returns, with the portfolio up 6% for the quarter and 28%, surprisingly the same number as private equity for the last year. Strength has been broad based in real estate, with all of our major sub-segments gaining significantly. Our credit funds had gross returns between 2% and 5% for the quarter and 16% to 31% for last year, which is actually quite astounding for credit investing as Tony said in a 2% world. And our hedge fund solutions business or BAAM produced a 2% composite gross return for the quarter and 11% over the past year also quite favorable. One of the current debates given strong markets particularly in the U.S. is around managers ability to find new attractive investments to deploy large scale capital. At Blackstone weve invested significantly over the years developing global capabilities for our local offices are fully integrated into the broader platform. In this way we can identify opportunities anywhere in the world and move capital to where they are most attractive. Our fund structures also give us great flexibility around when and where to invest and our scale lets us do deals that most others simply cant do. As such, we continue to invest record amounts of capital, deploying $6 billion in the quarter and $20 billion over the past year with an additional $8 billion committed to deals but not yet deployed at quarter end. Thats a total of $28 billion. Roughly half of our investments were outside the United States. I want to repeat that because its really an important thing. Roughly half of our investments were committed outside of North America. In fact, weve already invested and committed 34% of our new European real estate fund as at quarter-end and 27% of our new Asia real estate fund that weve not even finished raising it. In credit, 50% of our backlog is in Europe, where we see a lot of interesting opportunities very much as we have in real estate. So despite the challenges that exist today for investing in some regions and asset classes, Im excited about the opportunities we are seeing. Our capabilities are greater today than at any time in our history and our sustained high pace of capital deployment is building the foundation for future value. Due to our active pace of deployment, we continue to raise new money from investors. Despite the sharp increase in realizations, we again grew our total AUM by greater than 20%, ending the quarter with $279 billion of AUM. In the second quarter we raised $14.5 billion in capital, bringing us to over $62 billion in gross inflows for the past year, which was predominantly organic. Just so you dont miss it, $62 billion in gross inflows for the past year. The monies we raised over the last 12 months equal as much as 50% to 100% of the entire AUM of many of the publicly traded alternative asset managers. And we have several significant fund raising initiatives currently underway in virtually all of our businesses. In real estate, our Core+ initiative is in early days with good momentum. We started with a number of separately managed accounts and we now have launched our first U.S. focused commingled fund. We also are having active discussions for additional SMAs in Europe and Asia and we think this combined platform could exceed $5 billion from the standing start within the next year. And by the way I think we believe its going to grow a lot bigger from there if the trends remain consistent. Our current global flagship fund, which started $13 billion in size is now nearly $15 billion on its own, $16 billion with co-investors due to favorable recycling provisions and will likely grow further. At our current investment pace, well likely be back in the market with our next global fund early next year, which gives out fund deployment life of about 2.5 years. Our Asia focused real estate fund continues to march along and has raised $4.4 billion and we expect it to hit our cap of $5 billion. Our debt strategys business is expanding, with additional capital raised for our liquid CMBS investment vehicle, as well as our commercial mortgage REIT, Blackstone Mortgage Trust. In private equity weve got a very busy year. We commenced the fundraising of our second energy fund, for which were targeting $4 billion plus with an expected first close in the fall. And strategic partners, our secondarys business is making great progress on their new fund, benefiting from the synergies of being part of Blackstone with $3.2 billion raised on our way to the cap of $4.4 billion. That's nearly twice the size of the previous fund before they joined Blackstone. In credit, investor demand remained strong and we have inflows into our hedge fund vehicles, as well as several separate account mandates from large investors. Weve also just started the marketing process for direct lending fund in Europe given the opportunity set there. And lastly BAAM continues to take share in the quarter with $2.3 billion of fee earning net inflows including July 1 subscriptions. This included an additional close for the new GT fund interest, which is now $2.3 billion in size, as well as the launch of our second 40 Act fund, which raised $300 million just in the quarter. There is a lot going on from a fundraising perspective. And as Tony said, this isnt episodic anymore. This comes from all over the firm on a reasonably consistent basis. And Im confident of the firms continued growth trajectory even with our heightened levels of realizations. Our second quarter realization included several strategic sales, as well as five public market dispositions, one of which was our first sale of Hilton shares. We also successfully executed a loan against part of our Hilton position, which returned over $2 billion of capital to our limited partners, helped preserve future upside on the shares, which continue to perform very well. Hiltons current share price equates to a multiple of 2.8 times our original investment and implies a total gain of almost $12 billion, which we believe is the largest private equity gain in history. We also brought Michaels Public in the quarter, although we didnt sell down any of our shares and we have three other companies on file for IPOs with more to come, markets permitting. We now have $32 billion in our private equity and real estate funds, which we will sell down on an orderly basis over time. We also have a substantial portfolio of office assets when the process of liquidating. Youve probably seen news reports on the pending sale of more than $2 billion of our Boston office assets. And in credit, we continue to see realizations out of our first mezzanine and rescue lending funds in many cases as our borrowers call us out at a premium in favor of lower cost payments (ph). Looking forward, our realization momentum is significant. And given our investment performance, the positive cycle of the business continues with our LPs returning those dollars to us in newly raised funds. In summary, Blackstones results continue to demonstrate the unique and compelling strength by our business model. I believe we are the best positioned firm in the fastest growing part, the asset management business with the most recognized and most trusted brand name. Our investment performance is outstanding and is driving record levels of demand for our products, resulting in sustained double digit AUM growth, at least double to triple, the rate of almost all traditional asset managers. And I believe there is much more to come for Blackstone, as each of our business lines introduce exciting new investment products which will appeal to potential investors. I foresee continued controlled expansion at the firm on an organic basis, consistent with us maintaining our unique culture of meritocracy, hard work, unflinching integrity and service to the public and all of our constituencies. The alternatives are revolving as a publically listed class and have become a required course in financial services investing, not an elective. And Blackstone is the core curriculum, with global leading platform in each of the major asset classes. Thank you for your support and with that I will ask Laurence Tosi to takeover with a review of our financial results.
Laurence Tosi: Okay, thanks Steve and thank you everyone on the call for your continued interest in Blackstone. Id like to begin my comments today by addressing what appears to be a couple of common misconceptions about alternative managers in general. First, that firms cannot create value and realize it at the same time; that asset growth in inherently constrained by returns of capital; or that firms cannot be both the smart buyer and a smart seller at the same time; and finally that our results are more volatile than the assets we manage. Our performance we think overtime shows why these assumptions are unwarranted. For the quarter, Blackstone had distributable earnings of $0.65 per unit, more than double the prior year period, bringing the last 12 months to $2 per unit. As we continue to realize seasoned investments while continuing to invest and raise new capital. Strong returns across all of our investment platforms drove 61% growth in ENI to $2.1 billion year-to-date. Importantly, realized performance fees of 1.1 billion for the first six months were up 85% year-over-year. Following 11 sequential quarters of increases, we now have $4.2 billion in net accrued performance fees, of which roughly three quarters is either in public equities or assets that are pending exits. Another way to look at what we call the compounding effect in our financials is the fact that with approximately the same level of fund appreciation as the first half of last year, the first half of this year produced record ENI and distributable earnings, up 61% and 72% respectively. All indications are that we are actually at the early stages of exiting a number of scale assets, which means $2.51 per unit of the net performance fees is associated with public holdings or pending exits, which should become realizations in the foreseeable future. What we are seeing is not just market driven, nor is it temporary. You can see the long-term fundamental trends at play in private equity as Steve mentioned and in our BCP V fund in particular. Private equity funds achieved 8.4% appreciation in the second quarter and 28% over the last 12 months and the 11% growth in EBITDA that Steve pointed out, well ahead of the S&P average. BCP V, the industrys largest fund, generated 10.5% appreciation in the second quarter alone and 34% over the prior year and has reached its 80-20 catch up phase of performance fees for the first time. To give you some specific numbers, the fund BCP V generated $579 million in revenues and $487 million in economic income in the quarter. Of those amounts, $274 million of those revenues and $225 million of the economic income are related solely to the catch up. Additionally and importantly, the fund generated a $174 million in net realizations. BCP V is currently 34% of the way through the catch up and needs 13% appreciation for a $2.5 billion increase in value to reach full carry. While we generally guide you to a 40% to 45% competition ratio on many of our drawdown funds, some of the larger pre IPO funds have lower compensation ratios as partners sold carry and exchange for Blackstone units. This is the case in BCP V, where we currently estimate 80% of the carried interest generated will go to unit holders. This lower compensation ratio obviously has a favorable impact on operating margin, which was 59% for the quarter. Consistently strong AUM growth also continues to positively impact our performance. There are two ways Blackstones assets grow, value creation and inflows. Over the last year the firm grew $37 billion by value creation and $62 billon by gross inflows, for a combined of $100 billion from these two drivers. That is precisely how we were able to grow AUM 21% and fee earnings 23% in the past year, despite returning $50 billion in capital to investors. We also view the $50 billion returned as an asset, as most of our LPs have to put return capital back to work to meet investment targets. In fact, almost 90% of our LPs invest in successive Blackstone funds and history shows that returns of capital are highly correlated to fund demand, explaining why all of our major fund raises have sold out over the few years and why Blackstone itself has grown every single year since inception. You can return capital and growth. Despite $20 billion invested over the last year, our Dry Powder managed to grow to $45 billion, giving us plenty of capital to leverage the unique investment capabilities that we have built. Of the $11 billion we have put to work in the first six months, 43% of that were in funds that did not even exist in 2007 and almost half was outside the U.S. something we were not capable of achieving just a few years ago. We can be both the profitable seller and discriminating buyer at record levels at the same time, capitalizing on our unmatched breadth of strategies, regional presence, vintages and assets, sometimes within the same fund. It will never be the case for Blackstone that one fund needs to lose when another fund wins. That is why Blackstones fund returns are more balanced with higher growth than the markets overtime, and are less susceptible to short term market fluctuations than investors think. When we look to invest we look it long term fundamental trends, not short term market prices, because all of our funds are designed to have flexible mandates and patient capital that allows them to be consistently buying, creating value and selling for above market returns. That is what makes Blackstone different. It can all work at the same time. That is the way the firm was designed, with a core mission to build by constant innovation and develop a balanced set of world-class investment platforms that can use patient capital and operating expertise to outperformance across all cycles. And with that wed be happy to take any questions.
Joan Solotar: And operator, we are ready for questions, but I could remind everyone to just stick to one question the first go around and then were happy to pick your second and third and whatever on the second round.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Luke Montgomery: So it looks like the aggregate industry data suggests that PV multiples have spiked in 2014. I think by one vendor it was 11.5 times during the first half of this year. Thats up from eight times in 2009. So thats been accompanied obviously by easy debt financing and the median debt percentage is now around 70%. Given the amount of Dry Powder youve been sitting on, its encouraging to see you put $2.2 billion to work in the quarter. Thats a good pace. But your firm hasnt been shy about calling out the pitfalls of the investment environment. So Im just really wondering how youre staying disciplined in this environment. How we can get some confidence that we might not have another BCP V coming down the pike?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I was okay with you until you added that last clause. Our BCP V is going to double our investors money on $20 billion. I think it will be a spectacular success. And our LPs are very happy with it. So let me just start with that. In general values are high. I think the last cycle was challenging, not so much because the values were high, which they got high in 2007, but had we not had a historic meltdown or all meltdowns, you would have had very different investment results too. And its too simplistic to just look at values. Youve really got to look at what youre buying. And I would say -- and I cant comment on the industry because I think theres a lot of stuff which is going for too high a price, driven by too much leverage and of course our job is to not chase those. What we are investing in and were finding a lot of good opportunities is companies that need capital to grow. So they have very strong organic growth. And like any company its a little simple to just say well, thats the bad -- that Company X is a bad deal, because its got a 20 P/E and Company Y is a good deal because it has got a 15 P/E, when Company X might be growing twice as fast or three times as fast. So markets pay and values will reflect growth rates. So were investing in much more than before, higher growth companies and thats -- and I dont think those multiples are particularly pricy often for the growth. So thats one area. The second area is were putting work and were putting a lot of money to work in sort of new build stuff. So we might be building a pipeline or a wind farm or a power plant somewhere and in the sense, if you look at trailing multiples, thats an infinite multiple because were putting money to work in a company that doesnt exist. But the other sense is were buying assets at book value and assets that we believe will earn a very nice return on equity, much higher than the cap rate if you will that well sell that asset for once its developed. So well capture not only the profit of the higher return equity while we hold it, but then well get a higher multiple on sale because well be selling cash flow at the higher multiple we went in. So I think were finding some interesting things to do. Theyre not traditional public to privates of mature companies without a lot of value creation. And in general everything we do, everything is dependent on value creation. So the one big sort of LBL we did, Gates is a company where we think with our super star fantastic manager Dave Calhoun, we can -- working with the management team thats in place at Gates which is very solid, we can create a lot of value to that company that hasnt been created yet. And its just a great company, great business with great market positions and by the way at right the part of the cycle. So we like that business a lot and we had a lot of co-investment in that business and a lot of our very sophisticated institutional investors looked at that and joined us and put money into that company so we had -- if youre worried about what we paid on that, there is a lot of market value validation from sophisticated third parties. So, all in all, we feel very good about what were doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Bill Katz: Maybe a bit of a narrow question for todays call, but L.T., you mentioned that on the BCP V you have sort of a favorable margin opportunity as that moves further long, just given the dynamics between (indiscernible) ownership. When you look at the second quarter earnings, you did few late earnings, looks like you had a little bit elevated comp and other expenses. Im wondering if you could maybe walk through some of the dynamics there. And how you see the dynamic between the seasoning of the realization opportunity versus maybe new investments you need over the next 12 to 18 months?
Laurence Tosi: So a couple of comments. Ill take it in reverse, Bill. I think the comps generally in line to fee comp related ratio tends to be around 49% to 50% and I think thats in line with where weve been for some time. I think the difference in the non-compensation operating or other operating expenses or non-compensation was really related, Bill, to business development expenses. And so we had some fund closing and some fund initiation expenses that were one time in the quarter. Of course those expenses will come up from time to time as other funds close. But if you back out bond interest and business development expenses, the growth rate on our non-comp or other operating expenses is 4%, which is less than half of the growth in our fee related revenues, which is about where weve been over the last couple of years just on a disciplined basis. And I expect that to be the case going forward. We dont have any foreseeable large increases in basic operating expenses going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Michael Carrier: L.T. just on BCP V, you gave some detail but you went through it relatively fast. So I just want to understand, in terms of the 80-20, what portion of the catch up we saw this quarter and I think I got like the 13% in terms of getting that further catch up. But I just wanted to make sure we got the details of that because obviously it will be important over the next couple of quarters?
Laurence Tosi: Sure. First of all, Mike, my partners are chuckling at me because that was for me relative slow. But Ill say it again. So the way I would look at the quarter is about 50% of the revenues and the economic income in private equity for the quarter were related to BCP V. About a third of the revenues and economic income in the segment were related to just the catch up fees, and thats how I look at it. So, to give you roughly speaking, BCP Vs revenues for the quarter were $580 million. Just the catch up fees was $274 million. The economic income was $486 million and the catch up portion of that was $224 million.
Michael Carrier: Okay that make sense there. I think I was just referring more to the forward looking meaning, I think you mentioned that if you had another 13% increase in the fund, then that would reach full carry. So I was just trying to understand where the fund is and then how would we get to there and why you have that gap in order to get to the full carry?
Laurence Tosi: Sure. First Tony had a question which was he asked what the realizations were. So the net realizations in the quarter, which is investment income and net realized performance fees were $175 million. So there is cash carry come out of the fund.
Joan Solotar: And thats net of compensation and expenses.
Laurence Tosi: So, Michael going forward the numbers I gave you was, in order for the fund to reach full carry, you need 13 percentage points of appreciation above the hurdle? Thats about $2.5 billion of appreciation. If we were to get to the full 13%, it would be about $1.7 billion of carry generated during that period, during the catch up, and of which I said 35% of the catch up weve already been through. So 65 remaining. Is that helpful?
Michael Carrier: Yes, guys. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Marc Irizarry: Yes, so just a one question on private equity and I guess two parts. First is on, on Hilton and the loan on the position. Is that unusual for your private equity business to take a loan on the equity and maybe you can help explain how that maybe can enhance returns to LPs and if thats unusual? And then has everybody saw their exit opportunities in the P/E front, how do you think strategic M&A, just given what weve seen some big headline deals in certain industries, whats sort of outlook for strategic M&A exits for you guys?
Tony James: Okay, Marc, its Tony. Id say that recapitalizations as a general category are not at all unusual and with private companies sometimes it will be, you leave the same leverage at the operating company, but you will do a holding company debenture of some sort and payout a dividend. In a sense -- with public companies, you have the option because as they are publically traded. Securities are doing more of a margin loan. And so as our portfolio shifted from predominately private to a lot of public positions, some of them quite large, I think you will see some more of that here and there. And the way it -- and what it does of course is it arbitrages a little bit of cost of funds. So we can borrow a margin loan at very low interest rates. I hope you could probably give me the specific one but I dont remember it off the top of my head, and replace with that and give that back to our LPs that are looking to get 20% a year return. So by arbitraging that, they are very happy and even the press on our funds which was -- in the old days the preferred return was set at about government bond rates. Today its like 8% government bond rates are due or less. Its gotten -- so the preferred return has become a really significant hurdle and so if we can borrow at much less than the pref, it allows us to accrue carry faster on the remaining gains. So there is some interesting things about that and so thats why we do it. So as a general category of things to do, its not usual, but we havent done a lot of it in this particular form because we havent -- until recently we havent had big public positions. And by the way we could sell stock too but we love the Company and the Company is doing spectacularly well. So were accruing what we think is a lot of value fill on that equity. So this allows us to sort of have our cake and eat it too, get some money off the table at very low cost and continue to have 100% upside in the stock. So we sort of like that. On the strategic market, were clearly seeing the strategic has come back and I think you should expect that that will accrue benefits to our exits over time and I would expect more of our sales -- the evolution of the form of exits started off and the credit markets were the first thing to rally and so it started off with recapitalizations and then the equity markets rallied and so we did a lot of IPOs and secondaries and now that strategic M&A is coming back, it is just later in the cycle and more of our exits will shift to that, including some companies that are already public of course, so you will -- some of these things or have been recapped. So these things can go together but that should be a beneficial trend to us and it feels like its still at the early stages of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed.
Michael Kim: So your cash continues to build, you just raised some debt and the value of your GP investments continue to rise as well as season. So as your funds increasingly exit some of those investments, just wondering does the thinking change at some point in terms of still retaining capital for investment spending versus maybe looking at potentially changing the payout ratio?
Tony James: This is Tony. We payout about 85% of our distributable earnings and I think thats kind of -- we feel comfortable with that that ratio at this point in the cycle. We like to retain some earrings because we have -- in my time at Blackstone I dont think I have even had -- seen as many really exciting new products and new initiatives that we have today. As we grow bigger, the irony is we have more and more exciting new things to do. And each of those things takes alignment of interest from our LPs and therefore skinning (ph) the game in there for capital. So when I look forward, some of the biggest -- some of the new things we have can be the biggest businesses we have in AUM. Core+ real-estate for example can be gargantuan and we have some other really, really interesting things in other businesses. So were optimistic if you will that weve got tremendous growth needs ahead of us and that will require capital even though as you point out our traditional portfolio has been maturing. So were going to continue to retain capital at this rate unless something significant changes in the outlook.
Steve Schwarzman: I would add to that though Michael, exactly what Tony said. I think we feel really good about where we are. We had a blow up on earlier in the quarter. Obviously 2.7 billion in cash and corporate investments, liquid investments is a good place to be, the A+ rating, were solidly in the middle of that range. In this quarter to get to the 85% payout ratio we did pay out about half of the gains that we had on our investments. So we have a good realization quarter. We obviously got return to capital and we had about $220 million of actual gains realized cash in the quarter and about half of that we paid out to get to the 85%, which I think frankly reflects both our confidence in the forward operating outlook and in the balance sheet and having enough capital to do what Tony just referred to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Dan Fannon: One more question on some of the BCP V metrics LTE, on comp ratio and the favorable to you guys, is that just during the catch up period or is that throughout the life of the fund?
Steve Schwarzman: So Dan thats for the whole fund and it wont always be consistent but if the fund plays out over time, it should be -- its all deal by deal Dan. So its not (indiscernible) over time it should be 80% whether were in catch up or whether were not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with ISI. Please proceed.
Glenn Schorr: Maybe just a quickie; fee revenues up 7% year-over-year, despite 19% fee earning asset growth. Is that just a function of geography of whats being distributed -- where you are exiting and where the new money flows are coming?
Steve Schwarzman: I think its partly mix and where the new inflows are coming and some of the inflows also are not yet fee paying. So thats really the impact.
Glenn Schorr: So something could be a fee earning asset but not fee paying?
Joan Solotar: Yes, so just looking at the roll forward the fee earning assets, you had year-over-year a higher mix of areas like in credit. I think it was a mix.
Steve Schwarzman: Its mix. Mostly mix, but that ebbs and flows. We also have a number of products where you have one the fee paying assets but there is one fee for committed and un-invested and then that fee jumps up once the assets gets invested. And so when you have a lot of new funds with that kind of money obviously it starts off at lower fee roll out. In general business, there will be some exchanges but in general in our business if you look at business line by business line, we are not seeing significant price cutting or fee reductions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: I guess maybe its a little bit of a text book question for LT but if memory serves me, I think FASB recently had to rule that on a GAAP basis at least, everyone is going to have to go to method one. So should we be thinking there is going to be any change though in your financial reporting, at least for the public, not going to change ENI or what not?
Laurence Tosi: So ruling is not definitive. They are still working through the application rules, obviously weve been -- as the leader in the market weve been intimately involved in the discussions. Ive met with the FASB twice directly on this specific issue to work through both when the rule is been promulgated as well as its applications. So the application base is yet to come out Rob and so well see how it applies. There are some interpretation of the rule as written that might not require us to go to what you would refer to as method one, which is accrual of performance fees only after all the capital is returned. Even still if that happens, well have all the same metrics; just that our reconciliations to GAAP will change if that happens. So I dont see any impact. By the way if it were to go through and it were to have the impact that our GAAP numbers then would have that type of accrual, it wouldnt be till 2017. And Id like to point out that the two public managers, Fortress and Oaktree that are on that basis today also show ENI on the same basis we do. So I actually think while it will be a lot more work, it will be the exact results and it wont have any impact on how they reflect it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: I want to talk a little bit about your discussion of the growth capital opportunities you are seeing. Can you compare and contrast how you approach something like that relative to how VC firm would what and should we take that to mean that you are now more comfortable in taking non-controlling stakes than maybe you have in the past?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, weve always taken non-controlling stakes and really our positioning in the market has always been, the big fund can certainly do big deals but basically does the full spectrum of stuff. And in fact large buyouts and I think thats, lets just say total enterprise value over 3 billion has never been more than about 25% of any fund that weve done. So weve got a long history of doing sort of smaller stuff and more growthy stuff. And of course outside the United States, we if we are talking about Asia for example, its almost all growth stuff and lot of its in our control. And some of the growth equity we are doing is control. There are just companies that have a lot of growth and tremendous opportunities. So Im not sure if the control is the dimension to think about and were certainly not becoming a venture firm however. These are all companies with well-defined business models, well-defined profits and market position and customers and developed management team and on. Our skill set is not finding the next Google or understanding how someone is going to invest in that semiconductor and betting on science or anything like that. Thats not what we are doing.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan: Thank you, good morning. I just had a question on a longer-term outlook for fund raising. At the recent Analyst Day, Steve hosted a really interesting interview with Mario Giannini, the CEO of Hamilton Lane and I think one comment that stood out to me at least was just that many institutions are moving from a zero allocation to alternatives to something and in some cases the example I think that was given was moving to a $50 billion maiden investment. So it would be great to maybe put some perspective on how large do you think this untapped opportunity is where our institutions are still exploring the merits of alternatives, but just arent there yet. Maybe its more outside the U.S., or is this example that was given maybe more of the exception than a rule in your opinion?
Steve Schwarzman: I will take a little of that. I was last week in a foreign country with a capital pool that was in the $50 billion to $100 billion range that has no exposure to the alternative class and wants to do it. And theyve made a decision to that and I think were well positioned to be in there first group of companies that they give money to. And these things are happening periodically, where not being in the alternative asset classes has really mathematically sort of been unsound for decades. And so people can see that thats a smart thing to do mathematically. And what thats leading to is new pools of capital that have been created or have been managed with a very heavy emphasis on debt are switching and they start small and then they go up to typically a 10% to 20% allocation and existing investors are increasing sort of their allocations and the retail class, which has only 2% exposure which is mostly just hedge funds. Its still a huge area of growth. And so if you -- in an asset class where you can perform for firms like ours by 1,000 basis points or more in terms of your products, you should expect that those institutions that observe that phenomena would like part of that and will increase their allocations because the asset class has been very resistant to loss in the down part of the cycle. Thats something that is very important to understand. Actual loss is almost negligible. There is some mark-to-market type of loss near -- at bottoms of cycles. But I think weve now shown as a public company and also as a private company thats just a very transitory issue, these marks and we historically have boomed back with very large profits. So I think were seeing increases from virtually every asset classification. There is an endowment that has been super huge and alternatives that is trimming back a tiny bit, but that's only because theyve got exposures that are double and triple than the normal investor. So I think there is a lot of white space to come here with big numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Craig Siegenthaler: If we look at the entire business here, increasing youre seeing high organic growth outside the private equity and real estate boxes. Im just wondering do you think this is partly a function of where we are in the macro cycle or do you think this represents the longer term scale advantages in the hedge fund and credit platforms here?
Steve Schwarzman: Ill take that. I think its some of both. Were clearly in a favorable market cycle, return to high, flows to alternatives are increasing and so on and they are increasing because the reverse denominator affect partly and because a big chunk of traditional portfolios are in fixed income where people are earning very little and they just need more returns. So theres clearly a favorable environment for fund flows in our industry. At the same time, were opening a lot of new asset classes in new regions, new products and with great people and great returns and that's secular, that's going to continue. There will be a cycle overlaid on that, but over the long-term, it stuns me to say this, but I think looking forward our long-term secular growth rate, takes this cycle out of it at $270 billion is just as high as it was at $70 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Just to go back on BCP V, if we look at this longer term in terms of its lifetime realization potential, just to make sure I have the math right here, if youve got about total fund value of roughly $33 billion and even if we use a conservative $1.6 billion multiple invested capital, about $12 billion of profit essentially, if we just take 20% of that, we will be in a lifetime realization of $2.5 billion assuming that you get through the 13% and can accrue carry inflows. Is that correct, and then how much have you realized in cash carry on BCP V so far?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. So, your math is directionally correct, that you just went through on the $2.5 billion $2.6 billion, given the assumptions that you gave. And I think the end of your question was how much have we realized in BCP V life-to-date?
Brian Bedell: In cash carry, yes.
Steve Schwarzman: Its about $320 million gross life-to-date.
Brian Bedell: And just one last one on the fundraising. It looks like you had a solid pace of $15 billion plus fundraising, not just this quarter but over the last year and from everything that youve said in terms of new markets including Core+ being gargantuan in potential side, should we be thinking of that $15 million going in on sort of on an annualized pace moving up?
Steve Schwarzman: So youve gone that way, we would be at $15 billion pace net gross inflows per quarter. Is that what youre asking about?
Brian Bedell: Yes, correct.
Laurence Tosi: Well, if you look at -- the $62.4 billion over the last year has about $10 billion of inorganic, which is the acquisition of SP. So it normalized around $52 billion. That's higher than its been the last couple of years. Weve been somewhere around $45 billion, $48 billion and then $52 billion. So directionally I guess your $15 billion is right. It wont be consistent like that, but if you -- I'm sorry, I would say its a little bit high. I think somewhere between $45 billion and $50 billion is a more normalized run rate.
Brian Bedell: Great. But however
Steve Schwarzman: Its not a static business that's grown overtime. And incidentally, I want to note that your 1-6 assumption on where that ultimately comes out, we're already at 1-6.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (indiscernible) with Royal Bank of Canada. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: I had a quick a question on capital deployment. I heard your first comments, but Id like to dig a little deeper into just given the records of Dry Powder -- for instance Catalunya Banc came out today stating that its selling its loan portfolio to Blackstone. Thats a $8.6 billion worth of portfolio. It seems like it was a very competitive bidding process, with a lot of your peers participating in this process. My question is what is it for Blackstone that makes this deal work? What is it that allows you to the IRRs that targeting? Potentially, whats the secret sauce, because I would think that its a plain vanilla kind of asset that youre buying and maybe Ill ask you all on that (ph), but I just want to understand that we will get, that that will get to the targeted IRRs when we deploy $2 billion or so of capital?
Laurence Tosi: Yes, okay. Well, first of all, it obviously got attention from some other bidders but there werent a lot of them. There were very few of them, not only because it was complex. Its a portfolio with a lot of -- you have work it. Its not just a passive asset. These are non-performing loans. Secondly, our real estate people owned a servicer in Spain already but we are positioned to do the servicing -- a lot of the servicing of loans are stealth and have unique insight into how these loans can get worked out and how we can deal with the home owner and so on and so forth. And then were buying it at a huge discount to face and with leverage and with our view and a discount to the underlying replacement value of the physical assets, if we were to own them. So we have the downside covered. We have leverage and with a view of what we can do with them through our servicer and our view frankly that Spain at least has bottomed out and the wind will probably be in our backs in terms of values. We think well get to our returns.
Unidentified Analyst: I see, maybe on a similar transaction. I guess, you guys brought an office in London from Carlyle. Theyre basically saying that its a great time to sell right now and it seems like no, its not a (indiscernible) product or office property anymore. What drove the decision to buy the property from Carlyle? What is your view like -- whats the difference in your view versus Carlyles view?
Laurence Tosi: Well, I couldnt tell you what Carlyles view is expect well wait -- thats being brought by our Core+ business. So its lower risk, stabilized assets with somewhat lower return hurdles but we think well get a double digit return for our investors. Were very confident about that. And by the way, I didnt even know they are in the real estate business actually, but our real estate people are the best operators in the world. We can buy an asset for anyone and run it better and get more cash flow out of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of the Warren Gardiner with Evercore. Please proceed.
Warren Gardiner: So you may have kind of already answered this but can you just kind of remind us what your policy around -- the distribution of cash carriers, now that BCP V is cross? Will you or did you kind of hold some of it the back just to build kind of a buffer or is it more sort of formulaic?
Laurence Tosi: Okay. Its L.T., Warren. All of our funds and all of our deals, we calculate carry on a deal by deal basis. When a fund is generating carry, i.e. its above the hurdle, we pay out realizations as they are earned. So there is no concept of holding things back. Now, in order to do that, you have to look at where you think the entire fund will end up and if youre conservative in forecasting the future values of the whole fund, you should be conservative then in calculating what youre paying out and that should cover you with respect to future changes and so thats how we do it. So BCP V actually has been paying cash carry for a couple of quarters because it consists of two separate funds and there are LPs in one of the segments that were already paying carry going back to the first quarter. Now a larger percentage of them, in both sides of the fund, all in the smaller fund and part of the larger fund are paying carry as well. But theres no concept of just, indiscriminately kind of holding things back. It all goes to the conservative outlook that you have and that will make your calculation of payouts conservative.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Company. Please proceed.
Chris Kotowski: Mine was just asked. Thank you.
Joan Solotar: Ben, I see that we have two follow up questions.
Operator: The first follow-up question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian Bedell: Just wanted to circle back on the Core+. You based $2 billion so far in that, I dont know if theres a way you can sort of size that opportunity on rates and giving your expertise in real estate over the next two to three years in terms of going back to the fund raising size question. And then also can you remind us of the types of IRRs that you are underwriting Core+ portfolio overall?
Laurence Tosi: Let me just clarify one thing and then I am going to turn the ultimate size over to Steve, because hes our dreamer and he sets our standards and goals here. And whatever he -- whenever he sets it, we accomplish it. So I said near $2 billion. Between what weve closed and another transaction we have in process, its actually about $1.8 billion now. Someone tell me if I am (indiscernible). So thats where we are now and then Ill turn it over to Steve for how big this business can be. And let me just comment on the returns. The returns are in the low double digit net area. Steve.
Steve Schwarzman: This is an interesting one, because the Core+ asset class is about three times the size of what were doing in the opportunity class and the opportunity segment, now I guess were up to around $80 billion some odd, not all of which is equity. We have probably LT somewhere around $10 billion of debt products in there and a little bit, something like about 10 billion. So as I think about this and this is my own personal view and not everybody always agrees with me even, within the firm thats for sure when we get into these new areas, but I look at a business like that, were going to be -- if what we think is going to happen year one is about $5 billion and if we can continue do the kinds of things we think we can do in terms of producing the returns Tony was just talking about, then you could look at a business like this over 10 year period and have a $100 billion under management. Now thats something that would make my general counsel really squirm, which apparently I can see him, hes squirming. And there is no guarantee. Thats what I would call an aspirational goal. Most people would say, if you could do half of that that would be pretty terrific. So I think the reality is somewhere in between. I am a believer in the higher end of that. I think, if you can deliver 10, 11, 12 returns to institutions who are really focused on making 8, and if you can do it with real safety, you will have good flows there, and the advantage we have is that we have the most active deal flow in the world in real estate. And for us, all were doing is chopping off the lower return end of properties that dont need our opportunistic criteria for our fund. So we should see an awful lot of this type of thing and were set up perfectly with a major asset management capability to improve properties. And we also have a terrific set of relationships with people who give out real estate money around the world in the opportunity area. I guess were like somewhere in the last year or two. I forget whether weve raised six times more money than anybody else in the world or eight times. Its some number that L.T. can or John can get you after the meeting, but it dwarfs what everybody else is doing and so I think with a really good product like this within asset class, that that is already three times the size, we should be able to do the kind of numbers overtime that Im talking about.
Brian Bedell: And it sounds like LPs have been asking for this or is it more of a creation on your side. It sounds like the demand would be very strong given the increasing desire date immunized portfolios (indiscernible)?
Steve Schwarzman: Yes, finance is like a very funny business. What passes or innovation isnt so innovative and that -- this is the kind of things where we have product and really quality buildings that would fit this kind of model that really just simply do not meet the criteria for the opportunity part of our business. And we took these products. You start with one opportunity, then you go onto others and it was a huge amount of receptivity on the part of the institutional community. And what happens is once you discover that, you do a second, you do a third, you do a fourth and you see that there is really big demand. And so what weve realized is that we could take our same set of skills and basically just segment them, and the market would respond to it, and thats why we did it.
Operator: And the last question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Last follow-up is, clearly you guys had a lot success in a lot of places launching new strategies, reaping assets in those strategies, starting some 40 Act product but I guess just kind of curious, Im sure, I think most businesses, successful as they may be always have one of two things that they have tried that didnt pan out as expected or as hoped. And Im just curious over last couple of years if there is some new strategy that youve launched or took a stab at or new markets or geographies that you were thinking of entering, that didnt seem to pan out. Just trying to get a feel for maybe what some of those were but more importantly maybe why you think those didnt succeed as you had hoped and how that maybe altered how you approach new product development going forward?
Steve Schwarzman: Well I guess Ill take that one, and of course weve had initiatives that didnt pan out as we hoped. Sometimes the performance wasnt what wed hoped. Sometimes wed feel it was a great idea but the market just didnt want to fund it or the timing was wrong. And sometimes whatever premise or whatever the business premise was, the world changed and therefore the opportunities sort of disappeared. We had at one point in this business a mutual fund business that ran closed-end funds. They were the largest mutual fund in India and they had one invested in non-India, Asia. And it was a closed-end fund as I mentioned. It was -- obviously the meltdown in global markets and those currencies and their stock markets in particular made that performance not very good and it kind of got sub-scale and we just decided; having owned the business for a while, we decided there werent a lot of synergies and we went our way. And one of the earlier calls, somebody asked about getting a loan only business and I think one of the learnings there was there is not a lot of synergies between a loan only business and what we do generally. So thats an example. We tried other things, whether that be office or not or products, but nothing big. I think we do a pretty good job focusing on really good opportunities and getting really good talent to do it. And I think the most important thing that we have, we have to attract the best talent in the world, we have to train it, we have to get it - adapt our culture and the way we think about things and if we do that and we put really great talent against the opportunities we see, we dont miss that much. And so were not perfect but we feel very confident about the opportunities on the page.
Joan Solotar: Thanks everyone for dialing in and we look forward to any follow up questions off the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 15:15:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2014 Investor Call. Now, I would like to turn the call over to your host for today, Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of External Relations and Strategy. Please proceed, Ms. Solotar.
Joan Solotar: Terrific. Thank you, Glenn. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's first quarter 2014 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of IR. Earlier this morning, we issued our press release and the slide presentation illustrating our results. Those are available on the website and we'll be filing our 10-Q in a couple of weeks. So I would like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and actual results may differ materially. After a discussion of some of the risks, please see the Risk Factor section in our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will refer to non-GAAP measures, and you can find those reconciliations in the press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in the Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted, can't be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So quick recap, we reported economic net income, or ENI, for the first quarter of 70%  $0.70 excuse me thats a record first quarter its up 27% from $0.65 last years first quarter. Increase was driven by higher performance fees; we had greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets, as well as higher management fees. Distributable earnings were $485 million in the quarter thats $0.41 per common unit, up 21% from last years first quarter. And well be paying a distribution of $0.35 per unit to shareholders of record as of April 28. So one more note from me and we're going to be hosting our fourth annual Blackstone Investor Day on June 12 in New York. We've just sent out the save the date e-mails. If you havent received one, but you would like to, please let us know also please mark it on your calendar. Please feel free to follow up with me or Weston after the call with any questions, and with that, I'm going to turn it over Steve Schwarzman.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Thanks Joan. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Its been a terrific start to the year, as Joan told you and Tony earlier, with the record first quarter for both ENI and cash earnings, an all-time record AUM of $272 billion, which is up 25% year-over-year. Each of our investment platforms posted great returns and double-digit AUM growth, and we generated total realizations in the quarter of over $9 billion. Though equity markets have experienced a recent [downdraft], though they are rebounding a bit, we're at a favorable point in this cycle as our asset values of our underlying assets continue to rise and we're finding interesting investment opportunities around the world. Our limited partner investors are looking to put capital to work in areas of asset management that have shown the greatest returns over time, with less correlation to market indices. Blackstone is perfectly positioned to take share of this growing pie. We pioneered several businesses over an extended period of time to become a best in class brand and the only manager with scale, global platforms across the major asset classes. One of the challenges many money managers will face with greater capital flows, more competition in higher asset prices is how to generate good returns. Blackstone singular focus on achieving top tier investment performance is a key differentiator in this environment. Our returns were quite good across the board in the first quarter as Tony mentioned. Our private equity portfolio rose 27% in the past year, including 7% in the first quarter. These returns have been driven by strong portfolio company operating performance. With some of the best revenue EBITDA trends weve seen in some time and significantly better than trends in the broader market. This is really important for you to understand that are underlying assets in our view significantly outperforming whats happening in the liquid securities markets. In real estate, our opportunistic investments were up 28%, over the past year including 4% in the first quarter. Our credit funds had gross returns between 19% and 31% over the past year and 4% to 5% in the first quarter, which is pretty terrific for any asset class, but particularly outstanding for credit investing as youve seen from results from other firms as we reported in the last few days. In our hedge fund solutions business or BAAM, produced to 10% from positive gross return over the past year and 1.8% for the first quarter. In order to generate sustained performance like this across our business and across cycles, you need to invest well, and you need global diversified investment capabilities. Weve invested over many years to develop this. For example, our real estate business started with the central global fund. And then we raised an European fund, and the debt strategies business, now Asia and most recently core plus. In private equity, weve added a dedicated energy fund to invest along side our global fund, created our innovative tactical opportunities business and then added a secondary business and so on. Our business is the business of innovation for the Jason products. Because of this approach the back drop for making new investment remains favorable for us today. In the first quarter, we invested or committed $7.4 billion across the firm, which reflects a very active case . Over the past year, weve invested $22 billion frequency, our paces has increased from annualized base, with an increased mix of deals outside the United States, within the U.S. were staying away from crowded trades and expenses sectors. In all cases were keeping the emphasis on generating our own deals. In private equity our investment pace has picked up sharply to $3.1 billion in the first quarter. New commitments include Kronos a work force management software provider its really got a really terrific market position. And Versace one of the best known fashion brands, we also continue to see significant deal flow in the energy sector. Post the quarter our pace remained strong with several new commitments including Gates Global a leading manufacturer of automotive and industrial components and significantly thats a big aftermarket type of business, which is protected from some of the vicissitudes that you would assume with auto. In real estate, we expanded our logistic platform in Europe, added to our industrial and multi-family footprint in the U.S. and invested further in select service hotels. The outlook for new investments remained compelling particularly in Europe, were significant distressed exists in the system and Asia where we see strong growth, less supply and limited competition as well as shortage of [indiscernible] creates good opportunities for us there. In our Credit Businesses, our Mezzanine and Rescue Lending funds were quite active, deploying or committing nearly $900 million in the quarter with a continued focus on energy as well as European direct financing. To support our investment pace, we have significant Dry Powder of $48 billion, which is up $36 billion a year ago. Thats a really nice increase as our investors entrust us with more of their money to manage. Importantly, despite our ability to raise substantially more for all our recent funds weve captive to match the investment opportunities. In fact weve never seen flows in their firms history of this scale and weve had the discipline to not take every dollar that weve been offered, which is important to preserve our performance record for our limited partners. Our outstanding track record, which spans nearly three decades, is built on this discipline and our ability to manage capital across cycles. In the first quarter, we raised over $10 billion in capital bringing us to $52 billion for the past year excluding acquisitions, no one in the history in our assets classes have even vaguely approached this kind of number. In real estate, we had a final close for our fourth European fund which hit its cap of nearly $7 billion, making it the largest of its type ever raised; we could have raised very significantly more than this $7 billion. Well it is an accomplishment in its own right, the fact that the team achieved this fund raise, the biggest in history in only six months from first to final close is a true testament to the power of our real estate franchise and the excellent work we do for our limited partners in that area and it's the strongest possible endorsement by the investors in the real estate opportunity class. We had an additional close for our dedicated Asia fund, which is now $3.5 billion, this is still real estate and we expect to hit our cap of $5 billion, and we've had two oversubscribe common equity raises already this year for BXMT, our commercial mortgage REIT, which has reached $1.4 billion in market cap in less than a year, and this is a company that we bought for $30 billion that had other assets in it, so this is a pretty remarkable increase in value. Lastly, in real estate, we're advancing with our core-plus strategy, which I mentioned, which now includes four separate account investments, the most recent of which was in Europe. While it's too early to detail our approach to this market, it's a very large asset class and we're extremely well positioned to address it. Strategic Partners, our new secondaries business is making great progress on their new fund, reaching 1.5 billion at end of the quarter on their way to a targeted 3 billion plus size and this is one of the reasons why we occasionally purchase a business. This is a group where it was started by Tony at DLJ and the scale of the increase in the size of the business will be quite substantial, utilizing the Blackstone name with the same excellent investment skills that the group had. And tactical opportunities closed on a few more large commitments, which were pending at year end, bringing the business to $5.6 billion, one of our most successful first time fund raises to date, and a great testament to the team there led by David Blitzer. Investor demand for our credit products remains strong with good inflows into our hedge fund vehicles and several separate account mandates from large investors with very substantial returns for those investors. And BAAM further advanced leadership position in the first quarter with a very strong 1.6 billion of fee earning net inflows and an additional 800 million of subscriptions on April 1. As I mentioned before, we're at a favorable point in this cycle, where Capital Markets have been conducive for us to exit our more mature investments. Our realizations in the first quarter of over $9 billion equated to one of our best quarters ever for realizations, and if you remember from what I said earlier, that's about what we raised in the quarter. We were particularly active in private equity, mostly from BCP5, that's Blackstone Capital Partners 5, including three public market dispositions and three strategic sales. In real estate, we had significant partial realizations in our US and European office portfolios, including our sale of Broadgate in London, which occurred at a multiple of over four times our original invested capital and a net IRR of over 40%. This is not what happens typically in real estate with mature properties in the center of London. If you recall, we made this investment in December 2009, when the owner needed to delever its position like many people in real estate at that time, after we patiently refrained from investing for two years when markets were in free fall. I want to just say that again, because part of being a really excellent investment firm is knowing when to go and when not to. And we stopped investing for two years while the markets were really just melting away, and that was before the financial crash. This is another great illustration of having  of how having locked up capital, an investment period of several years enable us to choose our moments with great outcomes for our investors. Since we made that investment, our real estate platform has invested a truly remarkable $34 billion of equity and no one, no one in the world has done anything of that type. Our full sales in the quarter for private equity and real estate generated a combined multiple of 3.4 times our original invested capital. The reason people give us money isn't because we have good analyst calls. They give us money so that they can make money, and an example of 3.4 times across two of our biggest asset classes for investment sold in this period gives you a sense of why the alternative investing area is a great one and is going to continue to grow. In credit, we saw further realizations out of our first mezzanine and rescue lending funds, in many cases, as our borrowers called us out at a premium in favor of lower cost financing. Looking forward, our realization momentum is continuing to ramp up. And I believe our shareholders can expect much more to come. We have a large portfolio of seasoned assets and $36 billion in publically traded AUM, which we'll look to exit over time as markets from people ask questions on occasion about having these large public investments, which we have now and what tends to happen over time is as we sell, stocks go up, because overhang is reduced. So rather than be concerned about us having the scale of investment, we're prudent sellers and it typically works best for the people who own these other stocks and they figured that out, which is overall a good thing. Blackstone remains the best positioned company in the fastest growing part of the asset management business. I believe we have the strongest platform the best brand, the most experienced and talented team in the industry. As we continue to grow assets at substantial rates thats wisely and achieved great returns. Our earnings in cash distribution should continue to grow as well, which will benefit our public shareholders. Now our shares are sold up a little bit in recent high although they are climbing back with our results, in Tonys explanation of them. And were above our initial IPO price, which is sort of a good thing still down from 35 to around 32 now but not too bad. Im confident that ultimately our shares have been revised to reflect the real value of the company. One or two quick things I was on my treadmill this morning watching this endless array of earnings results, which I am sure you have seen and somewhere around I think it was 7 oclock BlackRock came out with its results and they are really good and their revenues were up 9% there earnings were up 20% to $762 million. And that was a really, really good quarter and there are paying dividend yields of 2.5%. And I just bring to your attention that we announced a little bit later, our revenue was up 20% in our earnings was  were up 30% as supposed to their 20% and actually our earnings in this quarter were larger $814 million to their $762 million. The only difference is our market capital is only $35 billion and theirs is $53 billion, which is like 32% less. And were trading in a multiple of 10.2 and their trading at 17. And our dividends only double at 5.6 according to analyst estimate. So, this is all public information, it always like come in over. And I was sort of watching it so, I think BlackRock is a great company. We revolve when they started, they have had terrific growth in their gold standard in the businesses that they are in. And I just wanted to point out that perhaps were not so bad either. Finally, Blackstone has been the pioneer in the multi-asset class business in alternative assets and where the knowledge leader in this approaching. One thing I think its important for you to be thinking about that there are other people who want to sort of take the approach that weve had and from reading some of the analyst reports evidently there is a real focus on white space where there is a sense that people can just sort of do this stuff and having been involved for almost 30 years now of dealing it, this is difficult to do, just because you say you want to do something. It doesnt mean that you can do it and the reason for that is multi-faceted. First institutions dont like trying new firms with any scale in industries that they never been in. its just not something they like to do, retail investors dont like it much either. Secondly, the issue of how you assemble a team, who has had success and whether people have worked together is an issue as well. And so I mentioned this because just to give you a sense of how this works, so I was reading a chart that PERA gave out on money rates over the last year in real estate and in that chart for example, Blackstone was somewhere around $30.5 billion, and the next biggest  it was another group thats been in the business for 20 years and they were set at $7 billion, so were 4.5 times and people who havent been in real estate had virtually no position in that business. So this is something that takes a very, very long time to do well. Weve been doing it on that basis and people here are dedicated to producing great returns and growing rapidly, but consistent not taking more money than they want since weve turned away money and virtually every raising weve done in last few years. So with that as just sort of a little background Ill turn it over to Laurence Tosi and then well be glad to take questions afterwards.
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay. Thank you, Steve. And thank you everyone for joining our call. This quarter was record first quarter by all major financial measures and assets measures with ENI the measure of total value created reaching $814 million up 30% year-over-year. Distributable Earnings the measure of value realized as cash is up 24% to $485 million which translates to $0.41 per unit or 5.6% yield over the last 12 months. Those levels of growth easily outpaced traditional asset managers as Steve just pointed out, financial services firms and the S&P at large by an increasingly wide margin. All of Blackstone's investing businesses contributed double-digit growth to the firm's overall 18% increase in fee revenues, a steady earnings driver, which is 70% tied to a growing base of long-term commitments to our funds. Net performance fees and investment 28%, to 325 million, on a 50% increase in realization activity with 50 different deals driving 9.3 billion of realizations in the first quarter, and 174 different deals generating 33 billion over the last year. We now have 3.5 billion of net accrued performance fees, equal to $3.11 per unit. That would be realized at exit based on first quarter values and which indicates considerable forward earnings momentum. Blackstone uses experience consistent and balanced growth, and I'll focus today on how that growth has a uniquely stabilizing and enduring effect on the firm's earnings, including across market disruptions. Blackstones balanced growth reflects the fact that we are in a long-term value creating business, where risk management, allocation flexibility, product diversity and operational expertise are the drivers of fund and firm value quite separate from short-term public market movements. The first quarter was no exception, although the depth and consistency of the drivers behind Blackstone's performance are perhaps not entirely appreciated. The value creation across our business is driven by fundamental growth. For example, in the first quarter, we saw 14% EBITDA growth in our private equity portfolio companies on 7% revenue growth compared to 4% earnings growth for the S&P. More than 80% of our portfolio companies reported healthy revenue and EBITDA growth, the most on record, and 96% of our CEOs surveyed after the first quarter said their calendar year 2014 EBITDA would be higher than 2013. Similarly, real estate fundamentals are strong across all sub-sectors, largely due to limited supply, coupled with moderate improving economic growth. We are seeing pre-crisis levels of occupancy and hospitality, which are driving up rates and showing high single digit revenue across those portfolios. Equally, logistics assets and retail shopping centers are showing occupancy and rate-driven valuation increases in the high single digits. Finally, we are continuing to see strong trends in U.S. housing, with double-digit annualized home price appreciation in our markets. This isn't just a case with our private holdings, our public holdings representing $36 billion of equity value, were positioned at IPO to achieve long-term growth and exceed the hurdle in the funds in which they are held. Blackstone public holdings were up more than the S&P in the first quarter 4%. We price, build and exit assets based on the long-term value created, whether by private sale or IPO. For that reason, we think our forward earnings momentum is less susceptible to market swings than public assets in general, or traditional managers, which revenues are based on public AUM. Our credit business is largely based on private investments and floating rate debt, with the biggest risk to valuation is defaults. While there are certainly risks of a rate rise, which creates value for our funds to current economic conditions do not indicate an uptick in the faults and all of our credit vehicles are performing exceptionally well. Even in the downturn, Blackstone's ability to structure and manage its credit exposure led to realized losses of less than 1% in our customized credit solutions. Well our mezzanine business has never had a negative quarter. Our hedge fund business invested across 21 strategies as long and short elements to it and is largely based on our ability to find good managers, structure our investments and optimize our allocations, all activities designed to outperform the market. And the hedge fund business is delivery of 11% returns at 37% of the volatility of S&P over the last 20 years proves that to be true. In fact, that business outperforms greatest in the periods when the S&P is volatile, and since inception, BAAM, or hedge fund solutions, has outperformed the broader market in 92 of the 98 months and which the S&P index declined. Here's perhaps another way to look at it. If you take the four quarters the S&P as declines since 2010 and compare that to Blackstone's performance, what you will see is that ENI can experience temporary impacts that recover in the subsequent quarter. But the phase of cash utilization continues on its trend without impact. Why, because realizations are more tied to fundamental operating growth in short-term markets. The last 12 months experienced a 95% increase in realization activity and a 75% increase in realization revenues and earnings. In fact, over the last four years despite two full market corrections and a strong increase in our realizations our net accrued performance fees have grown 13 out of 14 quarters to the current record of $3.5 billion. That is five times what it was four years ago, reflecting the compounding effect inherent in performance fees. For Blackstone typically gets 20% of the value created regardless of the invested or committed capital. We now have $116 billion of performance fee earning asset up 31% year-over-year or maybe think about it this way. Of the $3.5 billion in net accrued performance fees $1.8 billion, or $1.59 per unit relates to companies that are actually, publically traded today. The compounding growth of net accrued performance fees combined with our strong earnings mix and ENI driven by value creation, are both the best indicators of our forward earnings. So to bundle Blackstone in a higher beta version of public market simply belies the fact that our entire business model is built on creating value away from those public market, on a consistent in long-term basis. A few comments on our balance sheet, in value per unit. The firm now has $7.20 per unit in cash investments on the balance sheet, up 21% over the last 12 months. In the second quarter, we executed a very successful $500 million, 30-year debt offering at a 5% coupon. The offering reflects our commitment to be consistent, be a consistent participant in the BAAM market. And support our current offerings by issuing different tenors . The offering was three times over subscribed and led by some of the worlds largest BAAM buyers. Both S&P and Fitch reaffirm their A+ ratings, making Blackstone one of the highest rated and demand credit issuer. Not just in asset management, but in all financial services. In closing, global markets may see some volatility as they often do. But the ultimate diver values performance of the asset. We have a very good performing asset in fund structures to give us significant long-term value creation advantages. Thank you.
Joan Solotar: Great, thanks if you have questions, please feel free to go in the queue. We have quite a few analysts and investors on the call. So, if you can limit your first round to just one question, please. And operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: Good morning, just looking at BCP 5, outside of the public holdings, which are now obviously a big component, can you talk about some of the biggest movers in that and things we, or for the quarter and also potentially going-forward in terms of some of the holdings?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: So Tosi do you want to hit the numbers of that and then I'll talk about the portfolio a bit.
Laurence A. Tosi: Sure, so Dan BCP 5 had very good quarter in the first quarter and it was really driven by the fundamental growth in the portfolio. It's public assets performed well. And that's been pretty consistent. A lot of the data that I just gave you about the forward outlook that was reflect assets that are in there. We pull  obviously we have all the real-time financial through the first quarter. We pull all the CEOs in there. And the feeling is that EBITDA growth is steady and on pace, you can see that just by watching the deficit, you will call it that, to earning full carry going down from the $4 billion to $916 million, just in the last few months. And I think that reflects the operating performance.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay. So, Dan, the EBITDA is actually accelerating. EBITDA growth in BCP 5 is accelerating each quarter. And while for a while I tracked the S&P pretty closely, actually there's one quarter where it fell a little bit behind for whatever reason, which was the third quarter last year, but lately its been not only ahead of the S&P when it accelerating while the S&P earnings growth is flattening. Weve got some companies that really have a lot of momentum. Hilton for example which is a big investment is doing extremely well. And we are getting the compounding of course of earnings growth with leverage and which magnifies it and then the delevering effect of the cash flow. So, were pretty  we feel good about the portfolio, basically we kind of whenever we analyze a sale process we look and see what's the return to keep holding, even if the market backs off a little and if we can get something in the teens by continuing to hold even the companies probably continue to hold because we are earning well above the returns, well above what the investors could otherwise earn by redeploying the capital either in debt or general equities. So, so far it looks good, the portfolio looks good, were 3% away from where we are fully in carry on the enterprise value of the overall portfolio, were already in carry and part of BCT5 and it pulled out, but have made some carry distributions this quarter. So I think we feel good that it will get there, how far in to the carry it gets will be the issue.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: Great, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup Inc. Please proceed.
William R. Katz: Okay, thanks so much. Can you just tell us where you think we are in terms of the opportunities set to pick up either distressed or other type of assets that were formally being managed by banks if you will in terms of the may be the deleveraging around the world and where you stand in terms of the opportunities set?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: It depends, where in the world youre talking about and what assets class. Right now in Europe, really for the first time over the last six months the European banks are in good enough shape that they are able to liquidate assets and still maintain a decent capital ratio in the bank and so thats got a lot of stuff going on, and you are also seeing some type of distress in Asia in real estate as the number of the banks retreat in terms of credit extension which is putting a lot of pressure on people who develop and hold real estate. Not so much here in the U.S. a lot of thats been increasingly cleared out, although there still is some real estate in the commercial area of that type and residential different markets are healing in different ways, but have a way to go from the artificial depression from the withdrawal of credit in the housing sector. Corporate wise, in U.S. there is obviously not a lot of distress left. There is a little bit in Europe and in Asia really some of that's going to be coming in the future if the emerging markets develop a problem. So I don't know, Tony, whether you see things differently than
Hamilton E. James: No. I see it the same. But to put a little meat on the bones, Europe is very little distress in any asset class and what is out there is has the prices have moved up, so we started buying nonperforming residential loans at $0.40 on the dollar they have more than doubled, for example lately. And at some point, that's just not that interesting. So the U.S. is not much distressed and I would say its just declining further and prices are high. In Europe, weve been very active lately, but the  starting with much more capital flowing in the year of a distressed and so Im not sure necessarily how long there will be interesting opportunities, but they are interesting today and interestingly Asia, particularly with a pull back of credit in China is really starting to have a lot of momentum. So there is a lot  so its kind of  its slow from the U.S., in the Europe and it looks like they are slowing over to Asia just regionally. I would say the two businesses that are  that benefits most from the bank sales are real estate and tactical opportunities and to a lesser degree, our strategic partners business. So those have been the prime beneficiaries, but we'll have to see. It's a very pricey world and it's the healing world. Europe, I think the economy has bottomed out. So I dont think we're going to be creating a lot more distress. U.S. of course, economy is picking up momentum and it's really emerging markets where you can get something going off the rails, but some of those assets are, if they are credit assets, creditor rights issues some of the things that make it harder.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: One final thing, because we give answers that are much too long, but sort of tells you how we think, that there is dislocation coming out of all the financial regulation thats continuing whether its U.S., whether its Europe much less in Asia at this point, though that will change, and, you know, the tightening of regulation, the prohibition to be in certain things, the mandatory requirements for equity make it very difficult for the banking system to continue extending credits in areas that the are used to and as a result of that that creates opportunity which can be done through a completely different funding mechanism, which is very important to understand that when we go into businesses, we typically raise long-term capital without any demand for repayment on the liability side. And so were finding a steady stream of those types of opportunities, which is what you would expect with a dramatic rejiggering of the financial system globally.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: One last piece of color on that, the U.S. banking system is pretty well capitalized actually. So, there is less foreselling come out of them. It's Europe where you've got relatively more of the foresellers, which towards less well capitalized. And in Asia, it's not so much coming out of the banks as it's companies that can't get access to capital. Right.
William R. Katz: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW. Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Thanks. Good morning. I'm curious, if the financial stability for
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Can you speak up a little for some reason
Robert Lee: Yes. Is that better?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yes.
Joan Solotar: Yes.
Robert Lee: Okay. The SSP, they had their white paper I guess several months or quarters ago, included that looking at a  taking a look at the asset managers more from product perspective as opposed to a manager's perspective, but some of your peers out there have written their comment letters about how they think they should approach that and with particular focus on the leverage in products, for example. I'm just curious on what your take is on that process and what you think that kind of the SSP has said and where you think things maybe headed.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: So Robert are you  so referring to [all of] banking debate?
Robert Lee: Well, I guess the financial stability what said when looking at perspective non-bank, non-insurance fees that they would focus not on the manager level, but on the product level potentially, whether looking at leveraging products, size of products. So, I think, that is kind of where we
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay, so our view was that there is no conceivable way that if people were rational and we're worried about systemic risk, that Blackstone would be a SIFI . Our assets are not interconnected. Our funds are not levered. Capital is lined is tied up, one asset could go down and because they are not cross collateralized, it doesnt destabilize any vehicle, its no different really than a mutual fund owning a bunch of equities, there is no more systemic risk to what we do than that. So its really  and where as the mutual fund could have a lot of redemptions for a seller, we really can be. So I dont really see how  now doesnt mean that the political process might not come to a bad result, so we just look at it and think that at the end of the day rationality will prevail.
Laurence A. Tosi: If I could add one thing, the other measure that they there are looking at is $15 billion of assets in total for some of these institutions where its $16 billion. So, were a long way from being even close to that. And obviously even for the $16 billion all of those assets  a lot of that applies to what Tony just said was highly diversified in a bunch of different private funds.
Robert Lee: Great that was it. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line Glenn Schorr with ISI [ph]. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Curious to get a little update on what is working in the retail channel obviously a lot, but curious to get in the perspective of the overall company. And then the part B of that is whether or not the increased penetration in retail and credit lending focus overall brings any more regulatory scrutiny than you already have?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay well first of all everything is working retail right now. And just to put numbers on that I think we talked about five years ago we raised about $0.5 billion a year in retail products. In the first quarter, we raised $2.5 billion, just to show you how its ramping. Part of that is the market has come back, but a lot of that is just a retail system that weve built and have been building for four or five years. I would try to keep that low visibility for competitive reasons, but its out there now and it's really humming. So originally retail investors want yield product and any thing with the yield. And now they have shifted  risk appetite has gone up a lot and they are much more focused on total return and there is really appetite for our high return non-yield products private equity and real estate distressed rescue financing so on. So and the way we approach is in lot of forms, targeted towards different audiences. So we have a mortgage REIT where you can  a little old lady can buy a hundred shares safely for a few thousand dollars, and then we have direct participation into private equity real estate taxable opportunities, some of those more esoteric products, where it takes ultra high net worth investors, and then we have products in the middle targeted for the mass affluent BDCs and things like that. So we  and as you know weve created a daily liquidity hedge fund product in conjunction with Fidelity which we are now going to be expanding some of that distributions. So we have a lot of  its all of our products and its all segments of retail and its getting at those retail investors through a lot of different distribution mechanisms.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: The one thing I might add to that Glenn, because in that you asked us about regulatory oversight and in fact. Just to be clear when Tony used the word direct, meaning they are going into our main funds, but they are going through a vehicle thats set up and managed by the actual brokers network as it may be. So we are one step or move from actually taking, so they are qualifying the clients and dealing with clients directly, not us. I think thats an important distinction from regulatory and risk perspective.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. I guess the only follow-up I would ask is in conjunction to our  related to the same product that you have out with Fidelity, I think you are seeing a bunch of their traditional asset managers put out some liquid alternatives. Im curious to see how you think that enter plays with all your efforts in the retail channel and if its that just  is that just speaking towards a certain sub-segment and your brand would do well in that channel anyway.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Well I think our brand will do very well in that channel anyway, but those liquid alternatives products that are being put out there are not really alternatives products. So despite the label, they will get  they are getting huge amounts of money. More power to them, but notwithstanding  and they have been out there for a while. Notwithstanding that we're still ramping significantly, but none of them offer the kind of returns, the lack of correlation and so on that we do. As I said, they are not truly alternative products the way we define it which is focused on private markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. All right I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Luke Montgomery with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Luke Montgomery: Thanks. On the gates transaction, I know that Joe has said buying something that someone else already optimized is not a recipe for success. Onyx doubled their money on that holding. So I'm curious what precisely you think you can do with that business that Onyx couldnt and then just more generally what is your response to the idea that a 15% IR is a new 20%? I imagine you'll appeal to the operational improvements you can make, but how do you methodically address the lower term critics?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: This is Steve. Just on Gates and buying things from other people, we get this question from time-to-time and it is interesting that when people buy stocks they dont have questions who owned it the last time and the fact that a stock was always out there, and this is something it always being improved and people buy them and sometimes if they are smart they go up a lot and if they are not so smart they go down and for some reason, we get asked different types of questions, even though we buy these companies you know that were out there, now, we've done this a bunch and it's really a function of what you are buying and what your analysis is. For example, we bought a company brokers another firm years ago we made 6.5 times profit on it and you could have asked the same question. With Gates, the analysis is, and, you know, it's not a zero sum game. Somebody could make money and someone else can make money too. This is a very interesting company its a terrific company actually and its global. It can do more expansion in certain parts of the world, but basically Gates was part of a deal which was a combination with a company called Thompkins in the UK. And the direction when that company was bought was to basically liquidate the Thompkins business. Thompkins was comprised of a lot of smaller companies within Thompkins. So that the managements primary focus was for doing that liquidation rather than spending an equivalent amount of time on the Gates portion of the business. Like many private equity deals, there comes a time when you sell it, when you've accomplished a bunch of what you've tried to do. I think the sellers in this case did they have a successful deal. We looked at Gates from an operating perspective and in this regard, weve had a very good thing happen here at the firm with a fellow named Dave Calhoun joining us, who for  I guess it was like seven years ran Nielsen a very, very successfully and previously was Vice Chairman of General Electric. And Dave was part of our due diligence team on this along with our team of really terrific private equity professionals and other outsiders that  and the view of Dave as well as the other peoples if there were significant improvements that could be made to Gates in terms of best practices and other approaches with applications of capital with high returns. And so as a results of really just sort of a blocking and tackling case with a company with very low downside. In terms of its basic business primarily aftermarket rather than the volatility of an OEM, that we took a positive approach on the deal. One of the wonderful things about our business as you find out in three to five years if we were right or not. And we think the analysis here is correct, or we wouldn't have gone ahead. But one of the things you also find is that when you buy really good companies, like a Gates, good things tend to happen to you. And a little bit of attention goes a long way. So, that's maybe more than you wanted to know about Gates.
Laurence A. Tosi: And on the second part of your question look, is 15 the new 20. I think its not quite the way we think about it. We promise are we expect to deliver our investors five basis points to 700 basis points return above what they could earn in the public markets. And, you  that maybe somewhat lower today than it's been, but when I look at the deals, deal by deal, they are all being priced to what we think is the same 20% hurdle. Now, we correct for the fact that the markets price year and more difficult by reducing as Steve mentioned the real estate reducing the rate of investment, they try to keep that bar high. And  but I think, I think that the funds that we're investing now will be, right up in there with any fund we've ever invested in terms of total return.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: And what we've also learned is when you stray from that discipline, which other people in our business not all, but other people from time-to-time do, they say, well all the markets giving me is 15 is thats usually a sign of some kind of a bubble and that if you just follow the crowd, good things don't happen to you because that 15 ends up not being 15 either. So, its important to keep discipline. And part of the things  part of the lessons you learn doing this kind of investing over decades.
Luke Montgomery: Helpful, thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed.
Michael S. Kim: Yes, good morning. Just to follow up on the outlook for realizations, I understand kind of the sizable embedded gains that you have built up across your funds and sort of the more liquid profile of the underlying investments but just to play devil's advocate just curious is to what to the potential extent maybe to choppier market backdrop more recently could possibly impact the timeline of IPO secondary offerings and just realization activity more broadly.
Hamilton E. James: Well look if the market is goes down a lot it would push out the time line for sure. On the other hand, these assets are not of static value. If we sell a company two years from now its going to be heck of a lot more valuable, so it doesnt  so what happens then? Investors have to wait a little longer for distribution, but distributions are bigger and what we  when we use the carry and what investors bring that from  its not IRR its multiple of investor capital. So the IRR could be flat or it could even degrade little as the holding period stretches out, but the multiple of money really goes up, so the carry goes up faster than the overall value obviously, because its derivative of the gain. So its not such a bad thing and thats why we can be patient and we are patient and we're always looking at what can I get to hold it, and frankly, even if these equity prices, it's not such an easy decision to sell many of these companies. They are doing great. And they have a lot of appreciation ahead of them and thats one of the reasons that our IPOs almost universally perform extremely well and well outperform the market because investors know A we dont sell much when we IPO it and B there is lot of appreciation potential ahead with these companies. So waiting is not a bad thing.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: One of the things that LT said in his remarks I think was that our companies are growing was it 100% more than the S&P in terms of EBITDA LT?
Laurence A. Tosi: Yes.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: All right. So may pretend you construct a portfolio thats growing at a 100% of S&P and that you have some stock market choppiness is for two to three weeks and sort of markets go down. As Tony indicated, if we can keep compounded the earnings of the companies at double that rate there is no bad that happens to you as an investor, if you could put together a portfolio companies growing at double S&P and do it at or ridiculously low multiple, you would be a happy person, I would think, I mean we are happy. So we look at the realization questions slightly differently than some other people might look at it, because we're trying to create a lot of value and the market gives it us we'll take it, but as long as we can do a terrific job growing these assets well in excess of what other people might be buying at what is in effect for you are very low buy-in price, then that's a good model.
Michael S. Kim: Okay it makes sense, thanks for taking my question.
Operator: And your next question is coming from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Michael Carrier: Thanks guys. LT, two things, maybe on some numbers. First, on the fee earnings, I think the seasonality in terms of 1Q versus 4Q on advisory kind of did that. It seems like on the expense side, both on comp and non-comp; maybe it was a little bit higher. So any seasonality there that will normalize and I know you guys gave some color on that one page in terms of unusual items. And then just on the performance, so I think you guys have stated the growth in the portfolio companies, whether its on the revenue and EBITDA side. So I get that I guess Im just trying to figure out, because in general we typically see like the private portfolio over the performance be relatively subdued overtime. So Im just curious like in this quarter was there like an inflection point in some of these sectors and some of these companies or is there something else in the  like comps that did well in the quarter even though the broader market wasnt that strong.
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay. So the first part you are talking about advisory fees. The way the GAAP works, you try to accrue for what you think the compensation amount will be for the entire year, even though in that business we tend to be cyclically concentrated in the fourth quarter Mike. So the fact actually that the compensation accrual in the first quarter looks high relative to the revenues, is actually a reflection of the fact that our outlook for the year is that we will have more than four times the first quarters revenue over the course of the year, if you follow me. So typically we have about 30% of the revenues in the fourth quarter, but Im required to account for 25% of the full year compensation expense in the first quarter. So actually its more of bullish sign of where they are. And I think you look at revenue is up year-over-year about 7% and then economic net income about 3% thats in that range is what we are forecasting for the year. Now as far as the private performance overtime actually what did not drive the valuations in the first quarter was market comparables or changes to exit notables. It was purely driven by EBITDA growth. So we very rarely do we make changes in exit multiples, obviously the multiples will change or take a company public as the market will give its own notable to a business and that typically those notables will be higher than our carrying value, because we point towards a conservative long-term notable value, but the driver that you saw in the private portfolio and the public portfolio reflects where they are in the growth basis, not a change in notables.
Michael Carrier: Okay.
Joan Solotar: Its really was  it was across the board it wasnt sector-by-sector.
Michael Carrier: Okay thanks a lot.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: It was doubt.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Kelley with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matthew R. Kelley: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the real estate platform with rep 7 the majority that being invested I know you have the Asia fund out there just curious what are your thoughts are when you could be out there was fund 8 and how big you think get  what are the opportunities out side of what you are doing now how big that can be et cetera. So where the opportunity for growth in other words.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yes, I think  this is Steve fund 8 is ways  we have sold a whole bunch of stuff already 7 and we have recyclable capital and so that that I cant give you a data on that but thats not eminent in terms of happening although the fund is sort of like gang busters. Are we allowed to say what the returns are?
Laurence A. Tosi: Yes, we actually have them in there.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay. So the returns on that fund, even though its got a pretty short like there somewhere in the opportunity.
Laurence A. Tosi: Its 28% net IRR today
Stephen A. Schwarzman: For memory, which is pretty amazing actually. So, we are ways away from doing that even our people might need a breather every ones in a while, we are saying where is there opportunity, was that part of that question?
Matthew R. Kelley: Yes, so that was part of the question and anything else you want to mentioned to.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yes, I think we did mentioned the core plus area which is potentially a large market opportunity for us and that could be hearing more that in the future we develop our plans in that sector.
Matthew R. Kelley: Great thanks guys.
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Marc S. Irizarry: Oh, great just a quick a couple of quick question on private equity first just in terms of the optic an investment activity the 3.1 billion that investor committed. How much that was in the U.S. versus the rest of the world then Ive quick follow-up?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay, Tosi going to handle that.
Laurence A. Tosi: Its about 60/40, 60 U.S., 40 outside.
Marc S. Irizarry: Okay great and then just in terms of fund raising in it look like tac option strategic partners and private equity have some activity going on there and make sure in the main strategic partners fund 70% drawn. Can you give us a sense of how we should think about fund raising over the next maybe 12 months to 18 months for private equity? Do you foresee also maybe a big, another BCP fund coming to market as well?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Yes, were coming to market with our energy fund, which  well in all probability end up being capped. Should be a lot of demand for that with returns the previous funds in the 50s. You don't find the funds in history that do things like that. And then, we'll be  again, these are sort of probability type things coming to market with our next significant BCP basic fund of BCP 7, would be probably in the next year. So
Laurence A. Tosi: That's  Mark, that's when we commence the fund-raising for these funds. So it goes on for a while after that, while we finish all the old funds.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: I should note that strategic partners also, their fund is  hit it's hard cap. It's up from $2.5 million to $4 billion or something like that. So 60% increase. And we also have very exciting business in tactical opportunities. This is all in the private equities segment, which is getting pretty fully invested. So I wouldn't be surprised to see them back in the next year or so as well.
Laurence A. Tosi: And on the S&P thing, one other thing sign of health if you will, is that  cap probably sitting with the group of peoples, so they can correct me on this, but it's basically around six months from going into the market. Usually, these funds for most firms take a year and half to raise and it's a sign of  how well regarded the S&P people are. We've been experiencing this  in other parts of the firm as well, that market whether its us that the marketing periods for these funds are getting shorter and shorter. And the demand is significantly higher, for example, if you were to measure these two years to three years ago you would have been appreciably different.
Marc S. Irizarry: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous. Please proceed.
M. Patrick Davitt: Hey, guys. Thank you. I want to expand a bit on Steve Schwarzman comments around predominant the dominant position you have in real estate and how much further behind a lot of your competitor are. It doubles likes a lot of players that probably would have historically been considered core real estate, have been ramping up pretty significantly and I saw the same lists youve seen and you see guys moving from 23rd place to top ten in one year. Im curious I as these larger pools of money get raised how does that discussion works with your LPs, do feel like they want to diversify away from Blackstone or some these guys that you have a history in real estate making that incremental dollar that much harder to get. And secondarily are you seeing more competition on some of the larger deals that maybe two or three years ago, you would have been the only bidder?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Thats very good question. I think we are still dealing with the overhead of basically miserable performance by most the managers in real estate whether they were core managers or opportunity manager. And so there is a real desire for safety, real estate is in a liquid asset class, typically its got leverage, typically there are always some group of people hitting the wall in any economic downturn. And the fact that weve had virtually no losses in opportunity real estate which tends to have the highest leverage and thats virtually no losses, I think its less than 1% of a capital over 22 years, I mean sort of an astonishing record for capital preservation, let alone performance thats highest in its sector with no one close, puts us in a very unusual position which should last for some period of time, because if you have been burned, you give people money, you tend not to forget that very quickly. And so one of the reasons we keep creating more and more gap between ourselves and the rest of the people in that asset class and its actually pretty unique thing in my experience, because it shouldnt be happening, but the distress was so severe with these other managers and our performance was so differentiated including the safety component of it which is very important for large institutions. Thats is not allowing us to expand in different parts of the real estate complex and so well be continuing to innovate in that area and I think that this is a trend thats going to exists for some time, but it is different, buying a piece of core real estate sort of a nice  sort of more of less go where  office building, and generating a 7% return than it is doing a lot of operational changes with a piece of real estate or going through major restructurings or building additions, improvements to real estate or basically modernizing or upgrading or improving software systems and a variety of other things thats really operational. And so Im not trying to take that down side of your question, there are always people  market to every large rule of the capital and just because you are out there wanting to do something doesnt mean people will necessarily assume you can go from something you were doing to something that they view as much different. You may tell them, in fact its the same but if they understand that difference they challenge you on that. So I think this is much more fudgy than you might suspect. Its not this stuff doesnt have been as fast as it would with liquid managers, where you hire somebody who is at a new place. They bring the record and it just sort of happens and the money flows to them  its different and the approval processes are different and the bias is it gets built up not just by the people in the institution to a green lighting, but also their board of trustees which are very cautious generally about the real estate asset class. So that may have been more of a wandering answer than you were looking for but it reflects on a perception of what is going on.
Hamilton E. James: So Patrick let me add a couple of things. As Steve mention there is just no one close that has in terms of the investment track record and so what that meaning as we go out that we are not only not  not only the investors not coming into our funds in preference to others, our fund, our real estate funds are all hitting a cap , we are turning away investors. So I think thats to the benefit of other funds, because we cant take all the capital, but we are certainly not funding any  if anything is insufficient supply not as sufficient demand number one. Number two, in terms of putting money out real estate is huge; the value of buildings in the world is what is that of of all stocks and bonds combined. And so there is an awful lot to do by comparison to sort of corporate investing and ironically the cumulative amount of real estate opportunity funds raised is very smaller than cumulative amount raised for private equity. So again, in terms of supply and demand of opportunities is extremely favorable. So it has been as you can see from the rate of investment and the life cycle of these funds which are shorter than private equity if not at all hard to put this money out, the investment pace is extremely high. Number three, there is a lot of scale advantages in real estate, I mean with our certain deals we are the only ones big enough to do it alone, consortiums do form but they are cumbersome and you tend to get a lowest common denominator kind of attitude and you tend not to execute very crisply. So that is one kind of scale advantage. The other one what Steve is getting into is the very operational, we have dedicated teams in Scandinavia to do only suburban office, and we have dedicated teams in Germany that do only hotels and we have a dedicated teams that do only warehouses in Continental Europe or in England or in the United States or in Japan or in China. Dedicated teams each play, its you have to have a lot of skill to have that and if you dont have it you become frankly a less good and less effective investor. So I think our LPs understand that this is kind of a unique kind of business, its very hard to replicate.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: You should call them and ask them, you dont have to believe us actually.
M. Patrick Davitt: All right, Ill do that.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: You just call a bunch of them and you can call us back and tell what weve said, we think we are in touch with what they believe, you dont need to hesitate to call.
M. Patrick Davitt: Thank you for the answer.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Brian B. Bedell: Hi good morning folks, or good afternoon I guess. Just a little clarification on the piece of capital deployment, it looks like you are running at a pace of around $20 billion this year versus $15 billion in each of the last couple of years, and it looks like the pipeline in the second quarter is good. Just want to see if that seems about right given what you are seeing in opportunities and to what degree core real estate is a part of that deployment picture of that to a $20 billion annual basis aside from core real estate and there is potential to put more to work over and above that. And then just if you could just talk a little bit more about the BAAM, up from a capital vehicle. Looks like it's getting off to a very good start. Your outlook for that that type of market going forward?
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, I'll take the first part of maybe Tony or Steve will take the BAAM part  with respect I would be careful to look at the first quarter of this year and normalize it towards some level, in part because the first quarter of last year was actually a relatively slow period with respect to deploying capital, last year all-in, we did just over $15 billion. It feels like the pace of capital will be more than that, but nowhere near the 21, 22 that the pace would indicated the moment, its my view.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay, let me just comment a couple of things. First of all, when you say the pace is $15 billion bucks the last couple years and now its 20. Recognized the last couple of years we didnt have as many products in this funds. So, we have strategic partners now we didn't have before. We have core real estate now we didn't have before. We have Blackstone mortgage trust we didn't have before. So the pace is going up, not because necessarily a given business like, say, private equity is getting more active, although in that case it is slightly, but not back to the glory days, but really because of the  because there are more businesses and there all active putting money out. So, let me put a qualitative I would say real estate  opportunity real estate, away from the new products, is at some kind of peak and is probably, if anything, going to be a little slower to deploy although its still run in a pretty good level. Private equity which has been put money out slowly, is picking up. Credit, which has had some very big years of capital funding will be notably slower. So, those are kind of the trends within the sub-segments. What was the second part of the question?
Brian B. Bedell: The BAAM permanent capital vehicle.
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Okay, yes, well I think the vehicle has got off to a great start. It's performed very well and were looking  were now from moving to other distribution partners beyond Fidelity.
Brian B. Bedell: In the market for that is essentially I guess  maybe longer term. It seems like an interesting structure. So do you think that that market's just very early innings and theres a lot of opportunity over the longer term to really grow that potential?
Stephen A. Schwarzman: Extremely early innings, I mean one product in the first order as well youve got it could be very substantially larger.
Brian B. Bedell: Okay, great. Thanks, very much.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line from of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin P. Ryan: Thank you. And good afternoon. I just wanted to get an update on your thoughts around M&A and we've been hearing some positive commentary around the outlook from a number of the big investment banks that have been reporting clearly, volumes have been pretty depressed with range bound for the past five years. North America is starting to show some pretty healthy level, Europe is starting to stabilize. So an updated view around the M&A market today from your seat would be great and maybe how that market has developed relative to last year and then the competing dynamics between the opportunities for better asset monetization versus maybe more strategic participation and how that might be impacting target valuations are crowding out the number of bidders bidding for a particular asset?
Hamilton E. James: Okay. Well the M&A market feels better I would say that way because well if you look at the backlogs you know they are definitely up. And, what you will hear a lot about is M&A practitioners talking about how buyers have been rewarded. So in other words, unusually the stocks of buyers on the deals announced have been going up and thats encouraging boards to be more venturesome and the put money out. Also some other factors are; I think the economies  Europe seems to have bottomed out. The US economy is healing and so boards  companies are more comfortable than more venturesome. They are sitting out lot of cash and very strong balance sheet, so they have that in terms ammo and their stocks are up, so they got that in the way currency as well. And then finally their organic growth as you can see from what's happening at the S&P is weak. In fact, I think last year if you took our stock buybacks S&P earnings wouldnt have been up. So companies are eager for growth. So the combination of desire for grow, lots of fire power, lots of currency, more comfortable with the world and the stock market rewarding managements and companies for deals has created. I think an upswing in the M&A which should continue for while, I dont see that any of those things reverse and were seeing that in our pipeline. Now what could change that will be some kind of geopolitical thing I think, so I mean god only knows what happens if there is a problem between say Japan and China or something like that. That of course could change that perception in a hurry, but I will say the M&A business is  it is the physiological business and if markets plummet a lot, they will have sellers willing to back-off and you might even have buyers wanting to sort of wait to see what is happening. In the last year or two there have been an awful lot of transactions in M&A that were worked on, got to sort of the 10-yard line and didnt get done. And thats really happen last years it look pretty good beginning the year and then sort of Petered out, just a lot of things that buyers and sellers and agents that spend a lot of time on just didn't happen. In terms of the impact on I guess, youre asking again is our private equity business. I think the stock market now is offering values consistent with a lot of times strategic we pay historically so we dont actually we are not looking to the strategic sale market from most of our exist at this point. Most of its equity and its come back it will be good for our existing portfolio because inevitably there will be some more activity. And we certainly had some very interesting approaches lately with several of our companies. So to be clear thats only a good thing with the existing portfolio. And but our exits are not dependent on that. Now, on the bidding side, lot of times we are buying assets which you are kind impaired and take a lot of work and under managed and they just wont see a lot of strategic often for those assets. Although of course, if there is a lot more strategic activity we will see more competition inevitably. But, you know, our cost of capital today was interest rates where they are and non-leverage we can get, I think maybe below that are more strategic.
Joan Solotar: Great, well thanks everyone for joining us and we have follow up questions. Please feel free to call us directly. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-03-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives Lenny Silverstein - President and COOJohn Williams - Chairman and CEOMike Cronin - Executive Vice President and CAODan DuPree - Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer Bill Leseman - Executive Vice President, Property ManagementJohn Isakson - Chief Investment OfficerPaul Cullen - Chief Marketing OfficerAnalysts Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research Craig Kucera - Wunderlich SecuritiesSteve Manaker - OppenheimerRick Murray - Midwest AdvisorsOperator Good morning and welcome to the Preferred Apartment Communities Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Lenny Silverstein, President and Chief Operating Officer. Please go ahead.Lenny Silverstein Thank you, operator. Thank you very much for joining us this morning and welcome to Preferred Apartment Communities fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. We hope that each of you have had a chance to review our fourth quarter earnings report, which we released yesterday after the market closed.In a moment, Ill be turning the call over to John Williams, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for a review of our performance and his thoughts for fiscal 2014. Also with us today are Dan DuPree, our Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer; Mike Cronin, our Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Bill Leseman, our Executive Vice President of Property Management; John Isakson, our Chief Capital Officer; and Paul Cullen, our Chief Marketing Officer. Following the conclusion of our prepared remarks, we'll be pleased to answer any questions you might have.Before we begin, I'd like everyone to note that forward-looking statements may be made during our call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve various risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. There is a discussion about these risks and uncertainties in yesterday's press release. Our press release can be found on our website at pacapts.com.The press release on our website also includes an attachment containing our supplemental financial data for the fourth quarter with definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures and other terms, which may be used in today's call. We encourage you to refer to this information during your review of our operating results and financial performance. Unless otherwise indicated, all per share results that we discuss this morning are based on the basic weighted average shares of Common Stock and Class A Partnership Units outstanding for the period. Speaking of our operating results and financial performance, we believe that the fourth quarter produced excellent results. Our FFO was almost $3 million or $0.23 per share. For the fourth quarter 2013 compared to the fourth quarter 2012, our FFO increased approximately 202%, or approximately 21% per share. Normalized FFO which is basically FFO excluding the effects of acquisition costs, was approximately 3.3 million or $0.25 per share for the fourth quarter of 2013. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, our normalized FFO increased approximately 230%, or almost 32% per share on a period over period basis. Adjusted FFO for the fourth quarter 2013 was 2.95 million, or $0.22 per share. This represents an increase of approximately 195% compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 or approximately 16% per share. In particular, I want to remind you that adjusted FFO is calculated after paying all dividends on our preferred stock. Total revenues for the fourth quarter 2013 increased approximately $6 million or almost 159% compared to the same period in 2012. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter of 2013 was approximately 2.93 million representing an increase of approximately $1.8 million or 153% compared to cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter of 2012.The 2013 fourth quarter increases in FFO, normalized FFO and adjusted FFO as well as revenues and cash flow from operations primarily reflect a full quarter of operations from 4 properties we acquired in the first half of 2013. Income from 8 loans originated during the first 3 quarters of 2013 and income originated from three loans originated during the fourth quarter of 2013. And now Id like to turn the call over to John Williams for his remarks.John Williams Thank you, Lenny. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for the fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. I first want to take a moment to explain that we believe some folks have mistakenly focused on net income or net loss based metrics in measuring the financial success of our company. Please remember we are in a cash flow business, not a net income business. In reality, all REITs are cash flow companies. This is why our FFO and AFFO metrics are so important for all of us. As we discussed before on many occasions, we as a company are acquiring and expect to continue to acquire multifamily communities that are paced that will allow us to continue the company's current growth path and have issued and expect to continue to issue additional securities of the company to help finance these acquisitions. As a result, you will see on our consolidated statement of operations, [indiscernible] a significant amount of depreciation and amortization expense and other non-cash charges all consistent with our growth strategy as a REIT and in accordance with GAAP.If you add back our non-cash items like depreciation and amortization and other non-cash charges you will gain a better picture of our financial performance which we believe has been outstanding to date. As a matter of fact, I think I've read up to 50-odd year end results so far this quarter and I think our report is one of the best if not the best. If you know of a company with better results, please let me know because I love to review their financial performance.Primarily as a result of our acquisition in mezzanine loan investment strategy we finished the year with approximately 342 million in total assets. As you may remember, we commenced operations at the time of our IPO in April of 2011. Since then weve continued to acquire and focus on managing our multifamily communities, building our brand and securing additional capital to support future acquisitions. For example, during 2013 we raised approximately 142 million through sales of our equity securities, including approximately 33 million from the sale of common stock in a public offering during the first quarter  fourth quarter of 2013. As of December 31, 2013 we had entered into commitments for an aggregate amount of 130 million in mezzanine loans and other secured investment transactions of which we funded approximately 112 million. Generally we received our current interest payment of 8 to 8.5% per annum payable monthly and we will accrue an additional 4% to 6% payable at maturity. At the time we exercised our put option, or at the time the property is refinanced, or sold to a third party. In effect, we believe the option to purchase allowed us to buy brand new well located, well built community at a wholesale price rather than a retail price.We declared a quarterly dividend on our common stock of $0.16 per share which was paid on January 15 2014 to all common stockholders as of record of December 16, 2013. By way of reference, we have increased our common stock dividend 28% since our April 2011 IPO. This represents approximately 11.4% increase on an annualized basis. As weve indicated before, we will continue to seek to have our dividends with tax efficient but with a key driver is the acquisition of additional multifamily communities. Without taking into effect, our capital raising activities we currently believe that our normalized FFO for the first quarter of 2014 will be in the range of $0.21 to $0.25 per share and that adjusted FFO for the first quarter will be in the range of $0.16 to $0.22 per share. On the liability side of the company, I would like to confirm that other than our 40 million revolving credit facility we incurred no debt at the company or operating partnership levels. None of our individual property mortgage financings are profitable cross-collateralized with each other and none have any recourse liability upstream to our company or to our operating partnerships.In other words, although our consolidated financial statements said that for our company except for our credit facility, our debt resides at the property level and is isolated in separate limited liability companies, weve established to own each of these properties. In any case, as of December 31, 2013, our outstanding debt was approximately 41.8% of the value of our tangible assets on a portfolio basis, on our estimates of fair value at December 31 2013 and 48.2% of undepreciated book value. On a non-financial basis, we continue to advance operating efforts both through name recognition, website strategies and property level enhancements, we continue to believe our branding strategy resonates well with our resident and investor feedback. We are pleased with the robustness of our website, its transparency and its ease of use, based on the resident feedback and our innovative PAC country, PAC rewards and PAC programs, these efforts continue to churn [ph]. Our primary strategy continues to be to grow our company through acquisitions for which we will need capital at least for the foreseeable future. We routinely assess various capital raising markets to identify what we believe is the mostly reasonable way to raise additional capital based on our needs and plans. Another key component of our growth strategy is our mezzanine loan investment program.I want to now introduce c, our Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer to provide some more color on this topic. Dan?Dan DuPree Thanks, John. As you noted earlier, we are actively pursuing acquisitions of multifamily communities that fit our business model. We are focusing on MSAs that have over 1 million in population, strong demographics and strong job growth. We're not focusing on Gateway type cities like New York, Boston, Chicago and San Francisco where acquisition cap rates have fallen to a level that we believe would not result in accretive transactions for our shareholders. In addition to one-off acquisitions, we are also exploring portfolio transactions. Separately our innovative mezzanine loan program enhances our acquisition pipeline by giving us the opportunity to acquire brand-new modern stabilized multifamily communities at super prices. This program enables us to work with a select few highly qualified third-party developers to design communities that meet our specifications for high-quality. It is a collaborative effort that complements our organic growth and our standard acquisition growth strategies.Two of our mezzanine loan projects have now begun leasing and both are well ahead of schedule as to both pace and rate. We expect to have 2 additional projects in leasing over the next of 60 to 90 days. John spoke earlier about the attractive current and accrued returns we received from our mezzanine loans. I think the real value realizing the value of our options the completed stabilized properties, while our earlier closing set of fixed price for our repurchase options, our most recent deals provide for options at 50 to 60 basis points cap rate discounts at the time of acquisition, thus materially and immediately enhancing NAV calculations for the company's assets. We have current portfolio of 12 mezzanine and other loan investments on which we have options to acquire 7 multifamily communities upon completion and stabilization. We expect to convert the remaining five loan investments in the mezzanine loans with similar purchase options. We have 3 additional loan investments that we hope to close within the next 60 days. John Williams Thanks, Dan. Some folks have commented recently about the apartment market in general and whether it has peaked, or still in the downturn. I believe that the fundamentals in the multifamily sector for 2014 and beyond will continue to be strong and positive. The economy and the labor market are expected to improve although slowly, may continue to projected underproduction in overall housing. We are still bullish on demographic growth in the 20 to 35-year-old echo-boomer A segment, which we believe to have a greater likelihood to rent versus owned. In fact, there are over 80 million persons in this echo boomer segment, representing probably the largest demographic level ever for the United States, as the economy and job market rebound we expect increased household formation with a large portion of echo boomers returning to the rural market. The most interesting is the success weve had since our 2011 IPO despite the lackluster turnaround in our economy and slow job growth today. As you may know we believe that job creation is probably the number one criteria for both rental demand and rental growth. Job creation generates household formation which is the driver for all housing success. Lastly, we believe that the multi-family sector is great hedge against inflations. Since our resident leases are about 12 months in duration, and on average one 12th of our leases either returned or renewed every month. As a result, we still believe that wind is at our backs. We continue to actively manage our communities as usual to drive best balance vacancies for rent growth while at the same time provide super service to our residents. In addition, we will continue to look at alternatives on how to fund our growth prospects in light of the current economic climate with the goal being to make any transaction accretive to our earnings. Before I turn the call over to the operator, there are several questions thats already been sent to us. So let me run through those. First, how does the company look at NAV? And I will call on John Isakson to answer that for us?John Isakson Thanks, John. When we look at NAV internally, we value the operating portfolio by capping the NOI in place. We have cash and cash equivalents in other ancillary assets, balance sheet, like note receivable, note receivable right of parties and our accrued interest  within the debt outstanding, the mortgage notes payable, accounts payable, revolving credit facility as well as other ancillary liabilities. And once we get to that number, we then deduct the preferred outstanding the company has sold to date to come up with a net capital for the common stockholders. We divide that by the common stock outstanding and the number of units outstanding.John Williams And do we put a calculation in that for the mezzanine loans by the way?John Isakson No, even Dan pointed out earlier, I think its important to keep in mind that we value the mezzanine loans, but mezzanine loans themselves are looked at from a book value basis, and dont have the value after  so we dont place a value on that. John Williams Thank you, John. And the next question that was submitted, how does your pipeline look? Dan DuPree will answer that for us.Dan DuPree John, we prepare a weekly pipeline report detailing acquisition opportunities we're looking at or considering in our target market. The last week's report included 68 properties far and away our most robust report yet, so the pipeline is deep and growing deeper. John Williams The next question  can you talk about some of the property that was acquired at the beginning of the year and also the Columbus property, the company previous, so they indicated it was thinking to acquire, and now I ask Dan to respond to that.Dan DuPree Yeah, some of the acquisition was a result of our mezzanine loan program and an example of being able to acquire an asset at a significant discount to market, as to Columbus that was a deal we were basically enthusiastic about until our due diligence and covered environmental issues that we deemed to be too great a risk relative to the reward afforded by that acquisition. So at the end of the day we elected not to go forward with it, which kind of underscored the significance of our due diligence process. John Williams And the question that was submitted, is about common stock offerings in the future, will there be? And I will ask Lenny to respond to that. Lenny Silverstein Yeah, thanks, John. As weve indicated before we have a variety of avenues to raise capital. Obviously we can continue to raise capital in the pure public market space. We do have a self-registration statement thats been on file for a while that allows us to do that fairly quickly and fairly efficiently. We also, for those of you who may have noticed we filed last Friday an ATM [ph] registration statement again giving us another arrow in the quiver to allow us to sell equity securities at the market in those types of transactions. And then last we raised capital through our sales of series A redeemable preferred stock on an ongoing basis.John Williams Thanks, Lenny and then we had a question about leasing trends. Can you talk about leasing trends in the industry and in particular for PAC? And I will ask Bill Leseman to respond to that, Bill?Bill Leseman Most specifically, John, we continue to feel very good regarding our leasing efforts. First on the sale of our portfolio, as a result of not only our farm leasing in 2013 with a strong start to 2014 our occupancy for the portfolio overall is above 95% as compared to 94% Q1 of 2013. In the area of our two lease-ups, one in Charlotte and one in Tampa, both started very strong and we believe that, that will continue. John Williams And the last question that has been submitted, I will take myself. Well, the stock price  when you look at our stock price, we have a significantly I think one of the best balance sheets in the industry, very little secured debt. We have great earnings performance and tremendous organic growth and there is no question in my mind that we have the best management team in the multifamily REIT industry, maybe the entire REIT industry. Very professional folks. So I dont like the stock price, not much we can do about it, continue to post weight numbers, but recognizing that we pay an 8% of sincerely tax effective dividend, its a great bargain for those of you smart enough to buy our stock.And with that, I will now ask the operator to open it up for general questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Wilkes Graham, Compass Point. Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  Hi guys, this is Ryan Gilbert along with Wilkes. First question on  can you talk about the rationale behind selling your tropic asset?John Williams Yes, I will actually call on Lenny and John to answer that question. John Isakson Sure, I think its important as John has said before not to fall in love with real estate and evaluated and marketed that property in the second half of 2013, it just became apparent to us that, that market did not have a upside potential and the momentum that were looking for our assets. And so while theres still good value in it, the transaction market is still strong, we felt like it was a great time to dispose.John Williams And as a matter of fact, we will hopefully in the next few days announce a contract and it will still provide significant value to the company. So we believe in harvesting value, probably not generally as rapidly as we are doing. But there is nothing wrong with the kind of company harvesting value when we particularly see an asset that the we don't think will improve at the same rate as the rest of the portfolio. Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  And does  is the 39 un-depreciated value of Trail that you are holding up as held for sale reflect in your opinion a fair value of the asset?John Williams No, when you see the announcements in the closing, you will see that its significantly above depreciated value. Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  So is it fair to say that the proceeds from Trail will be used to fund your remaining unfunded loan commitments and the new mezzanine that you have in your pipeline?Lenny Silverstein Thats a good question. We have also our acquisition opportunities, so we will use the proceeds from that transaction and the best way we believe are most accretive for all of our investors.Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  So just on the mezz programs, youre still scheduled, do you intend to exercise the purchase option similar to  John Williams I will call on Dan DuPree to answer that. But generally probably not, but Dan Dan DuPree Its too early to tell. The good news about our purchase option is that we have a period of time to evaluate the performance of the asset over a period of time. That having been said we are certainly encouraged by the rate and pace of the leasing on those two projects. One of the two projects could very well be the best-performing asset we had in quite some time. So were very bullish on them but we don't have to make that specific decision right this minute.John Williams Right, as Dan has said, we have an asset in Tampa, and I think  how many hundreds of properties I have been involved and it could be fastest winning, the most successful and the best yield of many property, I will have ever [indiscernible] thing to do it. So we are quite excited about it and hopefully those comments on asset so far has done phenomenally well, more attractive than I can ever remember in a property. Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  And in terms of new investments for 2014, can you talk about the mix between new mezzanine loans versus property acquisitions?John Williams Well, I will ask Dan to make some more comments. Generally mezzanine loans portfolio we have and the amount of money we've invested in those portfolios will stay relatively flat, grow over time but very slowly. I think what we want to do this year is to acquire lot of very acquisitive properties and we have a wonderful pipeline that should allow us to do it. Dan, you want to have some comments for that?Dan DuPree No, I think thats exactly right. The long-term relationship between the mezzanine loans and our acquisition projects is going to be reduced. So the mezz loan properties and investments will be an increasingly lower percentage of our total investments. And yet they will stay fairly constant, because there is a limit to how much quality development the people that we have such confidence and develop. Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  And can you talk about like total dollar size, the mezz and new property pipeline that you are looking at in 2014?John Williams I think that we have another three or four, or five properties we are evaluating. Some in Atlanta, but some in other markets actually throughout the country. We have several bridge loans currently in place if you look at our supplemental and we would expect those to convert to mezzanine loans in the next several months. But we are being very  we are watching very close the amount, location and the quality of these developments, these mezzanine loans. So its a wonderful way for the company to make substantial amounts of money, but we dont want to be greedy, we want to make sure we are doing it properly.Operator Our next question is Craig Kucera, Wunderlich Securities.Craig Kucera - Wunderlich Securities I had a question about your guidance range for this first quarter. Is the sort of downside relative to your fourth quarter numbers, is that related to sort of an expectation of the timing of the sale of Trail Creek?John Williams Well, typically if you go back and if you will look at other REITs, one of the things that happens in the first quarter is a reset of all of our reserves for insurance, taxes, etc. So when we go into the fourth quarter we look at substantial additional costs that are projected, even though we haven't seen those bills. And again typically in the first quarter we see higher expenses, snow removal etc. So those would have some effect on our performance but the sale of Trail really hadnt had any effect uptil now. Craig Kucera - Wunderlich Securities When you look at the quarter, the way you have been reporting AFFO, I think this quarter you started reporting some deferred mezzanine income. And I didnt know  was that, is that asset specific or can you give us some color on what's driving that? I think this quarter it was north of $0.5 million.John Williams I will let Mike Cronin speak to that but essentially we dont record the accrued mezzanine loan amounts until such time as they are paid, so there is a difference  on AFFO basis. But Mike, do you want to go through those Mike Cronin Yeah, and to clarify  from the standpoint of GAAP financials, we do accrue for the deferred interest on the loans. However we back those out  when we are doing AFFO calculation till we actually get paid, that actually occurred in the fourth quarter with Summit and that was a large number that you are referring to. Summit, when we bought the property, paid off its interest owed to us on the mezzanine loans. John Williams So the bottom line is  you could find out AFFO number somewhat lumpy compared to our normalized AFFO number. But we still seek to always cover our dividend with our AFFO, thats our  our internal goal is to make sure that our AFFO covers our dividend and make sure that our AFFO payout would be somewhere in the neighbourhood of 75 to 80%.Craig Kucera - Wunderlich Securities This quarter you acquired a retail asset I think and not a very large one but I just wanted to get a sense -- are we looking at Preferred becoming a little bit more of a diversified REIT or was this sort of an opportunistic acquisition?John Williams It was opportunistic, it was an ability to buy something very, very cheap and produce a substantial cash flow is investment, a nice co-leased owned property that we feel very good about. So no, we are not changing in our structure, we do have the ability within our business plan to take 10% of our assets into other than  we will do it from time to time, probably at the retail area if we see a outstanding bargain. Operator Our next question is Steve Manaker, Oppenheimer.Steve Manaker - Oppenheimer Quick question regarding the pricing of portfolios versus the pricing of one-offs, what are you guys seeing as there being differential?John Williams Steve, thank you. For us to grow the way we need to grow, we will be looking at portfolios rather than just one-off but we don't necessarily see much price differentiation  Dan, or John want to comment on that?Dan DuPree I think going forward one of the opportunities that portfolios offer us is that we have a little bit of flexibility in our structure as to how we can go about acquiring them. But I think to date it has been more attractive for us to buy assets on a one-off basis. I mean I can tell you that going forward were going to be looking harder and harder at portfolio acquisitions. But the key to take any of these deals is they have to be accretive and I think right now for us to date one-off acquisitions have been easier to see our way toward an accretive investment. John Isakson And I think there have been more of those opportunities available, there just havent been as many portfolios coming to market that would be attractive to us instead our investment profile. So when they do come along I think its one of the things we look really hard on.John Williams Invariably when we look at the portfolios, there will be three or four assets we definitely want, and would like to have and then there is three or four assets that you couldnt give to us. So its  we love the new portfolios but its been tough to do just like OP units. We always talk about the possibility of doing an OP unit transaction and  but we never end up doing one because its so difficult to do. But we continue to work at it.Steve Manaker - Oppenheimer Are you guys seeing more portfolio  any sense of why you are seeing more portfolios coming to market right now?John Williams No, the truth is I think we are probably seeing less but John, I will let  John Isakson I think we have seen  I think there is a lot more one-off transactions on the market right now and the portfolios that we have seen, there have been a few that were really significant, and that were huge. But there really havent been as many of the 3, 4, 5, 8 assets type portfolios and as John said, we have seen those  the mix of asset quality is such that it hasnt been as attractive to us. John Williams We have a very specific focus in terms of location as Dan mentioned. We want to be in MSAs above 1 million, we want to be in growth markets, markets where we feel as though our value of our assets will continue to enhance and we have very strict requirements for the quality of our assets and there are lot of apartments that would appear to be a, quality apartments but arent a quality apartment. But also inherent problems with parking vicinity and other issues that make it very difficult for us to go in and actually acquire those apartments. The transaction in Columbus was a good example. We would have loved to own that asset but we couldn't just beyond the environmental issues.Operator Our next question is Rick Murray, Midwest Advisors. Rick Murray - Midwest Advisors I had a question that relates to capital allocation and given that your pipeline of opportunities that youre evaluating right now seems probably as big as its been in a bit. Just wanted to get a better understanding and feel for how you think about capital allocation because I agree strongly with your comments about the value of the stock in the portfolio but to issue equity at such a large discounts sort of flies in the face of that and just want to get a better understanding of how you think about your cost of capital relative to the opportunities youre evaluating?John Williams Well, I will call on Lenny to give some color to that comment. But I will tell you  its very uncomfortable for me to want to issue equity at the price as we are issuing today to  but if we can take that common stock equity and we can still have an accretive transaction, we will look at it. I just have to hold my nose and before we sign the transaction, the guys [indiscernible] on the floor, its also very uncomfortable for me. But if its accretive, even then we will probably be willing to sell the common stock. Lenny?Lenny Silverstein Yes, the other thing I would mention is  we had an ongoing sales effort going on with our series A preferred. And series A preferred carries a 6% dividend on that particular sale of stock, it is not listed for trading, although it is transferrable through BTC. So that enhances our ability to raise capital and overall helps to balance out the cost of capital. John Williams Yeah, as Lenny has said, one of the things that I dont think we get it all accretive for is the way we raise capital is different than anybody else in the REIT industry. We have an ongoing effort to sell our series A preferred stock which carries a 6% dividend and we can still go out and do a common share offering, we can do a ATM, there are lot of ways we can raise capital. The driver for us is that it has to be an accretive transaction.Rick Murray - Midwest Advisors Right, I understand that, but I mean, so you have an active program right now with the series A  why not utilize that much more heavily 6% perpetual money versus selling your stock at a 30% discount to NAV?John Williams Youre speaking to the quire [ph] and thats exactly our theory. We would only sell common stock if we didn't have the funds available through our monthly flow of  from the preferred. But our strong preference is to use our preferred for funding our acquisition portfolio. Operator Our next question is a follow up, Wilkes Graham, Compass Point. Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  Hey guys, this is Ryan again. Just a couple of quick follow-ups, do you plan on encumbering Summit II? John Williams As we plan on  I couldnt understand the first part Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  I am sorry, do you plan taking out a mortgage on Summit II?John Williams Yes and I will ask John  in the next few weeks, John?John Isakson When we closed the acquisition in December, we assumed a modified construction loan of $13 million and we intend to refinance that relatively shortly with debt that matches our production program. John Williams That, I think that might happen before the end of the first quarter. No, we dont know for sure. We are working on it, and it will be done shortly.Ryan Gilbert - Compass Point Research  And then on the series A issuance, it looks like volume is slowing down a little bit in the first quarter. Is that just  is that seasonal or do you think that you can hit your 2013 series A issuance volume in 2014?John Isakson We are very confident in our series A offering process and what you are seeing is we actually completed the first initial offering of our series A preferred stock in 12/31 and what you saw the first part of 2014 was the transition to a follow-on offering of the exact thing, security of the series A preferred. So a little down shift that you saw was just the transition from one offering to the next one. But we are very bullish on how we will do for 2014.John Williams Yeah, we should see steadily increased volumes over the year. Operator Having no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John Williams for any closing remarks.John Williams Thanks operator and thanks for all of you joining us. Please reach out to us if you have any further questions or if you like to come and visit us here in Atlanta. We had a great quarter, we are looking forward to a great year. We have as I said the best management team in the business and we are all working hard for you. Thank you again. Operator The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone Third Quarter 2013 Investor Call. Our speakers today are Steven A. Schwarzman, Chairman, CEO and Cofounder; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, Chief Financial Officer; Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, External Relations and Strategies. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Joan Solotar. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thank you very much, Danita. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. As mentioned, I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results. Hopefully, you have that. It's also available on our website and we'll be filing the 10-Q in a few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which, by their nature, are uncertain and outside of the firm's control and actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please refer to the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements, and we will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, and you can find the reconciliations in the press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in the Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So just a quick recap of our results. We reported economic net income, or ENI, of $0.56 per unit for the third quarter. That's up slightly versus the prior year. And a sharp increase in fee-related earnings, driven by continued strong asset growth, offset by lower performance fees. For the year-to-date period, ENI was up 46% to $1.72. Distributable earnings were $313 million, or $0.26 per common unit for the third quarter. That's up 63% from last year and year-to-date, it was $0.88 per common unit, and that's actually up 83% versus the prior year period. That's due to sharply higher realization activity. We'll be paying a distribution of $0.23 per common unit to shareholders of record as of October 28. As always, please feel free to follow up with me or Weston after the call. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Thanks for joining our call and thanks, Joan. In the third quarter, Blackstone continued to deliver investment performance to our limited partner investors across all of our businesses: Private Equity, Real Estate, Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit. And our Advisory business reported, as you may have heard when Tony was on the earlier call, a solid year-over-year increase in revenues and profitability despite several industry headwinds, as our clients look to us for creative solutions to their issues. Producing good returns, which we've done consistently throughout market cycles for 28 years, is the key to our business. This is why our investors are entrusting us with more and more of their capital. In the third quarter, our Private Equity portfolio appreciated 4.2% and achieved a gross return over the last 12 months of 28%, which is really terrific. Our company has continued to perform well, with solid revenue growth and some acceleration in EBITDA growth. Our Real Estate portfolio saw a similarly strong performance, appreciated 5.8% in the quarter and reporting a gross return of 24% over the last 12 months, which is also terrific. We've continued positive operating fundamentals across all sectors of the Real Estate portfolio. Our Hedge Fund Solutions business, BAAM, reported a 2% gross return in the third quarter and 11% in the past 12 months, with significantly less volatility than the stock market. Over time, BAAM has actually outperformed market indices with less volatility which is unusual and that lower risk is theoretically supposed to support only lower returns. In Credit, our mezzanine, rescue, lending and hedge fund strategies, as Tony mentioned, were up 1.5% to 6% gross for the quarter, and for the past 12 months, an astonishing 20% to 35%, depending on the strategy. Hopefully, this performance eases some of the concerns we've heard around the impact of rising rates on our Credit business, which is insulated from almost all the impact of rate rises, given our concentration on floating rate investments. Our investment returns largely reflect our focus in creating value in our underlying portfolio assets, as well as our position to be the solutions provider in the Credit and BAAM businesses. Given the maturity profile of many of our assets and the constructive market environment, we're increasingly taking opportunities to exit investments and realize gains, as I told you for the last quarter. Greater realization activity is driving a shift in our earnings mix towards greater cash generation. And the momentum here is clear and is part of the cycle of our business. Over the last 12 months, total realizations were $26 billion, which was a more than 3x the $8 billion reported for the same period in 2012. That's $26 billion versus $8 billion. In the third quarter, Real Estate completed the sale of most of our EDT Retail portfolio at a multiple of our $350 million investment, for example, of approximately 2x, which is really always a pretty good return, typically. But this 2x profit was after only 1 year investment, and we're talking real estate, not the breakthrough technology. This capital is fully recyclable by BREP VII, our fund that we're currently investing globally, effectively increasing the firm's size. So we can put that money to work again, which is good for our investors both in the Real Estate fund, as well as our unitholders in the public stock. In Private Equity, our largest realization was in the sale of our remaining stake in TRW Automotive at a multiple of invested capital of over 7x. In total, the deal produced a gross IRR of 28% despite the long holding period, which I think was around 10 years. Now at one point in 2009, after the collapse of Lehman and the potential bankruptcy of most of the auto manufacturers, this investment was actually marked at $0.15 on the dollar. Now we just sold it for 7x our money. So when you look at marks generally as an indication of what we'll ultimately earn, that's one way to look at our business. But in fact, our experience over many, many years, many cycles is that the chance for much improved outcomes from some theoretically low marks tends to be what happens in the vast majority of cases and it forces investors to stay invested rather than panic at the bottoms, which is usually what happens with the normal public portfolio. Earlier this month, we closed the sale of our investment in Vanguard to Tenet Healthcare in a multiple invested capital of 2.2x, including prior dividends. Looking forward, the pipeline for realizations is really growing. We have several IPOs on file which collectively represent nearly $20 billion of our current assets under management. We have another $10 billion in AUM that's already currently publicly traded, and we have $25 billion in AUM representing now season's investments made in 2009 or earlier, which are not public, but will exit in some form over the next several years. In our more liquid funds, we have $31 billion, an incentive-fee eligible AUM, which should meaningfully contribute to distributable earnings in the fourth quarter. So we're moving into a cycle now, as we've described to you previously, and as Tony has indicated, with this potential -- nothing's guaranteed obviously, is very high for large amounts of realizations and consequent gains. Importantly, greater realization activity is not indicative of a view that markets have peaked, which is some people always think we're just smart sellers. It's not the case. We're long-term investors, and we're always on both sides of investments, both buying and selling. We invest with a view to improve assets, sort of our "buy it, sell it, fix it" thing in real estate. And once our job is done, we exit the investment and return capital to our investors, leaving behind the company with strong operations, growing cash flows and solid long-term outlooks. For example, we filed to take Hilton public but we'll likely be a substantial shareholder for many years to come. At the same time, we continue to invest in hospitality and we acquired $4 billion in lodging assets in the past year. If we didn't like lodging assets, trust me, we wouldn't be buying them. And we think that Hilton itself, which has shown dramatic improvement along with our type of business plan, is just indicative of the kind of exit that we'll make over time. In the third quarter specifically, we continue to leverage our global scale and size to find attractive investment opportunities and deployed or committed $5 billion in the quarter, primarily in Real Estate, because the cycle is right for that type of business right now. In Private Equity, activity was a bit more muted in the third quarter. We put out over $4 billion each in the past few years in Private Equity. And this year, we've seen a bit of a slowdown in that pace. We continue to see good opportunities in areas like energy and consumer finance and are leveraging the portfolio companies to act as strategic acquirers. For example, during the quarter, Pinnacle Foods acquired Wish-Bone, which actually used to be on our table at home when I was growing up every night with a salad, a leading branded food manufacturer. And that transaction will drive significant synergies and value for Pinnacle and for the investors in our BCP V fund. The question was asked of Tony in terms of sort of a bit of a slowdown in Private Equity, and it really just mirrors the slowdown in the M&A market, which was down about 30% in the latest quarter. And it's tough to fight that trend and we're under no compulsion to reach for things that, frankly, aren't there, but things always come back in our world. In Credit, robust capital markets have required us to be more creative on how we deploy capital recently. Although deal flow remains strong and the pipeline is promising. We invested or committed nearly $500 million in the third quarter, which is pretty active pace. Across our businesses, we remain disciplined in our approach to pricing investments and we're always mindful of the impact of vintage years and the result is better returns for our investors in the long term. And if we do the right thing in the long term, people give us more and more money, we expand in more and more areas and it's a virtuous circle. And we're being rewarded for better returns with more capital from our investors. In the third quarter, we raised $12 billion. This is a lot of money. We're $41 billion over the past 12 months. No one in the alternative area in history has ever done anything like that, and that's excluding acquisitions, but sometimes, people dump in there as if they've raised the money. In fact, over the past few years, we've raised more capital than our 4 closest competitors combined. It's almost really hard to imagine. However, it's important to note that we're not asset aggregators and our growth is, despite capping the size of many of our invested funds, we never raise more money than we feel we can invest in good opportunities and risk-diluting returns. We are completely aligned with our fund investors. In Real Estate, we have 2 major funds currently in the market, our first dedicated pool of capital in Asia and our fourth European fund, to take advantage of what we believe are very attractive opportunities sets in these regions. Our new European fund had a first close of nearly $2 billion in the quarter or EUR 1.4 billion and we're targeting EUR 5 billion for the size of this fund. Our Asian fund had a second close, bringing us to nearly $2 billion there, too. And we're targeting $4 billion for that fund. Both of these fund raises, we expect, should be completed in the first half of next year, which is really a pretty quick fundraising cycle for alternative asset products. In Credit, we continue to see strong inflows into our retail-focused business development companies which raised $1.3 billion in the quarter. We priced 2 new CLOs, 1 in the United States and 1 in Europe, totaling $1.1 billion as that money -- as that market continues to recover. And you will remember that market was dead as a doornail 2, 3 years ago. And our new actively managed exchange traded fund is progressing well with $530 million in capital raised since its commencement 6 years -- 6 months ago, which is really a strong out-of-the-box, out-of-the-gate type of sales rate because what tends to happen in these ETFs is they poke along for a while at a relatively small level and then they get -- they climb their marketplace and then you have a rapid scale up. And I'm sure, our lawyers would say I can't say that, but I can't predict what'll happen in this particular fund. But floating rate, bank debt, leverage loans, we're the largest manager in the world of leverage loans, a scenario that's enormous competitive advantage for us. So I could see this product potentially being very substantial for our GSO group and the firm, particularly as many investors are moving from longer duration assets into floating-rate profit. [indiscernible] describe the growth because its taper starts happening at some point. Most people expect higher interest rates which results in losses if you're not floating products. Our tactical opportunities business raised $700 million during the quarter, have additional closing in October, which, as Tony mentioned, brought the strategy to $4.4 billion in size, which is really good for a startup type of business that doesn't fit any particular vertical silo in the institutional community, it invests across all of those silos, has done really terrifically well and we've raised the type of scale, money that we were looking for in that business. And Strategic Partners, our new secondaries business, which became part of Blackstone in August, is wasting no time and has started raising their sixth fund, which is targeted for at least $3 billion. Lastly, BAAM reported $2.2 billion in net inflows, one of our strongest quarters ever, bringing us to $5 billion year-to-date, including October 1. Our third quarter results include a $1 billion allocation to Fidelity for new mutual fund vehicle which invests in hedge funds but still provides daily liquidity to investors. This is a real breakthrough product because as the world slowly moves, from defying benefits to defying contribution plans. And you move more of your products into the retail market to give retail investors the opportunity to have higher-return type of products, which we typically produce, having sort of cracked the code, have to take some of our products and manufacture them for consumption in the retail market opens a very big potential market for us here at the firm with basically pretty much a unique product. This investment vehicle is a great example of a innovative new product we developed to serve the retail segment. We're increasingly accessing this market segment in 2 ways: developing new investment products geared specifically towards retail investors, as I just said, these 2 products, BAAM's mutual fund and our Credit ETF; and by providing capacity in our drawdown funds, which are traditionally focused on institutional investors to the high net worth channels of the major financial institutions. We interface directly with the most productive financial advisor teams who can have $10 billion or more in client access -- assets. Actually, individual FA teams can be larger than many foundations or endowments. Our experience has shown us that these clients are sticky and that their brand, breadth and track record provide a scale-competitive advantage in distribution. We've raised nearly $7 billion from the retail channel over the past 12 months, up more than 10x from the $600 million a few years ago in 2009. People probably weren't buying too much stuff in 2009 which shows their lack of wisdom because it was a market bottom and people tend not to buy value. But the idea that we've increased 10x shows the products that were really doing a very good job in that market, delivering our capability to a different set of investors, which is a very, very large market for us to address here at Blackstone. In summary, I believe that the firm is really firing on all cylinders today. Long-term secular trends are very favorable and we remain extremely well positioned competitively, with leading businesses across all of the alternative categories, which no one else has replicated. Strong investment performance is driving record levels of capital inflows and supporting continued double-digit AUM growth. Our realization activity is up sharply and we are increasingly harvesting gains built over several years, driving significant growth in cash distributions to our investors. Despite our good stock market performance this year, I forget, we're up something like 75% or whatever, our valuation multiples have barely moved. That's actually unbelievable, that they barely moved as we keep doing better and better. You'd think somebody would get the joke on this one. We continue to trade at a sharp discount to traditional asset managers, probably about, I don't know, Joan, was it 2/3 the valuation? As we grow at multiples of the growth of these other money managers, I actually don't understand this. And what I find when I don't understand something, that means it probably don't make sense. And so we'll see what happens over time, but I think the firm itself is in great shape. And I think we're going to do quite well and we've got great people at the firm and great processes and a unique positioning in our industry. And so I'm very positive on the future for Blackstone. And it's not because I'm on this call and trying to make you feel something that I really don't believe, I really believe this. So I'll turn things over to Laurence Tosi, affectionately LT of the firm.
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay, Steve, thank you. Needless to say, I agree, and that's not just because I work for you. Thank you, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. For Blackstone, the first 9 months of 2013 has brought record revenues, earnings, assets and growth in contrast to the low global growth environment. AUM reached a record $248 billion, a record for any alternative manager, up 21% year-over-year, reflecting the combination of consistently high fund returns and investor demand across all of Blackstone's businesses. This unprecedented demand generated $53 billion of inflows over the last 12 months and eclipsed the more than $26 billion of capital return, largely from realizations over the same period. Similarly, the strong inflows easily outpaced the $15 billion of invested capital over the last 12 months and drove our dry powder, or available capital to invest, up $6 billion to a record $41 billion as of the end of the third quarter. While deal activity in some markets slowed, Blackstone's advantages of breadth and global reach came into play. A full 42% of capital deployed year-to-date was outside of the United States, with 28% concentrated in Europe where we see the nascent recovery as providing unique opportunities for all of our businesses. The unique global mandates of our core funds and consistent investment process allow us the flexibility to find returns for our investors wherever the best risk-adjusted opportunities appear. Total revenues reached $3.9 billion to date -- year-to-date, up 38%, generating $2 billion in earnings for the first 9 months of the year, just shy of last year's full year total. This expansion reflected the growing impact of both value creation and realizations on our operating results. Firm-wide strong fund performance drove $1.9 billion of performance fee revenue year-to-date, up 66%. As Steve pointed out, valuations in Private Equity continue to be very strong, up 17.4% year-to-date, despite the fact that some public holdings were down slightly in the third quarter, which impacted performance fee accruals in BCP VI and Blackstone Energy Partners. Private Equity still, however, generated $229 million in realized performance fees year-to-date, up more than 250% from last year. BCP V has continued to make progress towards its hurdle and the generation of performance fees. BCP V is up 27% over the last 12 months. During which time, the gap to earning performance fees was cut in half to $3.1 billion, representing a 7% change in total enterprise value needed to generate performance fees. Real Estate continued to have strong performance, up 17.9% year-to-date across funds, with operating fundamentals and supply-demand imbalances driving values. Real Estate generated $344 million of realized and of $1.2 billion in total performance fees year-to-date. These results in Private Equity and Real Estate have helped push our net performance fee receivable for the whole firm to a record $2.8 billion or $2.44 per unit. This balance includes another $165 million or $0.15 per unit of incentive fees across our hedge funds that will largely be realized in the fourth quarter if values remain flat or better. Blackstone now has $31 billion across Hedge Fund Solutions, Credit and Real Estate hedge funds earning performance fees, representing nearly 100% of the eligible assets in those funds. The performance fees receivable is up $240 million or 10% versus the prior year despite $768 million of net realized performance fees. This, coupled with an increase in value for our illiquid investments, has driven the firm's balance sheet to $7.4 billion in net value or $6.51 a unit. Importantly, as more assets reach maturity and markets remain favorable, Blackstone has taken advantage of cash realization opportunities, generating $790 million in firm-wide realized performance fees year-to-date, up fourfold from the same period last year. The breadth and depth of those realizations is evidenced by the fact that 143 different transactions across all of Blackstone's businesses generated those fees while returning $19 billion to investors, all multiples of last year's activity year-to-date. Blackstone generated more than $1 billion of distributable cash earnings year-to-date, or $0.88 a unit, up 86% year-over-year, reflecting the continued momentum in realization activity and a solid and growing base of record fee-related earnings. The public markets also played a role in realizations from our current $10 billion of public holdings, as Steve pointed out. The pipeline for these realizations continue to build, with 6 IPOs on file representing a potential additional $20 billion of public equity. While those companies are in the quiet period and we are limited in our ability to comment, here are a few overall points that we hope are helpful in understanding the future impact of these filings. For example, at the end of the third quarter, 31% of Private Equity and only 1% of Real Estate drawdown fund assets were public. If the companies currently on file go public at their current private marks, the percentage of equity value that is public will change dramatically. At that point, Private Equity will be nearly 50% public and Real Estate will be 40% public, again, at the current carrying values for those assets. At that point, in total, the firm will have more than $1 billion of net accrued performance fees, or $0.89 per unit, relating to public companies, split almost evenly between Private Equity and Real Estate. Three years ago, on our third quarter 2010 earnings call, Steve pointed out how the timing and number of realizations will depend on conditions in the public markets, as well as the activity levels of strategic buyers. He emphasized that we are under no pressure to sell assets and that we can be patient investors as we continue to create operating value over time. He made similar comments this morning. That patience is playing out in our results. The sharp increase to $1.2 billion in realized performance fee cash earnings over the last 12 months is a record, exceeding the prior peak for Blackstone of $1 billion in 2007. But this time is different, and more importantly, Blackstone is different. Since 2007, the firm's performance fee paying assets have doubled to $104 billion today. Further, 37% of that 100 -- of the $1.2 billion in realizations come from businesses and strategies that did not even exist in 2007, reflecting the constant innovation that is at the center of our culture of growth. By these measures, our results today are more of a beginning than an end. Putting our LPs first by focusing on our core strengths of careful investing patient capital, building value and always with no rush to exit, that ultimately translates to superior cash returns and continued value creation for our shareholders over an extended period of time. On behalf of everybody at Blackstone, we thank you for joining the call and are more than happy to take your questions.
Joan Solotar: Great. And just to remind everyone, we have a lot of questions in the queue, so if you could limit it to 1 on the first go-round. You can always come back again. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glenn Short [ph] with Financial [ph].
Unknown Analyst: So the credit business is doing very well, and I noticed that CLO issuance is at, like, '05, '06 levels right now. Just curious if you could comment on the structuring of those products relative to the peak? Is it a much cleaner credit? How should we view that as this business continues to grow?
Hamilton Evans James: I'll take that, Glenn. It's Tony. Frankly the structuring is similar, although it varies some now, between Europe and the U.S., because there's some regulatory changes that require more equity to be held in Europe. And the leverage levels aren't as great, and frankly, the cash structures are less complex in terms of the slicing and the dicing. But, fundamentally, it's the same. It's the same business.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I'll only add one thing to that, Glenn, which is if you look at the performance of the GSO CLOs through the downturn, they had to fall to less than 2%, so perform like a AAA bond. So I think that the assumption that there was problems with that product set, we actually think that product set -- not just for GSO actually, but the CLO markets, in general, performed very well during the downturn and you're starting to see some of that come back and some of the demand that we're seeing both here in the U.S. and Europe.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, I appreciate that. Just one other quickie is in the new BAAM fund, the multi-manager fund for retail, can you talk to anything about pricing and where the distribution is most prevalent right now?
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, sure. Right now, this is a Fidelity-only product. We have an exclusive with Fidelity for a period of time, and they are allocating money from accounts that they control into this product. So it's not being offered directly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
William R. Katz: I just want to follow up on the retail. Can you talk a little bit about growth from here? And I guess, the question really comes down to is it other products? Is it other distribution opportunity set? And what might be the timing of some of that growth?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. Yes, I mean the firm has a lot of interesting opportunities in virtually every one of our areas and those things break into geographic diversification of product segmentation. In effect, innovating new products. And those products can be up and down the capital structure. And so every one of our businesses has a strategic plan to significantly grow their business. And so if you can imagine us sort of spreading around the world, going up and down capital structures, inventing new products within each of those categories, over time, if you're looking for a long-term vision, that's what we'll be doing in areas where we think we can generate really, really good risk return. So we won't go certain places, just because it seems logical, because we don't think we can do that well for our limited partners. But the world's a big place and one of the interesting things is that the amount of money being allocated for alternatives keeps going up. Investors are concentrating their relationships in fewer and fewer managers, and the size of these pools of capital, overall, are going up. So we are in a really virtuous circle here. This is like a really good thing for us, all these trends. And we could take you through every one of them, in terms of every one of our areas, but then we'll give away our secret sauce. You'll be happier, but our competitors will be informed, and so I'm not as anxious to help our competitors as I am to help you. So Tony will give you a more informed answer and a more measured answer, but there's a really very big white space, as you would sort of call it, for us to grow our business.
Hamilton Evans James: So let me start just by saying that most institutions today have something like 25% of their assets in alternatives. Most retail investors, even high net worth investors have less than 2%. And the institutions are smart to have the 25%. And anyone who can deliver the returns needs to have that 25%. So I think that shows you -- and there's as much retail money out there as there is institutionally. So that shows you the massive potential that retail has. So, as Steve said, we're tackling across all of our businesses, each business is embedding its products in vehicles that are appropriate to different retail channels. And those vehicles take lots of forms. It could be closed-end funds, it could be BDCs, it could be ETFs, it could be mortgage REITs, it could be mutual funds, and so on and so forth. Not only could be, is on all those instances and others. So you've got multiple products, multiple vehicles to multiple slices of retail, all of which are underrepresented in alternatives. Our original approach has been to focus on distribution in the United States, because it's the biggest market. So, in the United States, we work through other channels that access retail. We don't access retail directly. And we've got growth as the number of systems through which we're working is growing. We're also expanding, from the United States, and now have staff in both Europe and Asia to do this. And so we're also expanding geographically and number of systems. So we have multiple products, multiple vehicles, multiple regions and multiple systems, all of which are growing. And that's the effort to basically take retail investors from where they are, to where, frankly for their own welfare, they need to be. But we've just begun, the potential is huge and we're not near where it could be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: If we look at some of your competitors, heavy realization periods often coincide or precede heavy fund raising periods. But that really hasn't been the case for Blackstone. You've been very active fundraising in your flagship products with an improving but just like okay realization backdrops. I'm just thinking, how do you think about intermediate-term fund raising after you more actively -- and you keep ramping up the harvesting activity?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think that's a little harsh, Howard. But, nonetheless, the advantage we have is that we keep quite close with our limited partners. And what LT was saying, in terms of realizations and so forth, is actually what we mean. You'll end up surprised in seeing what we get for a lot of assets. And if you write some very positive things, in all probability, we won't be surprised. And so what we've learned is that there are certain type of assets that -- I wish I could talk about them, but I've got these legal handcuffs or something. I mean, for example, we just had a meeting yesterday, on one of our companies, where given the plans they've got, this particular company which could have just been sort of like a double, be 3.5x to 4x your money, with a realistic case. So we've got a lot of stuff that's cooking, and there's no reason to prematurely do something. Now, fortunately for us our limited partners understand the nature of the portfolio and what's happening with all the companies. We're very transparent, we've got great reporting systems and we're going to be supportive in a very large way. I mean there's nobody in the world, I guess, almost -- because we're in so many different businesses, so it's tough to compare, to make one global statement. But we're not having any difficulty despite what you pointed out. So, for example, I mean if we're expanding at a rate that's 4x, it's more than the amount of money raised by our next 4 competitors combined -- than maybe I misunderstand your question -- the marketplace doesn't seem to think we're at much of a disadvantage.
Howard Chen: Actually I didn't mean it to be harsh, Steve. Maybe I can take another crack at it. I just spent -- sometimes...
Joan Solotar: Howard, you just meant that we were in an extended period of fund raising and the realizations have begun. We will be entering a period of realizations, and so how does that play through? I think the one thing that investors -- when I think about what they've missed the most or what analysts have missed the most is what LT talked to, that a lot of the assets that we've raised have not been because we're raising larger funds in the same product. It's because there's been a ton of product creation and new fund creation. So it's hard to think about, yes, you're realizing a particular fund. Is it going to be immediately replaced? We do think we're going to continue to have asset growth, and a large part of our asset growth is coming from contiguous products.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: The other thing, too, to remember is -- I think the inference I drew from the question a bit was people don't need a state of dispositions to help the fundraise. Actually, we don't do that. I think a lot -- I don't really think a lot of our competitors do either. I think there's a natural life cycle to these investments. We tend to hold our investments an average of about 4 years. You've got a 5-year investment period. So by the time you finish the investment period, the fund are ready to go raise a new one, naturally, those investments have matured and start being exited. So there is a certain concurrence of timing, but it's less driven by the fundraising imperative, at least for an established manager like us, than it is by just the natural life cycle of investment. For first-time managers or young managers that don't have an established track record, investors do like to see realizations and do like to -- it's validation for the values and the value that has been created.
Howard Chen: Great. Yes, I didn't mean it to be harsh. It was more, could we actually see an even further acceleration in fund raising as you get a little deeper into the realization cycle for you all? But I think Tony just answered that.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: One final thing on that, Howard. Not to spend too much time on it. If I overreacted, I apologize. I was at a terrific conference at -- a small conference that the Hamilton Lane people put on -- they're the leading consultants, this just happens to be a Private Equity vertical -- and 53% of the institutions there say that they were going to be increasing their percentage of allocation to -- in that case, it's Private Equity. Only 10% were going to be reducing their allocations and the other would keep their percentage the same. Now, when the stock market goes up, like 15% to 20% in a year and we'll see where it settles out, and 53% of the major institutions -- because they have the largest market share, I believe, in that business -- are increasing their allocations. The other one is going up anyhow because it's indexed to the size of the fund. So you have 90% marching up and they are concentrating big time. A lot of these pools of capital are eliminating 20%, 25% of their managers. And so as the dollars keep -- or whatever, the euros or whatever, keep going up in the sector and they keep reducing other people, we're -- as long as we have good performance, which is the key to our business, we'll do very, very well in that kind of a situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill.
Michael S. Kim: Just wanted to follow up on fundraising. So, more broadly, just wondering if you're seeing any meaningful change in demand trends more recently. So I know you're not in the market raising a dedicated private equity fund, but it does sound like demand is picking up in that part of the industry. So, just curious if you sensed maybe greater appetites from LPs as you look across the strategies that you are currently out in the market with right now and how you might be sort of thinking about capitalizing on that down the road?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: What I'd say on this, and Tony could ring me in or John Finley, our counsel, will definitely ring me in. But we're seeing, really, a sort of very powerful demand on the real estate side. There are very few real estate managers that made it through the cycle. And with real estate turning and values going up significantly, certainly in the U.S. and a lot of availability in product in Europe and Asia, that people are looking for ways to play that. And so we're a very well-positioned, fortunate, and in some cases, almost unique player in that market niche. In private equity, large funds, which were sort of more or less in the doghouse right after the Lehman collapse, for reasons where people incorrectly got it wrong as to what the performance would be, that trend is really changing. And in fact, at that the same conference, where large funds were viewed quite negatively -- and they do these surveys among the people sitting around the room, large funds were now equal in popularity with midsized funds. And that's a huge change in sentiment, which is basically good for our firm. On the credit side, there's a desire to continue for more return in what still remains a very low-return world. I don't know where short-term treasuries are today. They got up to like 35 basis points. I'm sure they're down, LT, to what? Do you have any idea?
Laurence A. Tosi: I don't.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: So if you've got cash money sort of yielding you 20 basis points or 15 basis points or something like that, and we have floating-rate products throughout the firm that can get you sort of 6, 7, 8 -- it's not complicated math, it's a lot higher. We tend to have almost no defaults throughout our credit system and on our higher TWR products, whether it's a little lower today because there's some pressure, but the relative value is so far over the required actuarial returns that institutions are looking for, that we're getting very large flows there. And our BAAM products are doing similarly well. I think we pointed out that was one of the best quarters in our history. And people are looking at ways to play different things in the liquid world and we're inventing new products that work there. And we get very, very strong responses whenever we come out with something new because people have had very good historic success with this. And the simple matter is that the alternative businesses, over almost every measure in the period -- maybe one exception or whatever -- have yielded 1,000, 1,500 basis points in our world, more than other normal stuff. And so it's so compelling that those flows continue to remain strong. I've tried to give you an idea of where they've changed, but they've changed pretty much in a positive direction for us.
Hamilton Evans James: So, Michael, let me chime in on that. On Private Equity, which -- kind of the focus of your question. I don't think we're going to accelerate fund raising to take advantage of market conditions. We're kind of driven by the investment cycle of our fund, not by market conditions. For better or for worse. And so the big fund, BCP VI, is relatively uninvested. We probably have 2/3 of the money still to be invested. So that'll be a few years off and there's no rush on that. We do, in Private Equity though, because the segment includes more than private equity, it also includes our new Strategic Partners acquisition and includes Tactical Opportunities. And within Core Private Equity, as we call it, we have the energy fund. Tactical Opportunities is just finishing its fundraising, so that'll go a little quieter. Strategic Partners is just starting its fundraising, so that will pick up. And we expect to be raising another energy fund in the coming year. So that will be a little pickup there. So I don't know if that addresses your question but that's the picture.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelly with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley: So I wanted to come back to what LT said on the percent public and the amount that it could be pro forma for some of the deals that you have in the pipeline. So if I'm doing the math correctly, the 50% in Private Equity and 40% in Real Estate pro forma would be another $19 billion in publics?
Unknown Executive: That's right.
Matthew Kelley: Okay, so I want to make sure I understood that. And then in terms of -- is there any -- I think you gave the detail of kind of the whole portfolio level. I assume there's nothing more you can give in terms of specific funds, which is fine, but I just wanted to see if there's anything within this that we should be thinking about different versus your historical guidance that typical public versus private investments are a 25% to 30% valuation difference initially.
Laurence A. Tosi: I was thinking about that. I think the bulk number that we gave you -- first of all, your math is exactly right, on the $19 billion, which is the total equity value of it, and I gave you that there would be $1 billion of net performance fees at that point split between the two. It is true, over time, that there has been, when we go from private marks to public marks, we tend to be conservative in our private marks simply because there's certain elements you can't take into factor, like control premiums, et cetera, and thus we also have a conservative posture, just with the way we look at the values of assets. We look at them on a long-term basis. But, other than that, I can't comment. Let's wait and see how it plays out. But your assumption that our recent history, and for our long history, there our public marks at the time we go public, relative to our private marks, there tends to be a premium and it could be substantial.
Matthew Kelley: Okay, great. And then my follow-up is on Strategic Partners and the color there was very helpful, so thank you for that, Tony. I was wondering if you can give us the kind of tenure or when the $6 billion net is unrealized was kind of invested, so we can think about kind of the harvesting stage on that and when you expect the fundraising process. I know you said, at the very beginning, of a $3 billion fund or they are, but how long that typically could take them as well.
Hamilton Evans James: Okay, okay. Well, they tend to be. So for the audience that's not familiar with Strategic Partners, what they do is they buy secondary limited partnership interest, so existing limited partnership interest, and typically in funds that are about 80% invested. The beauty of that business is that you, therefore, know what you're buying and it takes the tails away from the distribution of outcomes. So because the investments are seasoned, you know exactly what value you can analyze. You don't have -- that eliminates the downside because you're not going to pay for something that doesn't have any value, but it also eliminates the upside because you will pay the price for the value that's reflected in there. So they have a very narrow dispersion returns, i.e. lower risk. And at the same time, because they're buying funds that are invested, the life cycle of the funds are shorter. So, basically, from the time we put money out, they start getting distributions the very next quarter. So it's almost bond-like in the sense that it's predictable and you put money out and you start getting return and so our realization is back right away. It doesn't have the same sort of feel that real estate or private equity does, where you put money out, there's a hiatus period, then there's a lot that comes in. The other thing is, when they buy, they don't buy one fund, they typically buy collections of funds or portfolios of multiple funds. So, again, in a real estate or a private equity fund, the fund might make -- we get the money, we invest it, we might have 20 to 30 names in it. They put money out, they might buy a portfolio of funds from a bank that's got 20 or 30 different funds, each with 20 or 30 different names. So there's 600 to 900 underlying portfolio companies. So, again, what that says is there's always something being realized out of these things. So it's a much smoother, more bond-like if you will. A realization, a pattern. And I don't want to -- when I say bond-like, I don't want you to conclude that the returns are bond-like, because the returns are 20% gross, just like any other private equity, and 17%, high-teens net, historically. But just to make sure, because it's the first time that we've had Strategic Partners part of our business mix, for all of the people on the phone, so they understated different rhythms and the feel of that business, so the direct answer to your question, the $6 billion is always been realized every quarter and it's coming in smoothly. And I think you should almost think of it as a yield instrument than this sort of lag then tidal wave of realizations.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes. But the difference is that the yields it has had, historically, sort of ranged, I guess, close to the bottom, historically, somewhere in the really bad market, like 12%, 13%, and a really good market, up 20%. So this kind of bond...
Hamilton Evans James: That's what I said, it was 17%. 17% net is what they've averaged. But by the way -- and this is important -- when we bought those old funds, we did not buy the carry on the old funds. That still is owned by Credit Suisse. So you'll only see the carry on these funds from the new money they're putting out of new funds, and they're still just about the end of their old funds and they'll start investing in the new funds sort of around the first of this coming year. So it'll take a while -- and so you'll start to see carries come in next year but it'll be small and then they'll gradually grow.
Laurence A. Tosi: We do a lot of legacy management fee on all of the legacy funds, so when you're looking at the fee structure, it's a 1 in 12 structure and you should look at the fee-paying capital for the indication of where the management fees are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: I guess, I want to see how you guys would characterize the realization opportunity beyond the public markets, in the filings you have out there. Obviously, M&A has been down. But, historically, you've highlighted sovereign wealth funds as being a potential buyer of real estate. Just wanted to get an update on that opportunity.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: What I'd say is that the sovereigns are starting -- and which ones -- to look at real estate as a more active class. I guess, the Norway fund, which is the biggest in the world, which has just been in common stocks, is sort of like a mutual fund with certain exclusions for like defense of industries or whatever. They said they're going to start going in and buying real estate. And we're seeing that from -- some of those funds have done that, historically, but we are seeing more interest from those groups in terms of buying real estate, which when we bought it, for example, was an opportunity real estate product, something needed to be done, stabilized, released, fixed and they're buying it as core, because we did that conversion. That's one of the potential logical places to exit.
Hamilton Evans James: I mean, sovereign wealth funds have been long-standing owners of massive amounts of real estate, and we don't see that changing.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry: So just in terms of going back to the economics of building out of a bigger retail presence for the firm. If you think about the fee-related earnings and the margin associated with the fee-related earnings, are we likely to see incremental spending from here or did you already make a lot of the investments in terms of people and sort of maybe absorbing some upfront cost as you look sort of ahead, that you're maybe going to leverage some of those costs that are already sort of embedded in the P&L?
Laurence A. Tosi: I don't think -- we're constantly making future investments to try to build a great firm and try new products, and the reason you see the statistics you have, about how much of our assets are from products that didn't exist 5 years ago, is because of that investment spending. Similarly, on the retail, we've done a lot of investment spend for 3 years. However, just like every financial institution out there, it's a constant struggle here to keep our costs from eating up the revenue growth, and I don't think we see any significant margin shifts coming that you need to worry about.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: What I'd say on this one is we made this decision, about 3 years ago -- LT, was down about, right? -- and we decided how much money we were prepared to lose or -- you'd call it investment spending, however you like it, and we made that decision at that point. We didn't tell you because we were doing something that we thought other competitors were not doing and we didn't want to announce what we were doing. So we've got a reasonably decent-sized number of people working this problem -- and not a problem, it's an opportunity. And I don't foresee, in a sense that you answered the question in a very limited way, that we're going to have a big add-on to cost. I don't think we will, because we've been doing this for years. You just haven't seen it.
Joan Solotar: I would also say some of the products are not yet at scale. So, interestingly, when you think about the ETF or the product that we have currently with Fidelity, et cetera, those all had embedded start-up costs over the last couple of years and we're just starting the fundraising of those now. And when you look at -- LT can run through the margins of the overall firm, but they remain quite healthy.
Laurence A. Tosi: I guess, Marc, I think Tony put it best, which is that we're always investing in something. Or as Joan pointed, there's always some business that is paced for its being maturity. We actually used a few at our earnings number. It's hyper-conservative. It's almost self-inflicted conservatism because we're the only ones that actually put all of our expenses in it. But when we look at it over time, it's in and around. This quarter, it's at 30%. I looked at your report this morning, Marc, and we had a slightly different number. And we should probably talk about that offline. You got 28% for that, the actual one was 30% for the quarter. That's up year-over-year. The one thing that tends to be inconsistent in that number is the actual marketing expenses associated with closing, so we try to break that out. Just to give you an idea of how vigilant I think we are on both -- on cost, one, so we can create capacity to invest. Our other operating or non-comp expenses are up 2% year-over-year. And that's -- we try to do that as a small fraction of growth rate -- of the growth rate of our overall fee-related revenues. But really, fee earnings is really just an internal measure that we use to just make sure that we're being disciplined about the kind of investments. So I wouldn't say that there's anything on the horizon we think that will dilute that, and we think that the margins will be consistent with their recent history.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: So just on the realization side, the pipeline was helpful. I think -- when I think about -- particularly on the Real Estate side of the business, once we get past those investments, just any granularity on the mix in the portfolio in terms of companies versus, say, property? Current returns versus target? And then the different exit strategies that you'll be looking at over the next couple of years in that division?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think that's a tough one because we have a, really, a huge portfolio in Real Estate. And we look at exits with the realizations in that world as a function of the fix-up cycle, the buy it, fix it, sell it cycle. And the great thing about real estate, unlike people who were raised in the corporate world, is that real estate gives you an enormous number of exit opportunities. So for example, if you bought a company and you fixed up a lot of their properties, and for whatever the reason, either the investment's too big or nobody wants to strategically expand in real estate, you can cut that company up into discrete-sized things called buildings. And unless you're in a capital credit crunch, the opportunity for people to buy buildings in an environment where they think the values are going up is, like, huge. And so what we do is we size our exits and our type of exits based on an assessment -- I'm just talking in the real estate business, as to whether, if you bought a real estate company, whether you keep it together, whether you take it apart, whether you sell 1 property, whether you sell a city or a regional area, that fits someone else perfectly. And it's one of the wonderful things about that business. Other than a complete lock-up in the credit business -- credit area in the country which comes from, typically, some kind of huge, well-known problem, there's always somebody who wants to buy this stuff. We just decide which is the best way for us, at the right timing, to exit. So I think, Tony mentioned that we're both buyers and sellers at some of the same times. And we can see ways, once we fix the properties, to feed the market because the market are net buyers in this.
Hamilton Evans James: So Mike, let me just -- I would say, and then it's -- there's no guarantee on this, but the returns look like they'll be above our targets. It's been a great cycle. I think our guys are fantastic at putting money to work at the right time. And I think -- and they've done very well. And the properties are appreciating their value, the vacancies are down, the NOI is up, the rents are up. So I think it'll -- they'll be -- this will be a very good advantage relative to long-term targets or what's out there. In terms of businesses versus properties, you'll see lots of both. If it's a hotel chain, it's going to be a business. If it's a collection of offices, it probably is more have to be part, either individual properties or properties lumped regionally or locally or by type. So you'll see both. Not necessarily individual properties because they might be group property sales. And so you'll see the full panoply of things happening, bottom line.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: It's actually a lot of fun, that part of the business, because there's so many different ways to do things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: Since we live in a kind of in a -- I guess, in an environment globally where it seems like regulators kind of have a field day trying to go after different successful financial firms, just kind of curious, where do you see anything on the regulatory front where that could upset some of your plans, whether it's investment opportunities or new business opportunities? Maybe I'm thinking specifically of some increased noise out of the EU lately about taking a closer look at shadow banking activities, things like that. So I'm just curious where you see any potential headwinds that are going to be placed in your path from just the regulatory environment we live in.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, I think that's a really informed, very insightful question. There is clearly, generally, a real ramp up in the regulatory focus, just starting with the U.S. Whether it's -- and you can read this stuff in the newspaper. It's like the FCPA stuff. It's the announcement that the SEC made that they're going to have much more robust enforcement proceedings, and everyone who's in the financial business is potentially subject to. That's just 2 random factors, but there is a longer list of those, and what one would not want to run afoul of any of that stuff just because it becomes very -- time-intensive, expensive and it's clear that the government has accelerated their focus in a whole variety of areas from different regulators, and you've seen that with some of the financial companies that have been on the receiving end of that. Now most of those companies are depositories and they take money from the public. In some cases, regulators are worried about mismatches between firms that have longer-term assets in like a deposit base or some other base where the money can be taken out and you can't do that, and that introduces a variety of things. Our business is really constructed much differently. We don't take deposits. We don't have access to the Fed. We're really independent, in that case, and don't rely on government support, and we manage ourselves very, very carefully. We have a very rigorous compliance infrastructure at the firm in each of our businesses, with shepherds between different groups of what you can say, what you can't say. And we have a very heightened approach to these issues, knowing in effect, that the government is abnormally focused on them as well. And our job is to just run our business in a normal way without reliance on anybody or violating anything. And so those concerns are directed to everyone, almost, in the financial community, with increased reporting from hedge funds that used to have none, that now, have some. And it's the world of modern finance that -- can't read that, sorry. So I think that it is a different world. What it's done for us, besides make sure we have very robust systems, is it's created very substantial opportunities for the firm. Because as the regulatory environment is directed at some of these large depositories, and that's around the world. That is not just a U.S. issue. They can't stay in certain businesses. They have to offload certain assets. It gives us opportunities to not just buy those assets of businesses, but it increases our ability to recruit people because some of those other environments have been created in a really sort of a much changed environment and a harsher one for other companies around the world. And so we, in response to this, one of the things we always look at is -- where do expand in any particular area, what's the regulatory impact of that? Because we, just sensibly, don't want to be involved with businesses that trigger the kind of regulatory approaches that affect some of the other companies. And so the question is a terrific one because we think about it all the time. Because if you don't, you're not being a responsible fiduciary for your public shareholders, for your limited partners, and you have to run a squeaky-clean, transparent, open business, and make sure all of the people at your firm understand that and have procedures in place to make sure that you don't have the sort of independent actors. And that's part of our job to do that and we spent a lot of time doing that.
Hamilton Evans James: Let me just summarize this thing. We're not complacent about this. But so far, it's been much more a source of opportunity than problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
M. Patrick Davitt: Tony, your comments on the Invitation Homes, on the media call, I thought, were incredibly confident just in terms of how successful you could be with that. Which, when I talk to investors, it tends to be a lot of skepticism about that because of the experience of your competitors. Can you help us better understand, given the size of the investment, what you guys are doing so much different than those guys that have been struggling, and why you're so confident that it would be successful.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes. I'll take that for a moment and then they can rein me in. Tony will give you a better answer. But basically, we started buying properties when the markets were down, individual markets between 35% or 40%. What we tried to do was not buy assets all over the country in some kind of scattershot way. What we tried to do was limit our purchases to certain markets where we thought that the recovery would be quite good. And we took a strategy of wanting to be as patient as possible for what will be a very long cycle of investment. And so we sort of got some of it wrong that the recovery in price was much stronger than we thought. But our theory is that we didn't want to buy and flip anything, we wanted to take advantage of the fact that for a 5-year period, the number of houses that was built was like half of what was needed. So there's a structural shortage of houses. And we thought that given the lack of mortgage money available because of the GSEs and the structure of the industry and all these suits that keep going on, that there's a interim period where there's a real shortage of money that can help that recovery, and if we could buy those homes and fix them up because nobody wants just sort of a used home that's been a foreclosed. And so we had to build a company across, I guess, it's like 14 cities or regions, and rent those houses to people who need shelter, and that we were doing a good thing for them, providing housing, which often is in sort of good school districts. And that as the cycle recovers, ultimately, there'll be some exit from that investment, which can be done in a variety of different ways. That housing last year was up nationwide. I guess it got a Nobel Prize for Bob Shiller, he's a very nice guy, even though he and the other guys who got a Nobel prize disagreed on the fundamental tenet of sort of markets. But the average house is up somewhere around 11%, 12%. And our markets did appreciably better, so we're better at picking them. And so we saw that as an opportunity for, really, quite a good play. Because if you look at the country, say, that housing was down somewhere between 35% and 40%, you're up 11%, that's like up 4%. So that leaves you down 31%. So this is not going to be something that just sort of stalls out, ends, and so forth, because the difference between the value of an old house and the value of a new one is now about 35%. It's usually somewhere around 15%. So these existing houses has to go up more over time because there's shortage before you can really have the building cycle be as robust as it will end up being and going back to historic levels. So there's a real dislocation, and we think that this is a very sensible, long-term way to develop our business. We're the first people who actually could borrow money against these because people said, "What's going on here? What is this?". And now, we rent the houses very quickly, almost all of them were done within 30 days, something like that. And so this is like a good thing. So the idea that some other people haven't approached this in the way we have, don't have access to capital the way we do, are not used to building a business, like we do it in Private Equity, across multiple cities. So there's real startup issues here that some people might not have executed on as well as we do. I'm not trying to give you my whole life story with this answer, but it's a big thing. We had $7 billion but that's not at equity. And by the way, we bought these houses almost always onesies. We're not like buying big package ads like -- there's like 40,000 individual -- do you know how hard it is for you to buy a house? I mean, you got to negotiate with somebody in all kinds of stuff. You got the title -- we did it for 40,000 houses. It's like really something. And so what we think we have is a very unique situation. And if the cycle works the way we think, this should be a good thing for everybody involved.
Hamilton Evans James: So Patrick, let me put a little more color on that.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: As if it didn't have enough color.
Hamilton Evans James: First of all, we have the first-mover advantage. We got in first. We got in with real operating scale. We're capturing the right markets first that have moved up the most, we're actually out of those markets now. Other people are still trying to push in to those markets at much higher prices. So big, big advantage to first move -- big, first-mover advantage in this market. Secondly, we're by far, the largest. This is a business with economies of scale. One of the problems the other guys have, as they got a little bit of money to get started, they got started, but they didn't have enough capital to get to profitable scale. So they needed more access to equity capital to get to profits. And, of course, business models around that, if your access to capital dries up, your business model falls apart. We don't have that problem. We're into significantly profitable scale even without the access to debt capital, as Steve mentioned. And again, we've pioneered in that, so we were able to securitize these things and get access to very attractive debt financing that no one else can, both because they haven't done it and because they don't have the scale. We -- Steve mentioned that the lease up quickly 95% of our homes. 95% are rented in 60 days. We almost can't keep them on the shelf long enough. And so there is no issue of piling up like unrented homes or anything else. These are cash-flowing assets. And so I think when you look at a lot of those things, we feel really, really good about this investment and we feel good about the fact that it's got more to run because, as Steve mentioned, it still cost a lot more to build a home than what we're paying for on one of those homes. And so we have that price umbrella that comes from that. And we have many -- we have multiple ways we could get out of these business -- this business or these assets if we want to, ranging from operating -- from 1 operating company approach, like an IPO or a REIT, all the way to selling individual homes. And while it's a lot of homes, it's a very small percentage of the homes that are sold each year in the markets in which we're in, so we could easily sell them one at a time and everything in between. So yes, I feel very confident about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Co.
Christoph M. Kotowski: I wanted to go back to LT's comments on the IPOs, on the 31% and 50% and 1% and 40%, and leading to an incremental $1 billion of net performance fees. And just by my math -- and I'm not exactly sure, I'm trying to reverse-engineer, but it just seems to me that, that must still assume that even with those IPOs, BCP V does not cross into carry. Is that right?
Laurence A. Tosi: That's right, Chris. And let me just make clear. So the number I gave you, the $1 billion, which is the net performance fees associated with the IPOs that are in the pipeline, as well as the ones that are already public, so the total net will be public is $1 billion. That's at today's marks for the private assets, okay? So at today's mark, BCP V, as I said before, is not in carry, therefore, there is no accrual for the BCP V portion of those assets. Now there is a BCP IV asset that is in -- as part of the next -- part of the IPO pipeline, but primarily, as part of it, the Hilton portion that is in BCP V, would be the portion that would not be accruing performance fees at this point at the private marks at the end of the third quarter.
Joan Solotar: Right. LT was not giving you like a projected if we priced in the middle of the range...
Laurence A. Tosi: No, it's all priced as of September 30.
Joan Solotar: This is as of the current mark, so you can see where BCP V is.
Christoph M. Kotowski: Okay, so -- and that -- it going -- well, at the marks, that does not -- it does not close the $3.2 billion gap. Is there a way for us to calculate, or can you tell us if these IPOs did price at the middle of the range that, how much of that $3.2 billion gap would be closed?
Laurence A. Tosi: No, because some of our file has no range, so it's not doable right now. We can't be obviously doing that given it's in registration. So what I can do is give you the accrual as of the third quarter mark, which as I said, it was BCP V. We went through, in great detail, your recent analysis of the whole thing. And I wish we could give you more data, we thought, by giving you the performance fee number, that would be helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bulent Ozcan with Royal Bank of Canada.
Bulent S. Ozcan: Just a quick question on the discussions that you had regarding valuation of alternate asset managers versus the traditional asset managers. Could you speak about your strategy in respect to maybe acquiring long-term assets on to narrow this gap, essentially improving the fee-related earnings, and doing that maybe on a boutique strategy basis, where you don't really dilute the effective management fees overall?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. Well, I'm not totally sure I got the question, but we're focusing on -- first of all, we're not -- we have no intention to buy the traditional long-only asset managers. We do what we do. We do that well. And we don't think all asset managing businesses are created equal or require the same skill set. So don't expect to see us go acquire a bunch of traditional asset managers. In terms of rolling up a bunch of small boutique alternative managers, we don't see doing that either. We don't like going in a lot of little popcorn stands around. You get a lot of mediocrity, frankly, and you get a lot of management headaches, and you get a lot of overlapping conflicts. We concentrate on doing a few things really, really well. Being best-in-class at them, and having each of them get to scale, where we have the benefits of industry leadership, which are many in the alternative business. Maybe in some other asset management businesses' scale is the enemy of returns, that's not the case in alternatives. So we want to concentrate on being the best. And by being the best, the highest performance fees, we get to be the leader in terms of scale. And so you'll see our acquisition strategy driven by fill in some of the product areas which our customers want, where we don't now offer a really high quality product, but it's a selective fill-in strategy. And by the way, the acquisition's never done for financial engineering reasons. That is to say, maybe we can multiple arbitrage or maybe we can just diversify for the sake of diversification. We need acquisitions that we bring significant synergies to, or the acquired company brings significant synergies to some of our other businesses. And so we're really very rigorous about that, and I think you've seen the massive value that's been created from something like a GSO. When we bought it, it was $7 billion of AUM. It's up to $65 billion now. And we could go on and on, but all of our acquisitions have been significantly accretive to shareholder value. And we're going to be very disciplined about that.
Bulent S. Ozcan: Okay. So offering a traditional mutual fund will not be part of your retail strategy?[indiscernible]
Hamilton Evans James: No.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of David Chiaverini with BMO Capital Markets.
David J. Chiaverini: I'm curious to get your thoughts on how mature you think this investment cycle is, with the backdrop of moderate revenue and EBITDA growth in the portfolio, contrasted with the very strong returns the funds are delivering. So how sustainable are these returns, given the multiple expansion has already occurred in recent periods?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I'd say, at the moment, we've had, certainly in the U.S., a subpar economic recovery. We appear to be doing our best, politically, to extend that. That will not last forever. And Asia has been slowing down, and Europe's improvement is, in the aggregate, leaves them pretty much flat. So we're doing what we're doing in the face of adverse overall global GDP growth situation. I think you have to look at this, and when you asked the question of how do we keep this game going; one, you can do it with individual investments. But ultimately, you sort of -- almost all businesses are -- whether it's ours or other operating businesses, the real world makes a difference. And so a part of this is a bet on the global economy. And look, Europe is in the sort of can't get much worse category. The U.S. has real upside. We're just getting in our own way. And if you look at our energy area, where we are with auto's strength, housing recovery, technological innovation, rule of law, we got so much going for us in the United States. It's really sort of amazing that we had sort of knocked ourselves down a bit. And Asia, I think, has also sort of come down to a point where I don't see much more decline. This is just my own personal view. And there'll be new governments in a variety of countries, which will bring, what I think, may be better growth prospects in certain of the major markets. Our portfolio is outperforming -- this is just in the Private Equity area, is outperforming on revenues and EBITDA growth compared to most companies. And if you give us a little better world, it gets amplified through our returns and goes down through the monies that make it to the public shareholders. So the way we do it is we find new areas, but we also have to be mindful of the benefits of giant market turns. And I think we may have some benefits there when looked at over the intermediate term.
Joan Solotar: Great. I think that's wraps the call. Thanks, everyone, for sticking with us. And hopefully, we answered your questions. But again, if you have follow-ups, just give us a call after. Thanks, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone second quarter 2013 investor call. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, External Relations & Strategy. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Good morning and happy summer, and welcome to our second quarter 2013 conference call. I'm joined today by Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO, who is calling in from Europe; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, CFO; and Weston Tucker, Head of Investor Relations. Earlier this morning we issued a press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results, hopefully you have that and it's also available on our website. And we will then file the 10-Q in a few weeks. So I would like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. And we don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call and for reconciliations for those refer to the press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on the call constitutes an offer to sell or solicit as an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds. This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported economic net income, or ENI, of $0.62 for the second quarter, that's up sharply from $0.19 in the second quarter of last year, mostly driven by higher management fees and higher performance fees in every one of our businesses. Distributable earnings were also up $0.28 for the second quarter, that's 73% increase from last year's second quarter. And for the year-to-date period, distributable earnings were $0.62 per unit, which was nearly double the prior year period. As always, if you have any questions on anything in the earnings materials, please call me or Weston after the call. And because we do have a lot of folks dialed in, if you could limit your initial questions to one or two and then just get back in the queue. Thanks. And now I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Steve Schwarzman: Thanks, Joan, and thanks for joining our call. Investors across almost all asset classes, but even they've been concerned about the prospect of rising interest rates that we can talk from the earlier call that Tony was handling. It appears that markets persistently overreacted initially to the Fed's indication on when and how it march for tapering its bond purchase program. Stock markets in the US which initially declined up to 8% have now recovered in only three weeks, regained record levels. Interest rates have started to decline close to market peak as investors recognized that the federal act was prudence not just cycle the economic recovery. Higher rates, as Tony mentioned, are not per se negative for Blackstone as investors may have initially believed. Historically, we performed well in periods of rising rates and we are well sufficient today given our mix of businesses and investments. When rates rise in tandem with better economic activity, the result is higher cash flows for most of our private equity and real estate assets and higher returns for hedge fund solutions businesses. Our credit operations benefit because they tend to invest in floating rate, not fixed rate assets and they obtain higher yields on their mezzanine and rescue lending assets. To share an example with you with some numbers. In real estate, we look back in periods of rising rates, during the past 20 years the impact on values. Each of these periods, plus the following year, commercial real estate values rose between 4% and 15% on an annualized basis in both the private and public markets. Should I quest you as Tony, in the past 20 years in each of these periods where interest rates going up on commercial real estate, plus the following year, commercial real estate values rose between 4% and 15% on an annualized basis in both the private and public markets. Going back further, but this time on the residential side, interest rates rose in 26 of the past 50 years and in every single one of those years, when interest rate grows, home prices actually increased. So the premise of investors and their concerns on the real estate side are basically belied by the facts. Our business returns benefit from strengthening economic activities. And today we see pockets of significant strength in the US economy including housing, auto, energy and technology. This is offset to some degree by pressure on consumers as well as the continuing federal government dysfunction is reducing the confidence generally. In our own private equity portfolio strengths are improving as Tony mentioned, with year-on-year revenue growth of 5% and EBITDA of 8% both in the second quarter, 8% increase in EBITDA in a quarter is a good thing. This helps drive continued depreciation of our portfolio of 5.4% for the quarter and 29% over the last 12 months or nearly $8 billion in total equity value appreciation. Make sure you understand that, 29% increase in our private equity portfolio in a year. Our real estate business has achieved similarly strong performance so far this year. With our opportunistic fund depreciating 5.7% for the quarter in line with the private equity is doing basically and 19% over the past 12 months. This is helped by sustained strong cash flow in Hilton, our largest investment which grew 17% EBITDA in the first half of 2013 and now has over 4,000 hotels globally, 17% growth in the first half is really fantastic. Our hedge fund solutions business or BAAM have some positive return of 2% in the quarter is up over 13% for the past 12 months. This performance is double the age of our index with only one-third of the market's volatility. As the largest allocators of hedge funds globally, our scale gives us many advantages, including capacity with the best managers, mortgage (inaudible) to mortgage friends and access to the best ideas. And finally, our various credit strategies in GSO rose 5% to 7% in the second quarter despite a sell-off in the last month, and remarkably its 22% to 42% for the past 12 months shortly outperforming virtually every benchmark for that period. As a result of our compelling investment performance across market and economic cycles, we have been able to raise dramatically more capitals than any of our peers. For example, we raised $14 billion in the second quarter alone, most of which was in our real estate and credit businesses. In real estate, we had our first [Asian] fund closing of 1.5 billion, marking a strong investor reception to our first dedicated fund in the region. We are targeting internal rates of $4 billion for this strategy which is one of the largest first fund raises in our history. In our real estate debt strategies area we raised $2 billion for a new drawdown funds during the second quarter alone followed by additional closing in July reported to $3.5 billion of available capital. In late May, we raised an additional $660 million for our permanent capital commercial mortgage vehicle, large scale mortgage funds as we call Blackstone entity. And in an over-subscribed offering, we sold three times or four times that amount. In total, our real estate debt strategies business started in 2008 is now over $10 billion in size. We continue to see strong inflows into our various products. This is a sharp contrast to the record outflows you've been seeing from bond [A] flow of funds which is not our business. Our new rescue lending vehicle has raised $5 billion in cap, this is more than 50% larger than our prior rescue fund which also hit its cap. In fact, all of the flagship drawdown funds we raised in GSO joined Blackstone in 2008 have reached their respective caps that the GSO team really is doing a terrific job. Also in credit, our low ETFs which trades under the ticker SRLN have raised $375 million since its commencement in April making it the most successful of any new ETF launched in 2013. We expect continued growth as many investors trade under the long duration assets and fixed rate assets in into floating rate products like SRLN and the other things we do throughout this DSL. Our Hedge Fund Solutions business reported $1.6 billion in that inflow in the second quarter despite the fact that the second and fourth quarters are the primary redemption quarters. Year-to-date net inflows were $2.5 billion. And on Private Equity we're continue to see strong [LT] interest for a tactical opportunities business, which raised an additional $325 million during the quarter. In terms of capital deployment, investors frequently ask us if we can invest all the capital that we're raising with the same types of returns we've delivered historically. By the way, they've been asking that question for over 20 years. The answers that we continue to find very attractive opportunities with capital to work around the world, leveraging our brands, key sector expertise [Technical Difficulty] Compelling investment investments opportunities remain globally with lots of distressed or over leveraged assets enabling us to buy the discounted physical replacement cost. A competitive landscape remains attractive with very little competition through large scale deals. During the quarter, we invested two-thirds of our capital in the United States, one quarter in Europe. We also committed to our first large scale joint deal with our partner in Brazil Patria to acquire a controlling interest in near nations best in class branded national developer or residential lots. In credit, the low rate environment we saw for the most of the first half of the year while breakthrough realizations made it more difficult to deploy capital. However, as rates move up it's good for us opportunistic credit [investors], for example in 2011, we invested approximately one-third of our first rescue lending fund in the months following S&P's downgrade of the US grading. In private equity competition remains high for new investments. In payable to leverage our global network in brand we source exclusive in proprietary deals. Financings for new buyouts remains available on a attractive terms although there is more demands for floating rate leverage loans than for fixed rate bonds over the near-term given expectations for rate increases. The last topic I'd like to discuss is our realization activity, which is the biggest driver of [cash] earnings for public investors. Realization rose to $6.6 billion in the second quarter, up from $1.4 billion last year. To just give you the numbers again because there's so many numbers in these presentations. Our realization rose $6.6 billion up from $1.4 billion last year. Over the past 12 months, we've had $21 billion in total realization. Activity, prehistorically in every business, in credit we had $2.7 billion in realizations for the quarter, primarily reflecting CLO activity as well as realization out of our first mezzanine fund, as a lot of people prepaid. In private equity, we have $1.6 billion of realizations in the quarter, mostly in BCP product, which did not drive carried interest yet. This includes the very successful IPO for SeaWorld, which is price to $27 this year, the top end of the filing rate, it since traded off another 42%. Since the beginning of last year, private equity realizations totaled nearly $8 billion, which is a really big number as healthy equity capital markets have allowed several public market engines including five IPOs and 17 [secretaries]. We had 3 more private equity IPOs on file and we can see several more in the coming quarters. Lastly in real estate, we had over $2 billion of realizations in the quarter, more than double last year's second quarter generating $175 million in realized performance fees versus $21 million last year. This was largely driven on sale of our remaining general [growth] property stock with a 2.3 times multiple of our investment after 2.5 year hold. If we can do that with everything, that would be a very happy world and we do do it with a vast number of our investments. We also announced the sale of EDT retail portfolio to EDR at a multiple of $350 million investment of approximately two types and that was double the money we earned for our fund investors after only a one year hold. We expect this sale to close in October and the capital is fully recyclable as within our BREP VII fund. Looking forward we remain confident with the further acceleration in activity later this year and next year. In fact this morning, we have filed an IPO of Brixmor, one of the largest grocery anchored shopping center companies which is our third largest real estate investment. In summary, we feel great about our business which we believe in greatly positioned in the alternative investment area as the only firm of its type with world scale operations in real estate, private equity, hedge funds and credit. We have raised over the last [22] years more capital, our more closest competitors together. Our team is extremely experienced with an unalterable commitment to excellence in all we give. I continue to believe our stocks significantly undervalued. And with that, I would like to ask Laurence Tosi to take over with the review of our financial results.
Laurence Tosi: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. By almost any measure it has been a record start to 2013. Blackstone continues on a steady trend of industry leading growth as total AUM reached a record $230 billion, up 21% year-over-year, marked by $42 billon of inflows and $25 billion of value created, together which far outpaced the $28 billion of capital returned to investors over the same period. Each of our invested businesses again saw double digit increases in AUM as every segment ended the quarter at record levels of assets. Our sustained growth is the result of both our ability to achieve returns for our fund investors and continually innovate new products and ideas. We leverage the leading scale and performance of our core global funds which serve as anchors to launch adjacent complementary strategies. This competitive advantage is evident in our strategic efforts in the high net worth channels. While you may have read about recent forays into these vast and growing segment by industry competitors, Blackstone has invested heavily in this market for several years. As a result of those efforts, today we have an efficient scale distribution effort and have created one of the fastest growing capital sources for every single one of our businesses. Improved Blackstone fashion virtually every senior manager in the firm has personally dedicated time and effort to developing this channel and the platform we have built has raised more than $14 billion of assets, including $5.4 billion raised in the past 12 months alone. The Blackstone brand and historical performance are compelling to this market as evidenced by our last several fund raises literally selling out on some of the world's biggest retail channels. And as Tony highlighted this morning, we think we are in the very early stages of the impact that this channel can have on the front. Turning to earnings, Blackstone's diversity and fund outperformance overcame the market headwinds in the second quarter. Revenue for the first half of the year reached a record $2.7 billion, up 66% over the same period last year and earnings nearly doubled to $1.3 billion at 50% margin. The main driver of revenue was fund performance which produced a 150% increase in performance fees to $1.3 billion for the first half of the year, also a record. The fastest growing component of Blackstone's earnings continued to be realizations which helped double distributable earnings to $730 million for the first half of the year. Some further observations and facts about Blackstone's second quarter and first half results. At quarter end, the net performance fee receivable a key forward indicator of earnings reached a record $2.5 billion. In real estate, the net performance fee receivable is now $1.6 billion, as $30 billion of assets are generating performance fees in an increasingly favorable environment for realizations. Private equity now has $633 million of net accrued performance fees with $500 million of that in BCP IV, which is 47% publicly traded. Additionally, BCP VI and BEP, our energy fund, are both accruing in full carry and are 28% and 48% public respectively. Our 2007 vintage fund, BCP V continued to make good progress towards the preferred return threshold. In the last year, BCP V created $5 billion of value, almost having the $3.7 million, the amount needed to reach the carry threshold. In credit, performance fees grew 80% year-over-year, roving that that business is not only largely insulated from rate rises but actually grows and benefits in the current and expected rate environment. In hedge fund solutions, 96% of eligible assets are now generating performance fees in the first half of $100 million, up five-fold which also drove an 80% growth in first half earnings. We should remember that incentive fees in hedge fund solutions and our credit hedge funds accrued through the year got a largely earned in the fourth quarter from a cash realization perspective. Currently we have $0.14 per unit accrued in the first half alone based on the strong performance of those funds. Additionally, advisory posted a strong quarter particularly in restructuring, which had one of the best starts to year in its history. Our strategic M&A and fund raising businesses both closed to double-digit gains in revenue versus the first quarter. The strength in fundamental earnings has also impacted the firm's balance sheet, which include the total of $7 billion in net assets or $6.31 a unit in the second quarter, up nearly 40% over the same period last year. As part of our continuing effort to lead in terms of transparency and unitholder alignment, we announced today that we would no longer reduce distributable earnings by the non-cash expense associated with equity related awards. These awards consistent with GAAP have always been part of our historical compensation expense and ratios and that will not change. GAAP distributions however will no longer be reduced by this expense, which added a $0.01 per unit to our distributable earnings and cash payout this quarter. This new policy would have added $0.08 a unit to distributions for the full year 2012, with $0.06 of those $0.08 coming in the fourth quarter when most of these awards are made and expensed against earnings. Historically, these awards are 8% to 9% of fee-based compensation and we expect that to remain the case with respect to timing and amounts. The historical impact of this increase to distributable earnings can be seen on page 30 of this morning's release in detail. I should also point out that over 6 years since we went public, our share count has only slightly increased by 38 million shares or 3.4%, roughly 60 basis points a year. In closing, a few key data points to consider. Over the past five years, Blackstone has nearly doubled assets with increased earnings nine-fold at a 56% compound annual growth rate and distributed $3.5 billion of cash to investors, including $1.3 billion in the last 12 months alone. Looking forward, the key drivers of future performance demonstrates the momentum behind our positioning against a dynamic market backdrop. We now have $95 billion in performance fee-earning assets of 63% year-over-year across 100 different funding vehicles providing a broad base of earnings power for future value creation. We also have record dry powder of $39 billion, up $3 billion year-over-year despite $16 billion in capital deployed over the last 12 months. And finally, we have $17 billion committed capital not yet earning measured fees and several scale funding raising initiatives underway. On behalf of everyone at Blackstone, we thank you for your time and joining this call and we welcome any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matt Kelley of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Matt Kelley: Thanks guys, so just curious, the commentary on the real estate investment was really interesting, so it seems as though especially given the break, the life cycle for a lot of these real estate investments has shorten, so I am just curious Steve to get your view on, how close we are to and I know that's a broad statement. But if you think about your real estate portfolio how close we are to getting back to more regular normal as you think about it life cycles for these investments or still a kind of a very short life cycle, when you think about spending them?
Steve Schwarzman: This is Steve. I don't think our life cycle have changed materially. What's happening is, you know, when we buy things, you know, I guess our approach is buy it, fix it and sell it. And you know that happens over periods that vary slightly with changes in economic activity and so you are seeing that accelerate in the US because we started buying very large amounts of real estate really about three years ago in real scale and we've been the largest purchaser in the world with vastly exceeding, vastly, multiples than anyone else. The cycle is changing now in Europe where that will be an investment cycle that will take longer to come out of by the nature of the underlying European economy which is evidencing virtually no growth. Asia will have another cycle still because it's continuing to grow but its experiencing real estate credit shortages as some of those economies grow slower and the economies generate other problems besides just real estate developers who can't sell out projects. So I don't think we are experiencing something slower, we are just dealing with the maturation cycles in different geographic areas.
Matt Kelley: And then my follow-up
Joan Solotar: And as it relates to the whole time itself, I think it's fairly typical when you are buying at distressed assets you know, the rise can happen faster and so the hold time can be shorter. As we talked about for assets that were bought in 06, 07, perhaps the hold time has been longer than typical.
Tony James: I think you will see in general across all of our businesses and in rising markets, what happens is, when we make an investment, we have a target value that we think is sort of an intrinsic value and we try to buy below intrinsic value in down markets and then in rising markets sometimes, the value to get up to that level quicker whether it's private equity, real estate credit, all of them. And so you will see holding periods coming in a little bit in rising markets and extend in declining markets and it's kind of depends on how quickly we can get assets and realize what we think is fair intrinsic value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim of Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed.
Michael Kim: Just a follow-up on the real estate front. Can you just talk about the thinking behind the [Briggsmore] IPO filing particularly as it relates to your outlook for real estate more broadly. So is this kind of the first step of the exit strategy where you are selling down sort of the ownership stake over time similar to the process you typically follow on the private equity side and does that suggest you still see more upside here to come broadly speaking?
Tony James: Well, let me tackle that, Michael. First of all, I can't comment on Briggsmore as you know it's publicly filled. So we're very limited on what we can say on that. But I think one of the things about real estate is we have the options about take some of these platforms that we have created public so Briggsmore with the bulk of it was bought one thing but then we have added on that another pieces and then we have a management team there. So we can be operating company but also depending on the assets you could also sell off assets piecemeal or and so we have a lot of flexibilities to how we do that. I think there is still more value to come in real estate, but there are some assets that are getting near their intrinsic value, and when its public stock, you got to go to public. We try of leave; we actually try to price our public offerings at a bargains of the initial IPO buyers, So that the stocks trade up and people are happy and so we don't generally sell much or any of our ownership when it want to actually IPOs. So usually we start, we take it publically a little well in advance of the time we actually expect to be harvesting most of our capital and at lower prices than we want.
Steve Schwarzman: And Briggsmore, we bought this company during the financial crisis particularly in Australia, the company didn't have as much as ability to invest in tenant improvement its vacancies was down and they made those investments vacancies have improved and as in more normalized type of business at this point and its appropriate to take that into market where it should trade in a satisfactory way.
Michael Kim: Okay. Then if I could just follow-up one quick one for LT. Anything notable on the expense side this quarter particularly looking at base comp, was there any lumpiness related to maybe a pickup in fund raising activity that we should be thinking about in terms of trends going forward?
Laurence Tosi: No. I think it was relatively ordinary quarter, any of the anomalies were really quite small and it wasn't related to fund raising, it sustain comp ratio year-over-year. I would say the business mix is a little different, because advisory had a stronger quarter.
Steve Schwarzman: Yeah. We have done a lot of the new hiring and a lot of investment spending in some of these to support the growth you've seen, but also to support future growth initiatives that we averted we are starting to roll out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Please proceed.
Dan Fannon: I just start maybe if you could comment on M&A broadly, why it's going to, it's been lackluster from industry perspective and in thinking about maybe from the perspective of your portfolio companies and their appetite to do deals in this environment, it just seems like we've been waiting for M&A to pick up and it has taken a long time.
Laurence Tosi: Okay, well. I agree. Why in regards, you probably have this in the form of opinion as I do, my own view is companies are uncertain about their futures and I think there are certain, and I think a lot of that uncertainty M&As from regulatory in Washington frankly and we're talking about the US and the rules are changing, they not sure what that does to the economy or we're going to have another crisis over the debt ceiling in the fall, what that's going to do one thing and other. So I think companies in the US or sitting on the sidelines that are happy to be in cash, they're happy to be secure. And I think that is one factor, then I think some of the exciting markets that people are all hot about, generally speaking, the BRIC markets are all showing issues right now all over the BRICs are. So a lot of the acquisition activity, corporations have done with -- has been to drive growth and a lot of it has been to buy -- make investments in those market, those markets are looking like they have some issues and so as I think M&A is going to stay restrained. Now our portfolio companies in general don't do a lot of M&A, except around the ones that are consolidation plays and those continue to rollout, we continue to make consolidating acquisitions, but they are small, you're not going to see those in terms of moving the needle or getting a lot of or any press.
Dan Fannon: Okay, great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Katz of Citigroup. Please proceed.
William Katz: Okay, thanks so much. Can you give some update on the retail initiative, I think at your Analyst Day, you mentioned you sort of cracked the code of an opportunity to bring the hedge fund into the mutual fund [rapport], I'm [curious] that was expected well around June, any update there and I do have a follow up?
Tony James: Okay.
Joan Solotar: So we actually announced this week that we will be rolling out a product, we can't really talk about distribution partner and all that yet, you'll hear from us in the future but it's a product that we're really excited about. It took a very long time to figure out, we think, we're unique in the ability to execute this, the way we are given on our positioning in the hedge fund solutions space, I mean it's an exciting product, it's probably a bit early to say much more given that the rollout hasn't happened.
Tony James: But what we can say is, it essentially for retail investors, it will give them access to some of the leading hedge fund managers but still preserve their ability to have daily liquidity and daily marks. So that was a bit of the trick, it's accomplishing both those things and we think we've done that. So we hope -- and we have a strong distribution partner. We hope it works. It will be well received.
William Katz: Okay and the follow-up question is just in the hedge fund solutions business, sort of curious if you look year-on-year, I think volumes are a bit down this July versus a year ago, what's the general appetite for that product set at this point in time in the institutional channel, are you seeing any kind of [saturation] in that business?
Tony James: No I think it's the same, exactly the same picture we've seen and in fact you know in general that business it's just, it's a lower risk way to participate in markets. So that business shines when markets get lumpy, volatile or in terms of relative performance or go down. And when you have very hot bull markets it lags a little bit. So I mentioned in my press call that, we're just in the second quarter when the global equity markets were down about 2% our hedge fund solutions composite was up about 1%, so in one quarter 300 basis points outperformance. And we do that with generally speaking somewhere between a quarter and a third of a volatility of the public markets. So and if you look at how that product has performed in the worst, 10 worst down months of the last five years, I think our investors have about broken even in those months whereas the public markets are down high single digits on average, in those months. So it's really, it's a lower risk way to play the markets, and but when you look at -- so while it might lag the performance a little in the up markets, when you look at the relative performance of that product versus the public markets, through the full cycle, because you don't have the down lags, even if you give a little on the upside, we've tended to outperform public equity markets with lower risk and that's the beauty of that product. So, with investors are really positive and really ebullient, I wouldn't at some point the flows might slow down a little bit but we're still getting a great reception across the board.
Joan Solotar: Yeah, if you look at -- just comparing, just their seasonalities, I think it's good to look year-over-year, this year's second quarter we had net flows of about $1.6 billion, last year's second quarter, we had net flows a little over $400 million. So we're not seeing momentum slow.
Tony James: If whole fee-related earnings are up, [fee-related] assets are up 18% year-over-year, don't also I think what's important with this business and as Tom went through on Investor Day, a key trend that continues is a lot of the inflows and strength are towards their customized products and some of their newer strategies that they're rolling out. So that very positive trend for that business and (Inaudible) for the stickiness of their assets to use that compression continues.
William Katz: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Howard Chen of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Good morning.
Tony James: Good morning.
Steve Schwarzman: Hi, Howard.
Howard Chen: Hi, I wanted to go back to where Steve began on higher rates and Tony, where you spent much in the morning as I agree it's been an area of focus for the investment community. So specifically realization, fund raising activity, you think higher rates alter your view of timing of harvesting cycle if rising rates come with higher growth expectations or change in cap rate et cetera? And second do you believe LP allocation behaviour changes in a rising rate environment, putting aside all the mega trends that we talk about?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay. Let's see, higher rates are connected to stronger economic activity I think it's a net positive across our business, both for the portfolio and for new investing. If higher rates come in a weak economic environment that would be, I don't see that happening but that would be, I might give a different answer to that. And then part of it is what happens to the equity market so are higher rates associated with much lower stock market, that would negatively impact realizations. If higher rates are associated, rates go up gradually and associate with stronger economies and a strong stock market then that wouldn't. So it's not just rates, so I guess is what I'm saying it kind of depends of what's going on with the other factors. On balance, I think we're really well positioned in our portfolio of existing assets to benefit from the conditions that are likely to prevail and rates go up. And higher rates will definitely help us on the reinvestment, on the new investment activity. And then we have a lot of products which are actually benefit from our rates, because they're flowing rates like our BXMT, our Blackstone Mortgage Trust for example, it's all floating rate, higher rates, higher dividends for shareholders, the value should go up, it shouldn't go down. So, it's kind of a mix picture, in terms of the impact on LPs again I don't see a change in their allocations, I mean they are expecting not to earn very much on fixed income. So I suppose, if rates went up high enough, fixed income would look attractive, but on the other hand, they'll take a lot of mark to markets that will be very, very painful. So, if a sharp and significant increase in rates is probably not good, because they'll have markdowns that will get into asset allocation issues, and they'll look at fixed income as having a more attractive go forward return, based on the surveys we've done of LPs, they've been thinking in the treasuries and investment grades, will future returns will be somewhere between 0 and 2% on their fixed income portfolio. They've been thinking that equity markets go forward returns be something in the 6% range. So no matter how you mix those you know 50, 40 or two-thirds, one-third, no matter what mix you put on public securities, you get a low single-digit return if you are a big institution and that just doesn't get on there, if you are a pension fund that doesn't pay for your liabilities. So that's why they are shifting the alternatives and I don't see rates going up enough to change that.
Howard Chen: And my follow-up is, we saw some further payoffs on the securities underwriting business with the participation in Pinnacle and SeaWorld being notable one, that's take out us. So was just hoping for any postmortem thoughts you all had on how that process went for you and ultimately where you see this evolving to?
Laurence Tosi: Hang on, Steve wants to make comment first and then one of us will get to that. Steve?
Steve Schwarzman: On this interest rate comment, people get very worried about this and the type of worry that's appropriate is a Volcker type of reaction to inflation, where in early 80s Volcker just broke the back of inflation by just driving rates to a point with the economy faltered and he got inflation under control. When we talk about rising rates in this environment, we have extremely low levels of inflation. And so rising rates ought to be a very moderate type of phenomenon and it's clearly being micro managed by the fed to not really hurt an economic recovery. In that type of world, what Tony is saying, is absolutely true. And if you look at the firm's performance over years, you will see that because we are such large owners of operating assets at the firms who are funds that we do much better when those assets earn more money and the economies are growing than we do with any minor movements in cap rates and real estate or multiples. To get multiples to really come in, in the stock market you've really got to jam on interest rates. And I don't think the pre-conditions for that actually exist today. So I could proceed with the gradual increase in rates exceeded by growth in the economy, that's a good thing for us and it is in itself positioned, it has always been a good thing for us at the firm.
Tony James: Your question about how we feel about the IPOs we've done, I think you know look we never feel the public markets quite appreciate the beauty of our children, but I would say generally speaking the experience has been good and maybe it's just because we went through a period of time where the experience was terrible. And so just, it's just much better now but and terrible only it is very hard to get in public, the prices were low, it was just or kind of felt like a battle and then a little while later the stocks are way higher and you just feel like you didn't have very good execution on the IPO process or so. Here I think we feel good about, we did PBF the refinery company. We did Pinnacle Foods, we did SeaWorld. Our (inaudible) residential mortgage REIT, we did our own mortgage REIT; we got some other things coming out of real estate and private equity. So I think all-in-all, if these markets hold up in this environment, we feel very good about it.
Howard Chen: And Tony, just how about your view of your role as a securities underwriter, as you are expanding that business a bit. How do you feel about traction there on some of those transactions?
Tony James: We're really pleased with that actually. We're really pleased with that. Sure, you know, as the capital markets advisory is added revenues and it's kind of another little line of business for us which is quite profitable and so on but what makes me really pleased about is, I feel like we're getting much more insight into the IPO process much better matter ability to execute for our limited partners, much more informed and we have more expertise internally to make the right judgments when the chips are down. So, I think it's a win-win. It's a win for our shareholders, it's a win for our limited partners and that's work out really well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Marc Irizarry: Steve, may be you can give, or Tony, a little more color on the operating performance of the real estate portfolio between hotels and may be office properties and then I am curious, as rates move higher one impact if any did that have on the valuations and when you think about the operating characteristics whether it's RevPAR or rents, you know, just how much flexibility in the real estate portfolio is there, sort of incremental uptick as growth in [gross] and the operating characteristics of real estate portfolio?
Tony James: Okay. Well there is a lot of specifics there. So in general in our real estate portfolio I'll just start with that. Depreciation 5.9% last quarter was driven by the operating results the NOI, not by changes in cap rates and things like that. Now we do have some public holdings in that which will drive the public markets as well. On cap rates, cap rates has been low but not really because base rates are low, [treasury] rates are low, but the spreads over the base rates had not been low. So as the economy goes up and as the real estate market intrinsically gets stronger and with construction so limited of new construction, I would expect spreads as base rates go up spreads come in a little bit and can cushion the blow of higher treasury rates if that happens. And then at the same time, you are getting the higher occupancies and the higher rents and the stronger outlook and so I actually think that scenario of an improving, as just as Steve was saying that scenario of improved economy associated with somewhat higher interest rates net that will play through the portfolio to add value, okay. I think that's important. As the specifics, the hotel RevPARs are averaging up about 6% the last quarter. The office, I'd say, every market, every single office market is improving, some are improving faster than others, some are flattish but not every single office is proving to a greater or lesser degree, when I look at the retail, you can see the (Inaudible) centers, our bricks and mortgage you see, how that's doing, they're all, but all of the retail businesses again all retail sales looked like they're coming up and across the board as reflected in our centers. Warehouses, so in another, it's another industrial as we it, it's another big area, again all across the board coming up. And then housing, obviously is the big one too for us and I commented on that earlier, but again, prices gone up over 1% a month. So, I think it's pretty much across the board, we can dig into whatever metric you want and whatever asset class you want, but the picture is the same and it's not only across asset class, it's the same in Southern California or Northwest or Boston or Washington or just sort of all the markets we're it's the same picture. And it's really driven by the factors, just very, very limited new supply and it doesn't take much economic growth to start, to drive this and we've got enough economic growth and we've got enough with not only supply, they have this look like a very favorable supply demand balance for several years. Because the new supply can't come on over night, particularly if you're going about office thing, it take years and so we've got pretty good visibility on the runway and it looks pretty good for the next few years for us.
Joan Solotar: And I think to add to that what's also positive is that the increases are good increases on top of what were large increase last year, so it's not like you have easy comparison, we've just continued to see good growth.
Tony James: (inaudible) and Steve talked about -- I think where our EBITDA is plus 17% for the first quarter, so its gives you a flavor for what can happen.
Laurence Tosi: All right, we keep proven when Tony and I meet every Monday with our real estate [views] about economic softness, because it's a potential indicator for us to help think for issues with other of our business lines. And as consistently as we ask the questions, are we seeing softness here, are we seeing softness there. The answer that comes back is no, we're not things are good for us, it's a very straight forward snappy reply, and Tony gave you the pieces of it, but there is sense of what we're seeing in theoretically, the things are strong in that area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Michael Carrier: Hey, thanks a lot. When you say we had a new opportunity front, you guys mentioned on the retail, aside the hedge fund product, just given what you've done so far in the retail channel and when you think about that opportunity you mention, it's you're kind of at the beginning stages is it more of a distribution opportunity, meaning continuing to gain traction with the current products or you know are there other product opportunities on the innovative side that now that you had done a decent amount of due diligence you can kind of you know plan ahead, and so where are those areas? And then just on the recent strategic partners deal, is there any other opportunities like that you know for Blackstone you know that kind of take advantage of and then use that to grow your own business?
Steve Schwarzman: Sure. Okay, well, so it's both existing products and its existing forms being offered to retail investors as well as new products in new forms. And it's very hard to say, none of us would look at the retail market as being homogenous, I mean we have, like you know you can stagnant the market, I mean some of them are like family offices where we talk to the CIOs, the family offices and it feels an awful lot like an institution and maybe very similar to existing products, all the way down to sort of closed end funds or mortgage REITs where an unsophisticated investor can buy 100 shares for $1000. And it's everything in between and so. And then on top of that we are thinking about new structures and things like that to embed our products and other things. And so it's really across the board. And as I mentioned, we are at the early stages of that. And I'm not sure that totally answers the question, but let me just get you the second part and then you can come back if I didn't. And strategic partner fits really well into that I think, I mean strategic partners, it's a great I think retail products, it's a great institutional products too, but I think it really appeals to retail investors. Why? Because when they start drawing down, they instantly start paying cash returns every quarter after that because they are buying mature funds that are in their harvesting periods. So an investor gives money and starts getting yield right away and the investment cycle is quicker. They get their money put to work quicker and they get it back quicker and that appeals to retail investors. They care about liquidity, they care about current yield. And you know their fund returns have been spectacular. So I think that's a really good retail product and one of the real appeals we saw in that acquisition, they were part of Credit Suisse and they got head access and great support from the Credit Suisse retail system, but of course they weren't getting distribution from many other retail systems for obvious reasons. As part of Blackstone, we expect to be able to continue to distribute to Credit Suisse investors but also to other firms' investors. And so that I think one of the synergies that we so to speak that we identify and it's a great product and doesn't overlap with anything and it have wonderful, consistent top quartile returns in the sort of like consistent with private equity. So good product. Other acquisitions, yeah, we've got some other things that we're looking at, nothing that we're close to doing, but I think conceptually there are some interesting things out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt of Autonomous. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: We've seen BCP V IRR go from 2% to 5% in just six months, largely I think on the back of the two very successful IPOs, I assume they are both roughly 10% of the fund. So my question is, can you give us an idea of how many high concentration slugs that are left in that fund to really help boost the IRR over that 8%?
Tony James: Well, I don't know how many concentration funds. The biggest investment in that fund is healthy, so that's obviously one, I am not exactly sure how to otherwise answer your question in terms of the number of them. I would say though everything in that portfolio has got upside in my view, I mean we carry -- we try to mark very conservatively when we get near and exited almost all is a big increase over our mark. Looking at LT about, what do you think the average increase from when we hit the realization of n versus the prior quarter markets?
Laurence Tosi: On average over, we looked at it for 10 years and it's close to between 25% and 30% and in a better market like this Tony if you can higher. So if you look at SeaWorld and performance, they were both up, one was up 50% and one was up 70% versus our mark in the prior quarter before the IPO.
Joan Solotar: Recently you probably saw there was an announcement of an acquisition of one of our publicly traded Team Health -- Vanguard sorry, where year ago it was trading at 8 and we have an all cash bid for 21. And that's I think just factored in obviously into remark.
Laurence Tosi: So partly is that, but partly it's just all these companies they are lean when results, when revenues start to grow again a lot falls to the bottom line and then you've got leverage capital structures and that value accretes to the equity to really, really fast. So BCP III I think at some point with one point was mark down to less than half of I think cost and it ended up being a couple over two times cost. So there is a lot of upside in these portfolios when the world turns.
Patrick Davitt: Again, quickly on the mechanics around the cash distribution one and if that gets over 8%, so you sell a few secondary or sell a few slug of shares and in Pinnacle, in SeaWorld over the next few months. And then you get over that 8% hump. Will that be a huge slug of cash that comes through the distribution when that happens, as I don't know how it works?
Laurence Tosi: There is actually, there is two separate questions there. One is for the fund investors and then one is for the public. When the funded self-structure accruing performance fees and then the realization after that you begin to see the cash realizations push through to the public investors. Today given the activity in the portfolio, when we were talking about the increase of 5 billion overtime, just to give you an idea, over the last 12 months there has been about 3.4 billion of cash and in different ways return to the investors in that fund and that's either from realizations, capitalizations or current income. So that level is already occurring in an increasingly rapid pace. And once that does come through the hurdle, once you get over the hurdle, then you'll see the accruing of carrier at to parent company and then you'll see it also go through to cash.
Tony James: And I don't forget, there is a little bit of an odd thing that happens when you get over that hurdle for a while, you may have a catch up period where a disproportionate percentage of the net gains go to the shareholders and that real estate had that a couple of quarters ago. And so you've got some not totally linear things happening around the hurdle.
Patrick Davitt: Well, that is in the 80-20 catch up right.
Laurence Tosi: That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman of Barclays. Please proceed.
Roger Freeman: Just back on real estate, it seems and it sounds like may be with the improving economic environment and obviously the supply dynamics, you had a pretty positive outlook on evaluations, is the timeframe over realizations of real estate portfolio has that may be gone out a little bit from where it was six or nine months ago, it seems like there was more focus on near-term realizations may be that just?
Tony James: Really, and I am not sure that we, I am not sure that was a fair impression, I don't think we have, it's hard to forecast very specifically realization of that and we really don't do that. We have a general idea of how our property is maturing and when we expect it to go to market. Ours been in a couple of instances things have popped a little sooner in real estate and in some instances there are assets where it might take a little longer, but I don't think it fundamentally changed, but it's lumpy, it's not going to be, we are in a period of time where you can expect to see real estate realizations growing and a fair amount of them over the next 12 months to 18 months but predicting which quarter and what order and what kind of ramp is just not, sort of not doable, it's too market dependent.
Steve Schwarzman: It is helpful Roger, just on that to Tony's point, obviously its longer cycle over time, what we tend to look at from a trend basis is kind of gross realizations, whatever that may be, it may be capitalizations, may be current income, may be sales and we look at it over a relatively long tail and on that basis the number of transactions and actually the realized amount has increased quite fairly. Let me just give you a couple of numbers, this is actually I'm going to give you for the whole firm because I think this question has been asked in different ways over the course of the call, just to give you an idea. In the first half of 2012, we saw 64 deals produce cash generation of about $4.5 billion. In the second half of 2012 that number went to 86 transactions and $8.6 billion. In the first half of this year, it's been a 105 deals and $12.6 billion. So while its very lumpy, as the fundamentals increase you can start to see a longer term trend and you have to look at it that way and by the way real estate follow that so when they were, they basically double the amount of transactions and capital that over the last 12 months is actually generating, when it will happen? As Tony said, hard to tell, but that steady trend is increasing and you can see it in our numbers. And we are still in the virtuous part of the realization cycle in a general way.
Roger Freeman: Okay, that answers the question very well, thanks. I guess then the second one on it is back on this retail product and I know you can't say a lot but as (inaudible) already mentioned distribution partner, is it one partner and is that going to be an exclusive arrangement? And secondly, on the earlier call Tony, you were talking about the dynamic of providing daily liquidity and investors also having to I guess understand pick some limits on that so to get access to the higher returns that hedge funds can offer? How does that play out as are there any daily limits?
Tony James: Roger, I don't think I've said that actually, but and I don't, I can't get in to the terms of it now, and frankly I don't even know all the details of it. So I really can't go further other than to say it combines access for this purpose until it's fully unveiled, I'd just like to keep it combined. It allows the investors to have the daily liquidity features that they want but gives them access to some top hedge fund managers which they also should want, they hope they will.
Roger Freeman: Okay, yeah, I guess I misunderstood, okay thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson of Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Jeff Hopson: Okay, thanks a lot. Just on real estate, you mentioned that in terms of your investing opportunities that there's still a fair amount of distressed properties out there. Can you explain on that a little bit even on the leverage this year, or over-leverage this year, I would expect perhaps the ability of the current owners to I guess refinance but any additional comments on that issue?
Steve Schwarzman: Well, I think, Jeff, in the US, that's happening. It's not like all the distress is gone by any means but markets are healthier, properties are doing better and private markets are very accommodating. So in the US, that's starting to happen and there's definitely less distress then there was a year ago. In Europe, well, I don't think that's happening and to the contrary, there's been a lot of stress in Europe but people are starting but -- I think it's just starting to loosen up and in one sense of people are starting to face that and want to sell assets and want to move assets. And also there were a number of, in some cases there were number of temporary patches put on where creditors cut a bar, or some slack or extended some things and those are coming up again and borrowed during a hard time renewing that. So, we're seeing the bank start to sell more in Europe and that activity level is high and then I would say in Asia it's a bit different, it's just - there's the well publicized credit squeeze that's going on in China, but it's also happening in India and it's happening in Brazil and it's happening in some other places. And so real estate financing is kind of drying up in those markets and that's opening some opportunities. So it's locus has shifted a little but in the US I think your perception is right the distress is waning.
Jeff Hopson: Okay. Then in private equity, post Q2 despite some volatility in the equity market. So it almost seems like the environment for realizations at least through the IPO process seem to have improved given that one equity markets have rebounded outperforming other, some other asset classes and some of the IPOs having done well, would you say post Q2, if the IPO process of realizations has actually improved a little bit?
Tony James: Well, it depends on what you're comparing it to. It was pretty good in the beginning of Q2 and then of course June was a little bit choppier, and now it's back to where it was, so I think yeah, so I guess by comparison of June is definitely improved. I don't know that it's much different from the April, May timeframe it was pretty good.
Jeff Hopson: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Joan Solotar: I mean just generally speaking, if you look at markets in the third quarter to date, I mean they're all up solidly and that's true across every sector.
Jeff Hopson: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer. Please proceed
Chris Kotowski: Just reflecting on Steve's comments, at the open, I'm not sure though what hit the stocks so much early part of the couple of weeks ago, it was the fear of rates, as much as it was one of your peers commenting that "there is normal biblical opportunity to sell assets here" and that I think just created the fear that there's a fragile window that's about to shut. So, I guess the question is can we infer from the fact that you're holding on to assets like Hilton, even though hotel stocks are hot and EBITDA is up 17%? And can we infer from that, that you disagree with that point of the year, that this is a big biblical opportunity to sell, and I guess just there's a follow-up to Tony, you said, we're still the virtuous part of the cycle, what gives you comfort not getting to the [profit] part of the cycle?
Steve Schwarzman: Okay, well. So, there are obviously, we've got, we filed bricks more today and we're out of real estate, we got some other things to sell our real estate, we've got 3 IPOs on file -- file for a private equity, we still. We're obviously think that before the right asset, this is a good environment, this is a good environment to start seeking some exits. But it's not and we're doing that. But there are other assets like just take Hilton for example, when you can have that kind of growth and EBITDA, with the kind of leverage capital structure, that is on that company, the equity accretion is tremendous. And you kind of want to let your winners run a little bit because you're accreting a lot of value for your shareholders every quarter and we think Hilton's a great company and we think that we'll have plenty of exit options, we'll have recap options, we'll have M&A options, we'll have IPO options, we'll have all kinds of things. So we're not in any rush, we don't feel like, we feel like it is all, it's about there, you're are looking at the current market conditions and you're also looking at the fundamental growth of equity value company, we are trying to balance those. And so I think that, I guess I was saying that, I think we've got we don't see any the window is shutting right away and indeed you might get a hotter, as economy improves and corporations get more confident about the future, you might see the corporate change the control market, the M&A market get hotter and that might accrue to our benefit. So I think what I meant by the virtuous part of the cycle was that so much trying to predict markets but in terms of what was going on with our markets, are pretty good, a, so the avenues are open and b, in terms of what was going on with our assets that coming to the stable and particularly on real estate, and that was ours, we have this buy it fix, sell it, our operations there, a lot of the assets are getting to the fixed stage when they would normally look to exit and the windows are open and I think we're going to have another 12 to 18 months of good activity on that.
Joan Solotar: Chris, I will say just based on the incoming questions, we -- everyone is asking about interest rates, concerned about interest rates, so I might disagree somewhat. And I think there wasn't a clear, and maybe there still isn't a fully clear understanding of how GSO is positioned, that's private market transactions, that is floating rate that they actually benefit in a rising rate environment and we even thought with the Blackstone Mortgage Trust which is commercial mortgages, initially that got hit with the residential rates where you're trying to play a curve, and you know here we're not again its floating rate, they have in their queue for every 100 basis points increase in rates as a commensurate increase in income. So hopefully there's a better understanding today than there was two weeks ago but I still think we have a way to go.
Chris Kotowski: Okay, thank you. That's it for me.
Joan Solotar: Great thanks everyone and we look forward to catching up after the call as well.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone First Quarter 2013 Investor Call. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of External Relations and Strategy. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, Chantilly. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. So today, I'm here with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results, which are also available on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q in a few weeks. So I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K report. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements, and we will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call. For reconciliations, please refer to our press release. I'd also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or solicits of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone fund, and the audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. So a quick recap of our results. We reported economic net income or ENI of $0.55 per unit for the first quarter. That's up from $0.44 in the first quarter of last year. The improvement was largely driven by sharply higher-performance fees from greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets really in every one of the businesses. Distributable earnings were $379 million or $0.33 per common unit for the first quarter of 2013, more than double last year's first quarter. And we'll be paying a $0.30 distribution to common of record as of April 29, which reflects the $0.33 in distributable earnings, less $0.03 in retained capital per unit. And then lastly, we're hosting our third Blackstone Investor Day on Friday, May 3, at the Waldorf in New York. We sent out registration e-mails, and many of you have registered. But if you didn't receive one and you'd like to attend, please follow-up with either me or Weston Tucker after the call. And as always, let us know if you have any questions following the call as well. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining our call. It's been a terrific start to the year. First quarter revenues were up 29% year-over-year, and earnings rose 28%, as all of our investing businesses posted another quarter of great returns and strong inflows. Assets under management grew by 15% to a record $218 billion despite a sharp increase in cash realizations to $6 billion in the first quarter. While many of our businesses are already the largest of their kind in the world, every one reported another quarter of double-digit AUM growth as our limited partner investors entrusted us with greater amounts of capital. One of the defining characteristics of our ability to achieve this continued growth is innovation. We stay attuned to market dislocations and long-term trends that provide scale investment opportunities. We meet investor needs with unique and better solutions and then we have the best people to execute, and this is what we do here at Blackstone. Almost $76 billion of our current AUM of $218 million comes from new products, new strategies and new regions that didn't exist for us at the time of our IPO 6 years ago. These assets contribute meaningfully to our average AUM growth of 28% over the past 20 years. And I don't think there are many businesses in finance that have any kind of record of this type. We have several innovative products, either recently launched or in progress. Two weeks ago, we launched the first actively managed ETF in partnership with State Street Global Advisors, a leading distributor of ETF products, as you know, and a well-established retail distribution channel. The new fund trends under this ticker, SRLN, and is finally called Sirloin. I obviously didn't have anything to do with this name because I don't eat red meat, but hopefully, other people will. This is an exciting new product. And with our investment track record and brand, we believe it has the potential over time to become as large as some of the largest open-end mutual funds focused on bank loans. And the potential on this is really very big. It's hard to know how it will develop, but these types of products often get into the tens of billions of dollars. So we have an aspirational goal, though we have no idea how this will develop. Also, in Credit, our new rescue lending fundraise is progressing very well, and the fund has already surpassed the size of our first fund at $3.3 billion. We fully expect to hit our $5 billion cap by the time of our final close in June. And this is a fund that is not yet investing, so it's not included in our fee-earning AUM but will roll in as we invest over the next few years. Recall, we also hit the cap on our second mezzanine fund last year, so the GSO team here at Blackstone is really doing a terrific job. We raised over $3 billion in our CLO and other customized credit strategy platform, which included pricing 2 new CLOs in the first quarter. If you'll remember, this market was completely dead 2 to 3 years ago and some people questioned whether it would revive. In fact, it's not only alive and well, it's particularly alive and well right now. This also includes great successes we're having with our retail business development company platform, which is raising well over $500 million in equity per quarter. That's per quarter. Gross fee-earning assets in this strategy have now reached $7 billion including leverage. Our Hedge Fund Solutions segment is also broadening distribution channels and diversifying product offerings, driving strong capital inflows and market share gains. BAAM, as we affectionately call our Hedge Fund Solutions area, is the clear leader globally in this space and reported $1.2 billion in gross inflows in the quarter and $900 million on a net basis, excluding another $950 million or almost $1 billion of April inflows. Some of BAAM's new initiatives include expanding our platforms to invest in special situation opportunities and hedge fund stakes, as well as developing hedge fund solutions for individual marketplace. Our Real Estate platform remains very active around the world, and in both our opportunistic and debt strategy businesses. In April, we had a first close on our new debt strategies drawdown fund of $2 billion and are targeting a final close of $3 billion, which is way below the demand for this product. We capped the fund at this amount in order to match it's size with the current market opportunity. Including the April close, our real estate debt strategies platform is now $9 billion in total, up from 0 in 2008. And as I mentioned, we could have made it significantly larger. Also in Real Estate, we launched our first dedicated pool in Asia earlier this year and expect the first close in the second quarter in excess of $1 billion. Lastly, in Real Estate, we continue to generate strong inflows from co-investment in our large deals which earned fees, and we've raised nearly $2 billion in co-investment in the last 2 quarters alone. So if you annualize that, which you actually shouldn't, that $2 billion in the quarter times 4 would be $8 billion, which is almost -- which would be raising more than the largest fund in the world other than our own just through co-investment. One final note on fundraising. Our tactical opportunities business, which is a special situations platform with a broad investment mandate across asset classes, raised an additional $1 billion in the first quarter, bringing its total size to $2.7 billion currently. This product has received strong interest from some of our largest limited partner investors and has the potential to be quite significant over time, which I believe it will be. In aggregate, we raised $8.5 billion in capital in the first quarter. Central to our ability to continue raising this much is our track record of generating attractive returns, and ultimately, better performance than what can be achieved by our investors in other asset classes. Our first quarter performance was consistent with this trend. In Real Estate, our opportunistic investor -- investments rose over 6% or $2.4 billion in total appreciation. In terms of fundamentals, it's more of the same, with ongoing improvement across all subsectors, largely on the back of limited new supply of product and moderate economic growth. Our BREP VII global fund, which started investing in the third quarter of 2011, the largest  such fund in the world, has already achieved a net IRR of 32%. Let me just go over that one again. It's the largest fund in the world, so we're not supposed to have good performance according to a lot of theoretical models, which has not turned out to be the case for us, and it's up 32% net of fees. It's really an amazing performance. And all of our global funds, as well as our current European fund, are fully in carry. Real Estate's accrued performance fees, net of compensation, increased to $1.4 billion despite higher realizations which equates to $1.28 a share. Our Private Equity portfolio, not to be left behind, rose 8% in the first quarter, with over $2 billion in equity value appreciation net of the negative impact of foreign exchange. Most of this gain was in our fully invested BCP V fund. The fund, as you know, is below the preferred return hurdle. Now it's by 9% on the total enterprise value basis, which is a good improvement from the 12% gap that we reported. So we're not that far away from getting into carry, although it's hard to predict exactly how that will develop. The fund is now held at 1.3x cost, including realized proceeds. Our portfolio  companies are performing well in a tough economic environment, and we're leveraging the strength of the platform and our portfolio operations to create real sustainable value for our companies and our limited partner investors. We also tapped into the strength of the credit markets, which Tony talked about on the earlier call, during the quarter to execute over $20 billion in portfolio company debt financings, driving substantial interest savings across our portfolio overall. And these savings translate into a multiple of value appreciation. As our funds have continued to create value and post strong returns, recent market conditions have increasingly enabled us to convert this value into cash earnings for our investors. I stated in our last call that it was becoming increasingly evident we've reached an inflection point in terms of realizations as long as markets remain constructive. While on a quarterly basis realizations are always lumpy, our first quarter distributable earnings of $379 million were our second-best quarter ever as a public company in about the last 6 years, trailing only the last quarter. This brings our 6 months total to $870 million. Our $6 billion in total realizations in the first quarter is up from just over $2 billion last year. That's 3x. Our Credit business was half of this amount, driven by CLO activity, as well as realizations out of our first mezzanine fund, which generated an inception-to-date return of 19%. If you can make 19% after fees in mezzanine, that's about as good as most people have done in equity returns, if not better. That's a pretty remarkable performance by the GSO group. In Real Estate, we had nearly $1 billion of Real Estate this quarter, double last year's first quarter, generating $72 million in realized performance fees versus $9 million a year before, so that's $72 million up from $9 million. And we remain confident we will see a material pickup in this level later in this year and next year. In Private Equity, we've also been active, generating $140 million in realized carry in the first quarter, up from only $4 million the year before. So if you keep track of this blizzard of numbers, you'll see that Private Equity had much larger realizations in that sense than Real Estate. We completed 10 equity capital market transactions, including nearly $2 billion of secondary share sales. The average multiple of invested capital in these transactions was 2.7x your money. Any way you look at it, when you're selling things at 2.7x investors' money, it compares so massively better than the stock market, that this is why people continue to give us increasingly large amounts of money over time to do what we do. As the M&A environment for corporates has been somewhat restrained over the past few years, we've seen more of a concentration toward public market exits for some of our more mature investments, though I think this will change over time given the enormous liquidity that companies have. In addition to several secondary offerings, at the very end of the first quarter, we completed the successful IPO of Pinnacle Foods. This priced at $20 a share, the top end of the filing range, and has since traded up further. We did not sell down any of our interest in this offerings. We have a few more other IPOs on file, and we expect several others in the coming quarters. So this part of our business is doing quite well. In summary, we're very excited about the prospects we see in each of our businesses. We've launched or are launching a number of new and innovative products in every business line and are broadening our distribution channels. As we continue to attract more capital, our diversity and global presence enable us to identify attractive opportunities to deploy this capital, sowing the seeds for future returns. We've seen sharp increases, very sharp increases in cash realizations recently. And in good markets, we will continue to harvest the value we've created, driving good returns for our public shareholders. Our firm is in terrific shape, both in terms of growth of assets, our capital position, our performance for our investors, the number of new products, our personnel, which is really absolutely terrific, the people here are really excellent what we do and a culture where we have a sense of mission to be the best-performing firm that we can be for our investors. So it's a -- the state of the end of the first quarter is a very positive one, certainly from my perspective.
Laurence A. Tosi: Okay, Steve, thanks. Blackstone's first quarter was a record start to the year with $1.3 billion of revenue, up 29% year-over-year on record performance fees and investment income of $739 million, which was up 57% year-over-year. The firm's results reflect not just the impact of a single strong quarter, but also the earnings momentum created by sustained fund performance and growth, which Steve outlined, and the earnings leverage that combination generates. To give you better insight into how we think about the firm's performance and earnings potential, I'll focus my comments on 3 core earnings drivers: Capital formation, value-creation and gain realization. Capital formation. Over the last 12 months, Blackstone's global marketing platform, network of LPs and continued innovation generated $34 billion of inflows. In fact, as Steve outlined, several of our newest and largest fundraisers have resulted in the firm reaching caps or capacity, evidencing the demand for alternatives in general and the power of Blackstone's track record and brand in particular. Consistent robust inflows and value-creation more than offset the $23 billion of capital return to investors over the last year, allowing the firm to grow 15% to a record $218 billion. Further, despite the $17 billion of capital invested or committed across the firm, the global capital formation capabilities of Blackstone were able to maintain the level of available capital or dry powder at $36 billion at the end of the first quarter. Value-creation. The sustained fund performance across all of Blackstone's businesses created $18 billion in value for fund investors over the last 12 months and $7 billion in the first 3 months of this year alone. The value-creation reflected in fund performance can also be seen in a couple of key measures of earnings potential. Total performance fee-earning assets reached a record $88.5 billion across 90 distinct funds currently generating cash performance fees. That total is up from 54% in just the last year -- up 54% in total over the last year. Sustained fund performance also has the direct effect of accelerating accrued performance fee revenue, which reached a total of $604 million for the quarter as the base value of assets upon which we earn performance fees continues to expand. This earnings dynamic also impacts the net performance fee receivable, which reached a record $2.3 billion or $2 per unit at the end of the quarter. Another key indicator of value-creation is the sharp growth in total net value of cash and investments on the balance sheet, which grew over $1.50 in the last year to $5.93 per unit, up 34% year-over-year which further creates value for shareholders. Now on to gain realization. Our gain realization activity over the last year has strengthened materially, which resulted in $929 million in realized cash performance fees paid and $0.92 per unit in total distributions to unitholders over the last 12 months. In the first quarter, the firm executed 40 different transactions that generated another $6 billion in realizations across the 90 funds earning performance fees. These realizations are, of course, the key driver behind the more than doubling of distributable earnings year-over-year to $379 million and represents the strongest first quarter in the firm's history. Over the last 12 months, the cash generating components of earnings, or ENI, which are realized performance fees and fee-related earnings, have grown to 64% of our total earnings, up from 49% in 2011. What is perhaps most interesting about the performance is that as gain realizations and cash payouts to unitholders have strengthened considerably, the value-creation elements of our balanced earnings continue to expand Blackstone's forward earnings potential. As I mentioned last quarter, as Blackstone's earnings have steadily and consistently grown and diversified over time, it afforded us the opportunity to enhance unitholder value by increasing our quarterly base distribution by 20% to $0.12 per unit. We also moved to a current-quarter payout policy and accelerated the timing of that distribution. For the first quarter, our distributable earnings grew to 33% per unit, and we will distribute $0.30 per unit or 3x our last year's payout to our unitholders of record on April 29, a date that comes before some managers even report earnings. In a period where public equity and debt markets are impacted by a sharp increase in risk capital and historically low rates, finding and creating value in the largest markets becomes more difficult. We have consistently invested in Blackstone's capabilities to find opportunities to create value where others cannot. Blackstone's culture of innovation, global reach, unmatched diversity of strategies and trusted brand uniquely position us as the solution provider to the world's largest pools of capital. Our public units give all investors liquid exposure to the fast-growing asset classes we manage, which can find those opportunities, often complex or liquid, to create sustainable value across markets and convert that value into a consistently high cash yield. The first quarter again demonstrated how sustained strong performance across Blackstone's funds can and will drive long-term value and cash earnings for our unitholders. Joan?
Joan Solotar: Great. So on behalf of everyone at Blackstone, thanks for joining the call, and we're going to take your questions now. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz: Steve, I'm curious if you could flesh out the retail growth opportunity. It seems like you and some of your peers are particularly focused on trying to crack into that particular area, and sort of I think under your discussion of broadening out distribution, so could you talk about, a, what you're strategy is from a distribution perspective; and b, what type of products are you looking at here? And so in that construct, how you're thinking about redemption risk as you build out the business?
Hamilton Evans James: Bill, it's Tony. I'll take that one. And I hit this briefly on the press call, but we basically think retail opportunity is big for our industry and for ourselves. It's big for the industry because there's -- the total amount of high net worth assets is bigger than the total amount of institutional assets. Whereas institutions tend to have 10% to 20% of their assets in alternatives, retail tends to 1% to 2%. So that shows you the scale that could be potential. So we're excited about that. We're actually hitting that every single one of our businesses has at least 1 and maybe multiple ways that they're accessing retail investors. And that might be defined by channel or might be defined by form of product. Form of product could be partnerships, sort of special-purpose entities that a distribution arm would set up to distribute LP interest in one of our main funds; or it could be publicly traded vehicles, like the ETF that Steve mentioned; or like BDCs; or like closed-end funds; or like mortgage REITs, all of which we have. So I would say it's across the board, it's across retail channels and it's in multiple forms.
William R. Katz: Okay. And just my follow-up question, when you look at the dynamic between cash return and growth of fee-paying AUM, obviously a little bit of a depression on fee-paying AUMs to the extent you're very successful in generating realizations and so forth, how do you think about the ability to grow fee-paying AUM? I think it was about 2% sequentially, a little bit lower than your long-term average. And if your realization cycle picks up, what are the key drivers to that growth going forward?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: What happens with AUM, when you raise the fund, you get a bump, and then when you sell things, you take away from the value of those assets. And that kind of sort of wave phenomena is endemic in our business. We have a lot of assets in different parts of our business. So the way you keep the business growing, which is great for the people who work here because everybody gets a chance to be -- have platforms to grow in where they can be important and grow professionally and it has a good result financially, is to expand new products and to move into new geographic areas to the extent that all these things always have to be measured against producing great returns for investors. We just don't do this stuff to manage to some earnings expectation. We do it if we see great opportunities to produce superior returns for our limited partners. And you also grow your business by taking advantage of different channels. And so we've had, for several years here and actually much longer, use of retail distribution that Tony talked about earlier, and that bringing our products to high net worth investors is a logical evolution. The technology has gotten better and better to do that on SEDAR fund side. And these type of investors were typically scared to death in the financial crisis and basically went to cash, which was the exact wrong thing to do just by the by. It's a pattern that gets repeated from time immemorial. But putting money in our types of products yields much higher returns. And I'm asked reasonably often during the year to talk to groups of high-net-worth  financial advisors, and I basically say to them, "Why would you invest in the products you normally do if you can make 2x to 3x your money and have happier customers if you put them into our products?" And I think that's not a sophisticated sales pitch, but it actually happens to be one that's pretty compelling. And the people managing these large high-net-worth  groups increasingly want to get their customers into these types of products because the customers are better served and because we've got not only great array of products more than anybody else in the world, no one close, but we also have a brand name that people can trust because we're very risk-averse and we tend to be highly diversified in what we do. And so it's a safe -- we're a pair safe hands, but with high performance historically. And so by rolling that distribution channel out over time is another source of growth for us. So part of what we do is follow the opportunities to create products and move around the world in terms of gathering money. And outside of the United States, the Blackstone name is really, really powerful. It's powerful in the United States, too, but I'm saying it's a differentiating item. It's a great name to bring to a market.
Hamilton Evans James: Bill, let me answer your question on AUM growth. So we've got this kind of a see-saw cycle a bit, as you've pointed out, which is on the one hand, when you go through  big realization, you start shedding AUM. And then at the same time, when you're into your big fundraising, it's lumpy because you get -- particularly if you're doing the mega-funds that are the core funds in real estate, private equity, places like that, you get big step-ups. So it's not totally smooth, and those things don't always correlate. So you'll have flatter periods as you're not raising a big fund, but you are divesting, and then you'll have spurts when the big fund comes in and you're not divesting much. I think when you smooth that out, you can expect us to have high-single digits, low double-digits, long-term AUM growth, at least that's what we expect. And I think actually the structure of our business as it grows is getting smoother in that because we're having more and more funds that are always in the market. And because some of our funds, increasingly a number of them, particularly some of the GSO and credit-related stuff, only come into fee-paying AUM once they start being drawn down. So that's a much steadier kind of thing. It's disconnected from the big raise cycle. So -- but we think, as I say, high-single digits probably is what it averages out over time. But you'll have -- we'll have somewhat softer periods and somewhat sturdier periods, but it should tend towards the smoother.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: You guys gave a decent amount of color just on the realization environment. You've been pretty active, and it's driving your healthy distributable earnings. On the deployment front, I just wanted to get maybe an update -- activity across the industry has slowed a bit, valuations have picked up. I think you guys had mentioned when you look at valuations, whether it's being driven by central bank policy versus fundamentals, so just where you see the opportunities going forward just given the fairly strong move in the markets, which obviously has been positive on the exit front?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, it depends on the business line that we're in. They just have different characteristics. Real Estate is just still basically, by historic standards, smoking, and it has not impacted that as much. And so you can start seeing a little tightening there. It's affected Private Equity the most, with a slow investment rate for the current quarter. But I don't look at life in terms of quarters. I know you do. It's a bit of an artifice. And we look at what happens in a year or 2, and we missed 1 or 2 large situations where we would've ended up just putting $1 billion or more in just one transaction, and then these numbers would've looked different. So that's a bit of a luck at the draw type of thing. You also need to pick your shots as to where you work and developing a product that's more direct where we have a number of deals going on like that as opposed to some of this auction product like Life Technologies, which we lost to a strategic -- is the way you go about doing that, and to the extent that the deal business picks up or that our GSO people have a lot of opportunities there with their drawdown funds. And so a bit of this is a wax and wane kind of phenomena.
Hamilton Evans James: So Michael, let me weigh in on that. It seems -- it sounded like you posed your question primarily Private Equity, I mean obviously Real Estate is at some kind of huge level, so there's no shortage of opportunities there. And so let me focus on Private Equity. We're still seeing -- prices are high at the general industrial LBO market, but we try to avoid that unless we have some kind of special sauce anyway. But we've put a lot of money into energy very successfully, continue to see a lot of interesting investments there. We've put a lot of money into sort of -- and private companies are companies that can't access public markets, whether debt or equity, has been a really good place for us, both our Credit business and our Private Equity business. So private capital -- private credit has gotten historically higher returns in relation to public credit. And similarly, on the equity side, small companies that can't access public markets need growth capital, want to consolidate their industry, still a lot of interesting things there, but they're smaller companies for the most part. And then there are still some industries which are capital-constrained from the financial crisis, and those have not healed yet. Some of the markets have not opened up for them yet. There's various regulatory-driven capital needs that are kind of distorting supply and demand and creating anomalies which we've been focusing on. And of course, Europe is not a hot market, and there are some interesting things there depending on where you look. So when we look around the world, we're still seeing plenty of interesting things to look at. We're being disciplined. We've put out -- well, actually, we've put out -- in the last 12 months, we think we've put out $4.4 billion in Private Equity. That's probably not a higher than sustainable investment pace for us. So we don't feel that constrained by a lack of opportunities at all.
Michael Carrier: Okay, that's helpful color. Just as a follow-up, on BCP V, so you guys have made some good improvement particularly this quarter just in closing that gap. But when I look at 2014, your estimates and stuff, there's a pretty wide range out there. So I just want to make sure that we look at this correctly. So if I just take like the last -- take 3 quarters since the market has rebounded, it looks like the markets have been up in that timeframe from 15% to 20%. And then if I look at the kind of the equity or the fair value improvement in your performance or in that gap, it's gone from like 36% to 22%, and then that enterprise value has gone from like 13% to 9%. And so when you guys report performance, I'm just -- we always look at that fair value metric, which is at like that 22%. But I know you guys look at that enterprise value metric, which is at 9%. I'm just trying to like tie the 2 or what we should be focused on when we look at the performance of the fund.
Laurence A. Tosi: Michael, it's LT. They're actually -- as you just did the math, they're actually the same numbers. We prefer to show the total enterprise value number because that's more akin to what's happening in general markets when you look at the S&P or other indicators. But you can, as just as you did, calculate it on a levered basis where you're taking advantage of the leverage. And then it's a bigger number to reach, but you have the advantage of the leverage so that the total enterprise value has to go up by less. So it's just a matter of presentation. We thought it was simpler for more investors to show it on a total enterprise basis, but we give enough numbers so you can also calculate what it is on an equity basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: First one is, I guess since it seems like every financial that's reasonably successful or very successful has a target on it, is there any -- I'm just curious, is there anything besides the ever-present carried interest in the recent budget proposals or regulatory proposals out there that weren't -- that you're taking extra closer to look at or could be problematic if enacted?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: That's a good question. We always spend a lot of time worrying about risks here. And if you look at our initial prospectus or you look at whatever we produce by way of documents that we file on a regular basis, there's always a list of these kinds of risks.
Hamilton Evans James: And I don't know that any of us think there's anything on the horizon other than Washington-type issues that really should impact the business in any significant way given the momentum that it's had longer term. There's a trend to defined contribution as opposed to defined benefit plans, which on a very long-term basis, may have some impact. But to the extent that we pivot to going individual investors and more sovereign wealth funds, we can ameliorate that. We always have the risk of our own performance, which firm-wide has been really terrific. And that's something that we're always laser-like focused on. But in terms of external types of things, we've a little bit of investors sometimes wanting to go direct on certain types of deals. That's a relatively small impact to our business, and we've grown right through that. We find new ways to partner with these types of investors on certain types of things. And so I think it's -- it really is more government-oriented things and passing things in Washington, we're all finding out now, it's pretty difficult to do. And without making too much of a political statement, it's hard to imagine when 90% of Americans are in favor of some types of background checks, and we can't even sort of get a vote on it. So even though Washington things  could have some interest in terms of potential negative things that people mentioned almost in passing like getting rid of interest deductibility, which is just on the list of something that came up a few weeks ago, that a lot of these things that make some headlines, I think, are quite unlikely in the context of the world we're living in today to really be effective. But that's the area that I think from an overall point of view that we worry about the most. Just doing our business and making excellent returns for our customers. That's something we're pretty focused and it's part of the firm's culture, and we don't knowingly do anything that is straying from achieving that objective. So I'd say on balance, from a risk perspective, it certainly appears from being thoughtful about it that we're in a relatively low threat level to the firm in any way, except for these types of Washington-oriented issues, and most of those we can find a way to grow through, frankly.
Hamilton Evans James: Actually, Robert, I'd say to the contrary, we actually think that these -- that the markets where, I think, Goldman Sachs published a report where they projected returns for the next 5  or 10 years recently. And they projected the stock market returns of like 5.5% and credit intensive say high-yield in the 3s and investment-grade and government bonds. Government bonds, 0, actually investment-grade close to 0. If you think of our traditional investor that's got to earn 7.5% to 8% to make his beneficiary to make his payment to stay solvent with beneficiaries, and the equity returns are 5.5% and the credit returns are best depending on the credit spectrum are 2%, and they've got traditionally people have 60% of 1, or 40% -- 60% towards equities, 40% towards debt, you're talking about a portfolio in 3.5% if that's all you're doing. It's a killer, and it's going to be huge societal burden and/or -- because the taxpayers got to pay it or you're going to push -- or you're just have an insolvent pension plans then.  I don't know how society deals with that in any painless way. The only painless way, truthfully, is to earn more on the portfolio. And the only way to do that is to move your money to alternatives because there you can have pretty consistent, uncorrelated returns that are way above on a good alternatives portfolio.  You have tons of confidence of being way above your liquid market alternatives. And so we see it the other way. We see that the trends are inexorable. It doesn't matter about whether private equity is popular or this or that. They have no choice. There's no better answer for society than these institutions moving substantially more capital into alternatives.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: If you just look at, for example, we've got 1,600 basis points long-term performance in real estate over the stock market, I mean, how can you not allocate more, as Tony's talking about, to that asset class? We're in 900 to 1,000 over in private equity, so why would you not do that in increasing size? Our credit business is -- has earned major multiples over those areas, and all of them are way above the actuarial rates. And so this isn't like a theory. This is reality. And so there is nowhere to go to solve the problems other than the kinds of things that are horrible types of alternatives for society. So we think our business is really extremely well positioned for the future.
Robert Lee: Maybe just following up to that,  I mean, one of your peers has talked about them believing, I guess, a couple of years down the road and 2, 3, 4 that --  it's inevitable that they'll find a way to put more alternative products into defined contribution, plans and whatnot. Do you guys assume -- I know if you do share that confidence, I mean, do you see that as being a realistic potential for the foreseeable future?
Hamilton Evans James: Absolutely. And if you look at like Australia, you'll see a lot of alternatives already in the equivalent of defined contribution plans. And we've developed specific products right now that are going into defined contribution plans daily marks, daily liquidity that sort of stuff. So absolutely we'll see that and we're already there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Barclays.
Roger A. Freeman: I just wanted to just take up on this last point, and kind of carry this out. If you've moved, I guess, how much capacity do you think there is to generate these consistently high returns? If you look at how you generate the returns, right, improving the businesses that you buy, some of its financial, capital structure-related, if you move the kind of money that would have to move into sort of private equity and similar assessments to solve the pension issue, does that change the dynamic?
Laurence A. Tosi: No, I don't think so. We haven't seen it. We haven't seen any diminution of the returns as our business is scaled. And remember, as we grow, we're not just growing the same 3 funds over and over and over again. We have a lot of new products, we have a -- and let's take private equity, for example. When private equity  initially started 20 years ago, you focused on small because you couldn't finance big, mundane industrial companies that were slow-growing in the United States. You'd never do a tech company, you'd never do growth equity, you'd never do a large deal, you'd never do a deal in Europe, Asia or Latin America. The scope has widened dramatically and continues to widen. And so we haven't seen any limits to scale, and as I say, it's not just doing the same old thing bigger, it's really expanding the horizons and the number of things you can do well.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. And I guess, the other -- my other question is just be on proprietary data points,  always interested in what you're getting out of your many portfolio of companies. There's a lot of talk about more slowdown again. Are you seeing that?
Hamilton Evans James: We're seeing, I would say  -- let's just talk -- it depends on where in the world, but let's start with the U.S., because  I think that's what your primary question is about. We're seeing anemic growth. It is growth, but it's anemic. Europe is flat to down, and Asia is growing but...
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: There are different areas of strength, of course,  the whole housing area. For example, you've seen housing starts are now a little over 1 million, up from sort of at the bottom. I guess it was like 500,000, 600,000. You've got autos that are still doing quite well, about 15.5 million units, which were up from about 8.5 million, 9 million units at the bottom. So these areas have strength, as does the money at least going into the energy complex and that area yields more, of course, in terms of return with the commodity price for oil was $10 higher the way it was sort of 1 month or 2 ago. But that area has really very significant strength as people are working with sort of the shales all over the country. I mean it's a revolution in terms of what's going on there. That's the strength of the economy. I think what Tony was alluding to correctly so is that there, obviously, is some impact that's being felt through the economy from the issue of the reversal of the cuts on withholding. And at year end, those reversals and no one can be sure exactly what's triggering what. You've had huge tax increases on upper-income people. You've had the sequester. And so economists generally said that with those 3 factors, you would have a negative impact on the economy in the 1.5% to 2% growth rate and you'll have some of these other offsetting factors. And so that leads you to a sort of a compromised growth rate. So you don't see the strength all through the economy the way you wish you did. And then confidence levels over the last few months have been down in large part because as you watch what's going on Washington, you really have to shake your head, and how do you maintain confidence in an optimum way when outcomes appear to be pretty suboptimum. And so you put that together and I think you've got a scenario in line with what Tony is talking about, but you get there different ways. And our different businesses are impacted in different ways because of them.
Hamilton Evans James: And if you peel back and look at it by consumer, the sequester, the payroll tax, the Affordable Care Act, those things hit the low-end consumer a lot harder. We're seeing the low end of the consumer even stepping back a bit, but the high-end stays pretty strong. And of course, it's also got it's regional overlay, like, for example, in England which is doing very poorly, overall, London's rocking and the rest of the country's suffering. So you see some funny patterns, as Steve said. It's not homogeneous in that way. That's reflective of -- and you weren't asking about our portfolio of companies, I know you're asking about the overall environment. But it's kind of -- you see these pockets of strength, pockets of weakness, but overall, pretty anemic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Chen with Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Steve, on realizations, you know the meaningful pickup in activity, particularly in private equity. Just given all the value have in the ground of real estate, I was hoping you could talk a bit more about your process of selectively culling, lining up the higher-quality properties and preparing the market for just more active harvesting within real estate specifically?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Well, we've got a very interesting situation in real estate. We own wonderful things that appear to be going up in value a lot. So our timing of putting investments in the ground has been really good. We've been the largest investor in the world, by far, over the last several years globally in real estate. And we do sort of a regular analysis of what what's -- of what we think has sort of reached its improvement potential. I mean, Jon Gray is a -- got a very snappy description of our real estate business, which is buy it, fix it, sell it. And so when we're past the fix it part of the equation, then we look to sell it. It depends where the markets are in terms of availability of capital at that point. If we think capital is going to be rushing into an area then you'd rather wait a little bit because the price will go up. But we've got a lot of things that we're actively contemplating, and I really can't say more than that. We're on the good side of the cycle for sure in terms of realizations in real estate.
Howard Chen: Okay, great. And then just my follow-up more broadly on harvesting. As you said, you're beginning to active -- more actively harvest. And yet the pipeline, if you look at your portfolio value, net accrued performance fees, they're refilling faster than you're harvesting. So my thinking is maybe we're all underestimating the magnitude of this harvesting cycle versus prior ones. You've seen a lot of these cycles. Steve and Tony, I'm just curious how you think about that.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I'll answer that one very quickly and Tony can add. I think the issue is really the strength of the economy. If we had an economy that was really moving along, you'd see a lot of stuff being sold very quickly. And so part of it is just responding to that. And when the time is right, there'll be an enormous volume of stuff. Like in every cycle when you get closer to the midpoint of the top of the cycle, there's enormous M&A activity. And it's not because we need realizations, it's the way the system works. And we've had a system that's been beaten up hard by the financial crisis, but part by the governmental response to it and confidence being lower than it would normally be. And at a certain point, that'll burn off and then there'll be a lot more. So I don't know that it changes things in a material way. It's just looking at what's going on in society. And when we have great assets, we want to make -- get a great price when we go to sell them.
Hamilton Evans James: So Howard, let me just, I mean, let me paint a picture for you. Imagine that the housing comes alive and the stimulus from the energy and this U.S. economy starts growing not at sort of 2%, but at 4%, which could easily happen out a ways. We get a little inflation, so the nominal grows 6%. Earnings of companies are very strong. The stock market which now has S&P PE of, say, 14, goes back to where it was at about 2020. The dividend yield of the S&P, which is the inverse of that sort of, would go from 2.5 back out -- I'm sorry, from 2-ish back down to about half from where it was before. So you've got a very strong market. You've got corporations with a very low cost of capital sitting on a ton of cash, and they want to go buy a bunch of stuff. And we've got all of these equities or real estate or whatever on leverage. So that, I mean, the math is simple, but if you have a -- if there's a company where 1/4 of the capital structure is equity and 3/4 debt and that value goes up 50%, your equity triples, all right? So I imagine what can happen in the right environment both in terms of the dollar size but also the returns. And we've seen this in the past. I mean, we -- I'm trying to think back, but back in 2000s -- early 2000s, I think it was our BCP III fund was I think $0.30 on the $1 and it ended up being 2.2x at one point. So the swing back and be very, very powerful and both in scale and in returns. So we're keeping our fingers crossed.
Joan Solotar: And on top of all of that, you have new products and new funds that are first being invested. So if you were only to look at one fund in isolation, what's been said is absolutely true. But now you have areas like energy, Tac Ops. Next year, you'll have hopefully BREP VIII, et cetera. And this is all are new money going in the ground that also contributes to the ENI. [indiscernible] The IPO is a new product.
Hamilton Evans James: I'll I'd add one [indiscernible].  In 2005, '06 and '07, we had 1 billion [indiscernible], and all the comments you just heard where we feel like we're more towards the beginning than the end. And the firm back then was at $75 billion in AUM. Now we're at $218 billion. And our performance fee-earning asset base is bigger than the entire size of the firm during those 3 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous.
M. Patrick Davitt: Is there a large incremental operating expense investment associated with raising or bringing in the large Asia real estate fund? Or is it largely using teams already in place from the legacy real estate business? In other words, what can we expect to see a big margin bump when that starts earning fees?
Hamilton Evans James: It's entirely, entirely with existing team. We've already been investing in Asia for 5 years. We have a fully built out team, and we don't need any more bodies.
M. Patrick Davitt: Great. And then sticking in real estate, to the extent there's an opportunity to sell individual properties, I imagine it's fair to assume that real estate realizations could continue to pick up regardless of what equity market environment is, particularly when you think about the size of pools of capital and the reason for the pool of capital that are forming from sovereigns, in particular, to buy that kind of stuff?
Hamilton Evans James: You're absolutely right. And in fact, most our real estate exits will not have anything to do with public markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: Tony, I think you mentioned on the media call beginning of an M&A pickup, and I'm just wondering if that's some of you are saying just from the broader market or that's actually coming from conversations at your portfolio companies or within the Real Estate portfolio?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, I was referring to the corporate market less the real estate, although there's a robust demand for high-quality properties on real estate side as well that's picked up. But on the corporate side, it's not so much from our conversations as what we see in terms of competition for properties. We see that through our advisory guys, the activity level of their clients has really picked up again. And the number of things they're looking at. So it's more observational than trying to imply that we were going to be selling a bunch of companies near term.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: Okay. And then within GSO, it does seem like they're out-marketing a lot of funds right now. Can you highlight some of the strategies and maybe the potential in terms of AUM goals within certain of those buckets?
Hamilton Evans James: Wow. Well, I think Steve mentioned, they've got CLOs in the market. They're just working on their distressed lending fund called Capital Solutions. That will hit it's cap shortly. They've got good strategies for retail products like a retail energy credit product for us. They have a product, they have a fund that does a loan, a private loan senior floating rates loan to companies that are small, so they're small business-originated stuff. They have -- help me out, guys.
Joan Solotar: The ETF, the [indiscernible].
Hamilton Evans James: The ETF, we mentioned. They have various SMEs that they're talking about.
Joan Solotar: And the hedge fund.
Hamilton Evans James: The hedge fund is always open and has had great results. So...
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: They have about 7 different...
Hamilton Evans James: 6.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Is it 6?
Hamilton Evans James: 6, yes.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Six different products that are currently available of note to investors. So I don't think we should be projecting for you exactly what each one's going to get. I've got my own assessment and my own fantasy life. So  [indiscernible]  with each one of those in terms of what they could be. But I think that it's fair to say that GSO will continue to be in a major growth mode.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelly with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley: I wanted to switch course a little bit to the BAAM business, and just hoping you guys can give little bit of color on the latest trends in your LP dates, who the incremental subscribers are, and particularly is that an area where you can get meaningfully bigger in high-net-worth and  retail?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, BAAM gets half of its flows from its existing investors, so we have very happy investors. As you can tell from tracking it, the inflows are way more than the outflows. And in effect, this is a custom-designed business. The days when this was all fund-of-funds business selling a standardized product is like way over. And the people who have stayed in that model have shrunk and this whole industry of the "fund-of-funds" is about half of what it was before the crash, and we've increased our size significantly. And so what we do is, we're designing different types of products. We're putting overlays on the portfolios to enhance performance. We're coming up with new drawdown products. We're hiring more people who are capital committers themselves. And we're evolving this model in a way that works for the largest institutional clients in the world.
Hamilton Evans James: And I would say the client base is still largely institutional, but we have some retail products out there. We have a registered investment company that started up last year and -- in one retail system, and it's expanding to other retail systems. So we have working on some fine contribution products in that area, which can be also embedded in insurance and other things like that. But for the most part, it's still institutional money. On -- in the terms of the composition of institutional money, the -- they've gotten more -- it's the U.S. investors account for smaller percentage today. They're still growing, but the faster growth,  I guess, a better way to put it, is coming from the international side
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And we do all kinds of really sophisticated types of modeling for these large clients and way beyond just efficient frontier-type of stuff. And they increasingly are working closely with us on relying on us to help them with allocations within this type of area and some other types of areas.
Matthew Kelley: Okay, great. And then one follow-up for me, and sorry to beat a dead horse. But on BCP V, again, a good move this quarter, still only 28% of the unrealized investment looks like are public. So how should we think about that going forward with some of the public with the S-1s you have on file? And maybe if you can help us understand maybe where Pinnacle or other investments have been marked prior to taking them public, so we can understand kind magnitude of the -- some of the lift going forward?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Just -- I'll let LT handle that, but just in concept, we were like 9% away from an enterprise value from getting it to carry. On the other hand, the -- we're measuring that against an 8% hurdle that keeps moving against us, and so we need to create value in the companies above that moving 8% target, which actually is a little higher when you add some fees. So one of the ways to think about it is that typically and historically, when you take the numbers LT was discussing, that when we tend to realize investments historically, they've been like 25% to 30% over the mark that we have. So as you analyze the situation, and that's a hard thing to do just based on faith, but historically, that's what it's been. So that's on the equity side, not on the whole enterprise side. So the way I try to think about this is if we continue to improve the company and the markets are hospitable, we should have a built-in pop if the future is like the past, which gets us in a better position to eat up that differential.
Laurence A. Tosi: The only thing I'd add to that is -- you're referring to the 28% that's currently public. Of the 3 IPOs or S-1s that are on file that Steve mentioned in his comments, 2 of them are relatively large investments and that would be SeaWorld and Michaels. So you could see a considerable increase in the amount that was public as those convert from our private holdings to public. It could be 10 percentage points or more depending on the final valuation if you have the starting point of 28% as public today.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry: I just have a question on Tac, Tactical Opportunities. Can you talk little bit about the strategies that you foresee within Tac Ops as a franchise? I guess, how big that could be? And then also how to think about the velocity of money in that fund relative to the rest of the Private Equity franchise?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: The Tac Ops is really like a terrific initiative, and I don't say that in a self-congratulatory way. I say it from an opportunity set perspective for us. And it's, I think, among people who do what we do, the only opportunity for investors to buy something that basically tries to get the most interesting things that you'll find in both private equity, real estate, hedge fund area and credit. There's nobody else who does all these things, let alone does each one of them at a worldscale level like we do and has like great results in every one of those areas. And so by combining that opportunity set and being able to look across the firm, we do a number of things. As Tony mentioned during the earlier call, the performance has turned out to be quite good, sort of at the moment and is sort of in the mid-20s, even though we were only shooting for 15. But what's important about it is that when we work with the largest pools of capital in the world on this -- on this fund, there's an enormous amount of interactivity between us and the senior people in those institutions. And what they're doing is they're going to school off of us and learning how we see what's going on within these asset classes, and we have interaction with them every week or 2. And this is like an opportunity for them if they follow what we're doing and if we're correct, which we, more or less, have been over many years, for them to impact their portfolios beyond what Tac Ops does for them and make major impact on the rest of their portfolio. So Tac Ops is way more important than just Tac Ops for those institutions. And what we're finding is that no matter who we sign up for this, they love this because they're keeping up-to-date and learning from us and improving the rest of their business. So the potential for this, I think will continue to size, and I've got my own number, but my General Counsel is probably telling me not to tell you, as he's just like using his hands to tell me to not go there. But it's a product that I think is going to grow. And the consumers' happiness with it is like really high. And word of mouth as well as the strategy is, I think like a really, really compelling winner.
Hamilton Evans James: And let me just flesh out, Marc, some of the -- it includes things like real assets, ships, shopping centers in Brazil, some different things that includes nonperforming mortgages. It would include intangible assets, royalties spectrum,  mortgage servicing rights, could include small equity investments. So it's got a lot of different interesting components and it's global. It's across all asset classes. It's focused on illiquid assets, and it's trying to take advantage of things that no one else can really play today.
Marc S. Irizarry: And the velocity of the money in that strategy versus private equity even by the name tactical, do you think it's maybe a little shorter term, if you will?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, so in a typical Private Equity fund, the investment period is 6 years. This investment period is 3. So you would expect the capital raise to be put to work quicker in general.
Marc S. Irizarry: Okay, great. And then just want to follow-up on the comment of having, I guess, many more funds in more places as a business and maybe fewer bigger funds as you've had in the past, how -- when you look at your lineup of strategies today, how much investing do you have to do in the overall franchise to sort of build out the places that you want to be in, the strategies you want to invest in and sort of what's the outlook for margins then?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, okay, so I don't want to say there's any fewer bigger funds. It's the same number of bigger funds, but there are in addition, a bunch of more focused funds that are  hung around that central core. And we basically have in place the vast bulk of the architecture we need for that. That's not to say like, for example, in the last 12 months, private equity put a senior guy in Australia, real estate put a couple of guys in Australia. But in terms of your modeling and whatnot, it's just a continuation of the past. We've always invested ahead of where we need into the future and there's no spurt of costs. If anything, I would say, we're growing some of the products into the capability we have and that should be catch up -- we should -- our products should catch up to our infrastructure and not the other way around.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski: Yes. I was just to follow-up on the earlier question about the exits. And I'm curious, if you compare the mix of exits today, strategic versus the IPO and then -- I mean, it seems to me, most of their exits these days are these laborious IPO followed by years of selling down in secondaries and obviously it's much quicker and easier if they're strategic exits. And I'm curious, is the mix different than it was in other cycles? So if you go back to the early 90s and 3 or 4 years after that recession, is it typical that the strategics don't get involved until later or are they unusually gun shy here?
Hamilton Evans James: So let me just level-set here. We have 4 basic ways that we exit investments. Just for your purposes, we exit investments through IPOs, we exit investments through strategic sales, we exit investments through secondary buyouts and our sales to another private equity firm, and we exit investments through dividend recapitalization. So 4 basic ways of doing that. At any point in time, there's usually one market or another which is up more robust. And there always has been, so there's no typical cycle. So in this cycle, the strategics have been relatively quiet. And so -- and then lately, we've done a lot of dividend recapitalizations and a lot of IPOs. I want to come back to the IPOs in a minute. And then before the cycle, what I -- let's say, before the last 9 months, most of the exits of the industry were in secondary sales to buyout firms. Credit markets got hot before equity did, so you could do dividend recapitalization or you can do just secondary buyouts. That's now more towards dividend recapitalizations as the company has a pretty good growth ahead of it and IPOs, and that will probably morph more towards strategics at some set some. And the pattern of that ebbs and flows as different market segments get relatively more robust or less robust. And I don't think this cycle feels any different fundamentally than before in that way. Now the one thing I want to talk about IPOs is very often, I -- you say it's a laborious process, and this and that,  once you get to the IPO, then, I understand what you mean by that. But quite often, you get public and even before you've done your -- some time and not so long after that, a strategic comes and buys it. So the IPO can lead to a strategic exit just as much as it can lead to laborious sell downs, if you will.  So -- and then we don't actually mind that laborious sell down process quite so much because usually with the IPO, we price the deals to make it a good experience for the starting investors. We very rarely think we're actually getting full value in an IPO. To the contrary, we usually think we're selling the first piece  at a bargain. Even though, that's typically above our mark, it's much less than we aspire to sell at. And so holding that money longer, letting a good company and a -- grow and a good management team do it's thing, you might IPO it at 2x your money and you might aspire to ultimately realize 2.5x, 3x your money if you have to wait a couple of years for that, added 25% to 50% gain and it ain't bad. So we don't mind that, we don't find that laborious. We just think of that as part of the process.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for joining the call, and again, feel free to follow up with me or Weston after for questions.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of External Relations and Strategies. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, Erica. Good morning, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release slide presentation illustrating our results available on our website. We're going to file the 10-K at the end of next month. So just to remind you, the call may include forward-looking statements which, by their nature, are uncertain and outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of the 10-K. And we don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. We will refer to non- GAAP measures on the call. For those reconciliations, you'll find them in the press release. And I also want to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. Moving on to the results, just a very quick recap, we reported economic net income or ENI of $0.59 per unit for the fourth quarter. That's up from $0.42 in the fourth quarter of last year. We reported a full year ENI of $1.77 per unit for 2012 and that's up sharply from $1.38 in 2011. The improvement was driven mostly by growth in fee-related earnings due to higher asset levels, as well as greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets really across the board. For the fourth quarter of 2012, distributable earnings were $449 million or $0.39 per common unit. That's more than double last year's fourth quarter. And for the full year, we generated distributable earnings of $0.85 per common unit. That's up from $0.60 in 2011. You probably -- well, we'll be paying out $0.42 per unit distribution related to the fourth quarter to common unit holders of record as of February 11, and this includes the true-up from the first 3 quarters of 2012. So that payment date will be February 19, which hopefully you've noticed has moved up about 6 weeks from last year's payment date. For 2013, we've made a change to the distribution. We've increased the base quarterly distribution by 20% to $0.12 from $0.10, and we're also going to pay out the excess net cash available on a current basis so that there won't be a fourth quarter true-up. Investors will just get the cash earlier. And then one final note from me, we're going to host our third Blackstone Investor Day on Friday, May 3. That will be in New York at the Waldorf. We've sent out a save-the-date e-mail, but if you didn't receive it and you want to attend, just follow up with me or Weston Tucker after the call. And in addition, let us know if you have any questions and we'll hopefully speak to you later. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Good morning, and thanks a lot for joining our call. The fourth quarter capped a successful and eventful 2012 for Blackstone as we continued our trend of strong growth and performance against the backdrop of market volatility, political dysfunction and regulatory uncertainty. We grew our earnings by 30% to $2 billion, our best performance since becoming a public company. And our distributable cash rose 48% over $1 billion. We ended the year with record total assets under management of $210 billion, up 26% year-over-year, marking yet another year of double-digit organic growth, despite the fact that several of our businesses were already the largest in the world. We've grown assets in average of 28% per year over the last 20 years. Today, we remain the only alternative manager with leading scale and performance in all of the major asset categories. And as a result, I believe Blackstone remains the global leader in the alternative space. As we continue to take share in all of our businesses, our scale and leadership helped drive a virtuous circle of better performance and further growth. We've had consistently strong investment performance across market cycles since our inception 28 years ago, and 2012 was no exception. Our Private Equity funds rose 7% in the fourth quarter versus negative returns for the market. This shows the uncorrelated nature of some of these things, with strong gains in both of our private and public portfolios of 6% and 10%, respectively. The Private Equity funds rose 14% for the full year, also beating the markets, with basically all of the return coming in just the second half of the year. Our BCP V global fund had a gain last year of $2 billion, almost entirely in the second half as well, although it did not drive carry because it is not -- it is currently below the preferred hurdle and is now being held at 1.2x cost. Our current to BCP VI fund and our energy fund in Private Equity, however, are both above their respective hurdles and are marked at 1.2x and 1.7x respectively despite the fact that both funds are early in their investment periods. In addition, our BCP IV fund has $2.8 billion of capital still in the ground and that fund is marked at 2.7x cost, including realized proceeds for a net IRR of 37%. So when Private Equity works, it really works, much like it's doing for our 2 current investable funds. Our Real Estate business saw a similarly strong performance in 2012, with our opportunistic funds appreciating 14% for the full year and our debt strategy drawdown funds up 13%. Our debt strategy hedge funds appreciated 18%. All of our global funds, as well as our current European Focus Funds in Real Estate are fully in carry. And as of year end, we had accrued $1.3 billion in carry net of compensation in our Real Estate business. Our BCP VII global fund, the biggest in the world, which we've been investing for about 1.5 years has already achieved a net IRR of 31%, which is actually pretty amazing. Moving on to our Hedge Fund Solution business, which had a composite return of 9% in 2012. This is roughly double the HFR benchmark, which is what's used in the hedge fund world. So we're earning double the benchmark, with only 1 quarter of the market's volatility, which again, is pretty unusual from a risk perspective. Our size and reputation continue to give us a competitive advantage, and we've generated consistent top quartile or, often, top decile returns over the last 1-, 3- and 5-year periods. And as Tony told you on the earlier call, is one reason why we're rapidly gaining share in this business. And our Credit business had a truly standout year in many regards, but notably, in terms of fund performance across all of their strategies. Within our flagship funds, Mezzanine returned a net 26%. For those of you who really follow this stuff, Mezzanine is supposed to be earning a lot less than equity returns, and this is a 2007 Mezzanine fund earning 26%. Our rescue lending fund was up 16% and our credit hedge funds rose 13%, all of these dramatically beating benchmarks. In terms of fundraising and innovation, our consistently really strong performance across all asset classes and through all market cycles is a critical differentiating factor for us versus other asset managers. We seek to preserve and protect our investors' capital in down markets. That is a prime tenet of how we run the firm. We're here to preserve and protect our investors' capital. And we harvest our gains when the markets are more constructive, which is something we've told you about over a period, and now we're moving into this period. And this stability and consistency results in deeper relationships with our LPs and a greater share of wallet with them and strong long-term relationships. We've raised at Blackstone $34 billion of capital in 2012, which is actually a pretty stunning number, and that excludes the assets we acquired by buying Harbourmaster and Capital Trust. During the fourth quarter, we had a first close on our new rescue lending fund in GSO, which has already reached the size of our first fund at $3.3 billion and we expect will reach the $4 billion to $5 billion this year for that fund. Also in our GSO area, we priced our third CLO of 2012. If you remember, that market was dead as a doornail 2 years ago, raising over $500 million, bringing our CLO and other customized credit strategy fundraising to $8.5 billion for the full year. In both Credit and Hedge Fund Solutions, our ongoing diversification continues to drive strong asset growth. Our Hedge Fund Solutions segment reported $2.4 billion in net inflows in 2012 or $2.8 billion, including the January 1 subscriptions. This represents 8% of the aggregate inflows of all hedge funds. Sometimes these calls throw a lot of numbers at you, but imagine that we've raised 8% of the aggregate inflows of all hedge funds just at Blackstone. It's in sharp contrast to the continued outflows for the traditional fund of funds industry. Through ongoing innovation of our customized solutions business for our clients, we've completely differentiated ourselves away from a traditional model. The result is that of the top 10 fund of funds managers 4 years ago, our Hedge Fund Solutions group is the only one that has grown AUM and we've doubled in that time frame. Every other manager has lost assets, so I think our team there, led by Tom Hill, has really been doing something very right. In Real Estate, we began fundraising for our next Debt Strategies drawdown fund, and we also started raising our first dedicated pool of capital in Asia. It's a very important initiative for us to become the most active, opportunistic Real Estate investor in Asia, deploying $1.5 billion over the past few years, plus building a deal team of nearly 50 people in 6 offices. So this fund is a natural extension of our efforts there. We're often asked, "What is Blackstone's asset mix going to look like in a few years and what are our fundraising targets?" The hallmark of our firm continued growth is innovation, targeting opportunities that are new in the market and launching new products to help our limited partners where we can take advantage of these opportunities to maintain our track record of strong performance and help our investors. Our culture is built upon this. Over $70 billion of our current AUM of 210 come from new product, strategies and regions where we didn't even have businesses 5 years ago. So this is a business that prospers with innovation and it's necessary. Today, we have a total of $35 billion in dry powder to invest over the coming years and our product innovation should continue to create new and unique investment platforms for our investors who are our most valued relationships. Now in terms of capital deployment, we've been very active in putting our capital to work. Our investment pace has been at record levels, which is a good thing, with over $18 billion in total capital deployed or committed in 2012 and over $8 billion in just the fourth quarter. Following a record year of issuance that we talked about earlier with Tony in both the investment-grade and leveraged finance markets, the financing environment for new deals in 2013 remains attractive. Credit spreads are trending at mid-cycle norms, and what that means in English is that spreads have come in or getting to a bit more traditional relationships. But with benchmark rates at historic lows, borrowers are able to lock in favorable rates. Credit issuance remains mix of funding for new LBOs, dividend recaps and opportunistic pricing, while asset prices have increased in certain sectors and regions, and that happens when credit comes in like that. We are still seeing attractive opportunities in many places in the world, including energy, which has been a huge exposure for us; distressed and overleveraged real estate where we're the largest in the world; India, where it's a good time to buy because it looks like it's not as strong as it's been, that's usually when you want to make your bets; and consumer finance. In credit, the search for yield continues to drive demand for products. With the Fed driving rates down to less than 2% for treasuries, people are really starved for yield. The pullback by banks has resulted in a lot of opportunities for the firm. Now in terms of realizations, if we think about the environment, our investors saw us preserve and grow their capital in the last down cycle. And we talked about that and we weren't as popular with you because we didn't sell things at low prices to make you happy. Well, now, we're making you happy. And now, I think it's becoming increasingly evident that we're reaching an inflection point in terms of realizations assuming markets remain constructive. We've had $12.6 billion of realizations in 2012, with 1/2 of that in just the fourth quarter, so it shows what happens when things line up for us in terms of scale. This drove realized performance fee and Investment Income revenue of over $720 million for the year. Roughly 1/2 of our performance fee revenue in 2012 was from our annual incentive fee businesses within Hedge Fund Solutions and credit, which generally crystallized in the fourth quarter. So that's when you see it. As these businesses have grown and more assets move above high water marks in the case of Hedge Fund Solutions, the ability to generate annual incentive fees becomes much greater and much more predictable. Fourth quarter realizations picked up for both Real Estate and Private Equity as well. We sold our Sunwest senior living business, a $220 million investment, at a multiple of invested capital of 2.4x after a 2-year hold period. When Real Estate works, it really works. 2.4x your money in 2 years, if we did that with every piece of Real Estate, we'd be managing most of the money in the world. But it does happen and it isn't just an odd outcome. Real Estate. Given the maturity profile of our assets and the buy it, fix it, sell it approach, and the underlying bid in the market to stabilize assets, particularly with low yields that people are trying to run away from and get some more current income, we expect this year and next year to be substantially higher years for realizations than in the past few years. In Private Equity, most of our fourth quarter realizations were in BCP V, including the sale of Alliant Insurance Services to a financial buyer at a nice profit and the public offering of PBF Energy, which is a refinery business which we brought public at 5x our original cost. I believe the price was $26 a share and now it's somewhere in the low $30s, I think it's around $32, so that's not bad performance for about 4 to 5 weeks. We also completed another follow-on sale of a portion of our investment in TeamHealth, an investment in BCP IV, which generated a multiple of invested capital of 4x our investors' money, which, of course, generate significant carry over time for the firm. We've taken 8 companies public in the last 2 years, which we will sell down opportunistically and we've had more pending, including filings for SeaWorld, Pinnacle Foods and Michaels. And by the way, at SeaWorld, we're opening a new penguin area. It's going to be absolutely fantastic and you should definitely go down there and take your family because I'm seeing what the thing looks like and it's fun. We actually had 2 penguins here at the firm a few weeks ago on our board room table. I don't know, I'm not sure exactly what that thing about is, but it was amusing. In summary, it's now been over 5.5 years since we've launched Blackstone's initial public offering. During that time, and who could have imagined it, we've navigated the worst financial crisis in memory, a deep and long-lasting global recession and massive derisking and deleveraging across the globe. Despite these momentous in depths, we've grown assets every single year, with strong organic growth in every one of our investment businesses because of the loyalty of our limited partners and their sagacity and the fact that we've protected their capital when almost no one else did. And we're really focused on servicing our limited partners. We've also paid out a cumulative $4.56 per common unit in cash distributions despite depressed realization levels. Our growth is indicative of the secular shift towards alternatives, that's underway it has been for quite some time. With increasing allocations driven by funding gaps at pension funds and endowments around the world and growth in the limited partner capital pools, of sovereign wealth funds for example, who haven't been in this asset class, who realize that the returns are much, much higher than conventional investments and the risk, in fact, is lower. And whenever you get high returns with low risk, money flows in that direction and that's our business. More importantly, however, our scale and performance are increasingly driving economic and competitive advantages in every businesses we're in, resulting in very large share gains for the firm. I'm excited, as you can tell, not always excitable, but I'm excited right now about our leadership positions we've built and reinforced for each of our businesses, including the remarkable people we have here at the firm. It's really a fantastic team of experienced people who are on a mission to do well for you and to do well for our limited partners. And I believe that as a combined firm, we're better positioned than ever to identify and make great investments, deliver a very solid outperformance and drive good returns for our public market unit holders. And with that, I'll ask LT to take over with the review of our financial results.
Laurence A. Tosi: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. A few thoughts on AUM and growth. The fourth quarter of 2012 provided a strong finish to another solid year by Blackstone by almost any measure. All of our investment businesses generated double-digit growth in assets for the third straight year, propelling total AUM of 26 percentage points to a record $210 billion at the end of the year. 90% of those assets came from pure organic growth, with the remainder reflecting assets we strategically acquired to broaden our investment capabilities. Over the past 24 months, Blackstone has had $96 billion of gross inflows and $61 billion of net inflows with the difference coming from the $35 billion in capital we returned to our investors. A few thoughts on earning drivers. Fund performance and sustained value creation are the primary drivers of Blackstone's business model and our financial performance. Our 2012 revenues grew 24% to a record $4 billion, on a 36% increase in performance fees to $1.6 billion and our continued fee revenue growth to a record $2.2 billion, which was also up 14% year-over-year. That continued strong revenue growth, combined with margin expansion, helped generate $2 billion in full year earnings, up 30% from the prior year. An important sign of continued momentum can be seen in the components of our $2 billion in earnings as the net realizations and fee earnings increased almost 60% of the total earnings, reflecting record asset growth and an increasingly favorable environment for realizations. The combined net realization and fee-earning components of our earnings have more than doubled since 2009, with the sharpest increase coming over the last year, particularly in the fourth quarter. The depth of that increase is evidenced by the fact that the $724 million in realization revenue was generated by over 200 distinct transactions across more than 60 funds in the last year alone. At the same time our earnings continued their fast pace of growth, we continued to make critical investments in capabilities across our platform, including expanded fund offerings, global opportunity origination, portfolio of operations, LP marketing and support and technology and risk management, all of which have helped generate sustained double-digit organic growth. We have made these disciplined investments in growth without sacrificing profitability, which resulted in 50% margins for the full year and reached 55% in the fourth quarter. In periods with healthy incentive fees, there's meaningful operating leverage to Blackstone's business model. A few observations on the balance sheet. Blackstone finished the year with $6.7 billion, grew $5.95 per unit in total cash and investments, of which $2.3 billion is in cash and liquid investments. Another $2.2 billion is in highly diversified investments, primarily in Private Equity Real Estate, which grew as carrying values increased and are now being held at 1.3x cost across more than 250 distinct assets in over 95 different funds and structures. Strong value creation drove our current performance fee receivable, net of compensation expense, to a record $2.2 billion or almost $2 per unit. The majority of that receivable is driven by more than $80 billion of assets under management in our mature funds, which currently paying performance fees as investments are realized. Newer funds, still in their investment period, are also growing performance fees that will set the stage for future cash realizations. A couple more comments on distributions. As Blackstone's earnings have steadily grown and diversified over the last few years, it affords us the opportunity to increase our quarterly base distribution by 20% to $0.12 per unit. Additionally, to create better alignment and timing for our unit holders, we will distribute cash earnings above $0.12 per unit in the current quarter as earned. Finally, we will also accelerate the payment of our quarterly distribution by nearly 6 weeks. In this case, we'll be paying our fourth quarter distribution on February 19 for record holders as of February 11. We anticipate that investors will better value the higher quarterly base and the accelerated cash flow. In closing, 2012 was an exciting year at Blackstone in which we have continued to see returns on the investments and decisions we have made over the last several years. With now almost 1,800 people strong in 25 offices globally, we have invested record levels of capital since the crisis and what we believe will prove to be attractive levels. Today, despite these activity levels, we still maintain an additional near-record level of available capital to invest in new strategies and ideas across the firm's businesses and an interesting time at global markets. All of us here at Blackstone have worked hard together to put the firm in this position and we are more focused than ever, not at what we've accomplished so far, but our outlook and what we have yet to achieve. On behalf of everyone at Blackstone, thank you for joining the call, and we welcome any questions you may have.
Joan Solotar: And if I could just -- before we take questions, we have a very large number of folks on the call and we now have 17 analysts covering us, so if you can, at least for the first round, just limit it to 1 or 2 questions and then just put yourself back in the queue, that would be great. Okay, let's go.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Steve, over the past few quarters, we've heard a tone of caution from you and Tony, given the low level of rates, the rallying equity markets, the fragility in recovery and this policy risk that we've all been talking about. And then today, we're hearing a markedly more positive tone or at least that's what I hear. So I'm just hoping you could add some color and maybe what you all see across the market in your portfolio companies that's maybe changing that mindset a bit.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, I think, Howard, that you do detect a different tone, and maybe I had one more cup of coffee than I should have. But we're seeing strengths in the housing sector which is certainly something new in the last 5 years or so. And that's an asset that is typically the largest asset that most Americans own. And there's virtually no place where housing is going down and there are many, many places where housing is going up. So I think that's an area of real significant change. If you look at autos, you're also seeing almost a doubling from the bottom in terms of order production. So that's saying something about something. And third, from traveling abroad pretty extensively, the impact of potential energy independence on our country, here in the United States, is viewed, forget how we view it here in the United States, but from the perspective of people abroad as a really paradigm-changing type of change. And assuming that nothing goes wrong with approvals to do frac-ing, and we keep producing these very large amounts of natural gas, this is an engine that could really drive real future growth in ways that are really wholly unanticipated. On the other side, I mean, you see these mediocre results from the fourth quarter in terms of GDP, not every area that we're involved with is showing that kind of growth. Some of that softness comes out of government spending and some other things. And so we don't have a free pass. But what we are seeing with our business is that the spread between illiquid securities and the returns we can make and what people typically can get, not necessarily from last year and the last half on the stock market but on fixed income instruments, is so huge that it's driving our business in terms of flows. And that compression will also increase the value of assets, may make it a little harder to set up some things, but it takes this huge amount of assets that we have in the ground where we've been improving these things. And it will create, in all probability, a pop in all of those asset values that you'll see washing through sort of our financial statements. And so that's the reason why you're hearing more enthusiasm from me. I'm sure Tony will give you something a bit more sober, but -- to the nature of our personalities.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, I didn't have any coffee this morning.
Howard Chen: Okay, great. And then for my follow-up, just circling back to Europe, Steve in there, you spent a significant amount of time, you noted in the past the irony that the assets haven't really -- the distressed assets haven't really moved because the marks have been too onerous for the institutions that hold them. So given the rallying that we've seen in the asset prices and the seemingly improved Basel III readiness that some of these management teams talk -- at least talk about, are you detecting any kind of change in that bid-ask in the region?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: The asset class that will trade the most is in Real Estate, not corporate stuff in terms of loans, and Real Estate still has some of the issues that you mentioned. On the other hand, what happens is different countries decide at different times that, in some cases, when those assets have gone into operations, which are no longer just private sector, when banks collapse and things get sold, some of those are starting to move. For example, we just bought a good-sized hotel in Dublin where we think we can go quite -- do quite well but we have to fix it all up and so forth. And so we're seeing a steady flow of those, but Basel III makes it somewhat hard for financial institutions across the board to just blow things out. I think in a funny way that as those assets increase in value will make it easier for some of those assets to move because they'll result in less write-offs and then we have to make sure that if we are the buyer of those, we can improve them enough to make our returns.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill.
Michael S. Kim: First, Steve, you touched on this earlier, but just on the realization front, things obviously stepped up towards the end of the year, so just curious to get your take on sort of the trajectory going forward as you kind of look across the Private Equity, Real Estate and Credit businesses and then just some of the drivers behind the continued step-up.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I mean, I'd like to throw that over to Tony because -- I mean, I can give you that answer, but nobody knows that answer, right? That's really the problem. It should be an acceleration just given where the Real Estate markets are moving. And if the stock market stays up, we'll see more and more of this in the Private Equity area. But I think Tony, you want to?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, I think Steve answered the question basically. Just to separate those 3 into categories, I don't see a lot of realizations near term in credit. We've had some pretty good realizations and the challenge, of course, for a lot of our credit businesses, our refinancings, now we're getting money back that we'd like to keep out there earning high returns because these companies were able to refinance cheaper. With respect to Private Equity, we had 3 big realizations, sizable realizations, at the end of the year. We've got 2 IPOs on file. We've got a number of other public companies that we're discussing, accessing the equity markets. So I would say that Private Equity will be driven heavily by the stock market as things now look at. We don't have a lot of strategic discussions going on, but we do have a lot of our companies looking at equity financings and equity -- and the distributions that will flow from that. Real Estate is where I think you'll see the big activity in terms of dollar scale because those assets are lumpy and there's a very good -- we've had them a long time. We've had a lot of assets that we've held since 2007 and there's a very good bid for those assets because cap rates are low and a lot of people want the security of hard assets. And the -- even though the economy isn't all that strong, the lack of building in commercial real estate means that commercial real estate results are very strong. Commercial real estate results are much stronger than the economy, if you will. So we're seeing stronger operating results in Real Estate than we are in our companies, which means that we're going to push those along further there. In other words, the [indiscernible] have matured quicker and then we've got a very good bid for them. So I think that's where you'll see the activity and I think you can expect 2013 to be bigger than 2012 and I don't really want to be much more specific than that.
Joan Solotar: I just want to add one more thing. We're now of the size where both BAAM and GSO have contributed pretty good incentive fees, and those crystallized in the fourth quarter, so there's a bit of seasonality to it. And assuming regular performance, that should continue.
Michael S. Kim: Understood. And then maybe one for LT. It looks like both base and performance fee compensation stepped down in the quarter. Was that just a function of maybe lower fund-raising activities on the base side and then maybe more of a shift in the mix of funds generating carry this quarter?
Laurence A. Tosi: It was a shift in the mix of funds, particularly with respect to where you see most of that occurring was in the BAAM and GSO, where they had very strong incentive fees. And typically, when you have a very strong incentive fee quarter, the base compensation number will be slightly lower.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research.
M. Patrick Davitt: There's an increasing concern about a 1994-like scenario in the credit markets, and given how big you've gotten in that business, could you speak a little bit how you prepare for a risk like that in terms of managing the risk in your portfolio of credit assets?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think our people in our credit area are reasonably wary of sort of the level of interest rates. I mean, the Fed has been very aggressive, as we all know, in terms of buying government debt and keeping interest rates low until they like, where the level of unemployment is, which is lower than where it is. And at some point, that's going to reverse and that's going to be one unhappy day for people who are very long, and that's going to happen. The only problem is, nobody knows exactly when it's going to happen, but you know it's going to happen. And so given how low interest rates are, there's a reasonable chance that you can get hurt if you're really not in floating rate, if you maintain a current position, you don't structure yourself well. So we've been significant sellers of some of that exposure and that's the way we're dealing with it, I'd say, with caution.
Hamilton Evans James: So just to flesh that out a bit, you can -- our guys have moved their portfolios shorter in duration. They've moved from fixed to floating. They've moved up the balance sheet. And they're sitting on a lot of cash and so -- on the portfolios where you can move. With respect to the drawdown funds which are illiquid -- long-term illiquid securities, their securities are much higher rate, 400 to 500 basis points above the rate that bonds in the high-yield market trade, because the spreads for illiquidity have widened out. So if the market backs up, you'd actually expect the spreads to contract a little, maybe somewhat protected, number one. Number two, they're typically -- their debt to cash flow is 3x to 5x cash flow versus 5x to 7x in the public markets, so they tend to be less levered and have bigger equity cushions. So we've taken approach that's, I would say, at this market, reasonably defensive and have still been able to earn some pretty good returns.
M. Patrick Davitt: Just finally, in BCP V, it looks like the realized net IRR fell 1% from 31%. Can you talk about the dynamics driving that?
Laurence A. Tosi: I think you might be, on BCP V, mixing a couple of numbers. So if you look where -- okay, Patrick, if I can for a sec, BCP V is now at 1.2x total MOIC, but I do think maybe you're just transposing numbers.
M. Patrick Davitt: I'm looking at the 3Q press release that shows a 31% net realized IRR for BCP V.
Laurence A. Tosi: Yes, that's just the realized piece, it's relative. That's on -- and that's on VI.
M. Patrick Davitt: Okay. It says V, I'm looking at it right now but -- we can talk about it offline.
Joan Solotar: I think you're just looking at -- you're comparing total fund to realization.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: I guess just thinking about investment opportunities, it sounds, based on a lot of your commentary, you're pretty optimistic about what's out there, as well as looking at 4Q pace of activity accelerated. So the $12 billion of AUM not earning fees today, kind of flow-through into the management fees over time, any ballpark at how we should think about that?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Well, for some of the reasons we've mentioned, that is to say, that general M&A activity is not all that high right now. And similarly, equity markets have come up and yields are low. It's been a better -- it's not an easy environment to put a lot of money out. I would think that in our credit business, for the reasons I mentioned, we're being cautious. In our Private Equity business, the general level of deal activity is lower, and again, the debt has pushed up prices, we're a bit cautious. And the Real Estate, we've had just been on a massive investment program with over $9 billion last year. That level is some kind of historic record and is clearly not sustainable. There's still plenty of stuff to do, particularly in Europe, which is lagging the U.S., and increasingly in Asia. But I wouldn't be counting on continuing to put out $9 billion a year. I think we've -- the wheels would come off this place.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: Okay. And then I guess just clarifying the change in the distribution policy with regards to the whole back, is it that just a timing thing or as you think, it decides your balance sheet and the need. The investment opportunities you see from a corporate perspective, have they changed at all?
Hamilton Evans James: No, they haven't. I mean, all we've done is change it. We've raised the base level of dividends because our business has grown and we feel like we can basically give investors confidence that they'll get at least $0.12 a quarter regardless of what all else happens in the world. And then we've just taken that true-up we had in the fourth quarter and just spread that over the course of the year, so people got their money earlier and we didn't have such a one big payment that some of us worry might distort trading patterns or what not of the stocks. So investors will get what they earn quarterly instead of having to wait towards the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Kelly with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley: Specifically on real estate, it looks like you invested about $2.1 billion, $2 billion BREP VII in the fourth quarter and maybe $3 billion to $3.5 billion over the second half of the year. So there was a little over $8 billion left there, are you guys close to or thinking about at this point raising BREP VIII? I know that's kind of a leading question but just curious how far out we may be based on the pace of investments you're making now?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, we still that's still a ways out there. And as I say, we don't expect this level of investment to be sustained. We do have, as you know, we have some other Real Estate products in the market and some of that will also affect the pace of investment of BREP VII. So for example, right now, if we do an Asian deal, 100% of it is funded by BREP VII. Once we have the -- we're in the market with an Asia fund, once we have the Asian fund, the Asian fund and BREP VII will share the deal, so I think it's a ways off still.
Matthew Kelley: Okay. And then the follow-up from me would be just in terms of BAAM, you mentioned that you raised 8% of funds for Hedge Funds last year. So going forward, I know that you guys have been able to take a lot of share in that space. You've been growing, industry has been shrinking. You think that accelerates from here or are we kind of status quo, and you take a little bit of more share? How are you thinking about that going forward?
Laurence A. Tosi: I think the Hedge Fund Solutions business, as far as BAAM, is a business that particularly thrives on innovation. And if you're just doing the exact same thing that you were doing before, won't be so happy for you. And so we have a lot of really interesting things going on in that area. We've got a terrific team. We've got a number of new products that will be in the market this year that we think are going to be very well received, that will keep that business growing. About 60% of our growth in a given year typically comes from our existing investors, who are looking for different approaches, different solutions and when we bringing products to the market, to the extent we've done a good job historically, we get a pretty good hearing. So I think it's really about introducing new things and managing what you got really well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: First question, you mentioned a few things on the seasonal side just in terms of the crystallization of some of the performance fees and credit and BAAM. The 2 other items I just wanted to get some color on is in BAAM just as it flows this quarter. Usually, it's relatively weak and then it starts to ramp up, so any color around that in terms of what you're seeing. And then just on the fee-related earnings, obviously, a strong quarter, some of that was driven by advisory in transaction in revenues. So just what you saw in the fourth quarter, any like lumpy items in the outlook kind of going into the 2013?
Joan Solotar: On BAAM, they are lumpy, as you noted, and we actually have a good pipeline going into 2013, not surprisingly because 2012 was one of our best relative performance years. And so I think that was the issue there.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: So I'll take a whack at some of that and LT, maybe you can fill in around me here. And just in terms of -- there were good couple of questions in there. In terms of the -- BAAM has got a couple of very interesting products in the market and we think that they'll continue to gather assets. I'm personally hopeful we'll do as well next year as we do this year. I do see any reason why we wouldn't. We think there's a long runway ahead, and I know the BAAM guys are talking about and they shut it up. Well now they have significantly greater AUM, let's put it that way, I don't want to put a number on that, as a long-term goal. I mean very significantly greater. With respect to the seasonality of the business, all of our businesses are seasonal actually, and one of the things that happened this year with the whole fiscal cliff negotiations and the tax rates going up, there's a lot of companies raced around and tried to do things to beat the end of the year. That might be selling assets, it might be paying dividends, it might be one thing or another. It also might just be companies wanting to refinance to take advantage of the low interest rates not knowing what would happen with the fiscal cliff and not wanting to have the risk of that happening. So our M&A, for example, business had the best fourth quarter in the history this quarter, and so -- and there were a lot of closing. So it was a rather frenetic fourth quarter and it was pretty much frenetic across the board, I would say. BAAM and GSO got the performance fees they talked about. M&A and the Advisory businesses had a bunch of closings, although they have those business still have pretty good backlog. Private Equity had 3, I think, significant realizations, 2 equity financings in a sale of a company. And Real Estate's both realizations and closings ramped way up. So all businesses really, they sort of got hot in the quarter.
Michael Carrier: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, just on BCP V, when you look at -- you've obviously seen some improvement in some of the performance. When you look at some of the key, like industries, the investments that you made, is there anything that's changing or anything that's improving to a level that you feel like it's worth bringing up, just in terms of the outlook of some of those areas because obviously, it's hidden in terms of exactly what's going on, but yes, the environment is improving and just any color on that is always helpful.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, Michael, it's pretty much -- it's the whole portfolio. It's a big portfolio. It's got 30 companies or something. It was up 7% for the quarter. The whole portfolio is doing well. It's not one thing and it's a combination of steady growth and the paydown of debt which created those 2 -- with the way LBOs work, those 2 things create equity value. Our public -- interestingly, I mean LT can probably tell you, but our public portfolio, we have a bunch of public holdings there, so of course that goes up with the market, but I think our private portfolio was up more than the public portfolio.
Laurence A. Tosi: In the fourth quarter, actually, the public was up more than the private.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think as you look at that, it's really about growth and it's really about valuation level. To the extent that you have a robust stock market, over the next 1 or 2 years, I don't know whether you will or you won't, but to the extent that you do, we share in that in effect disproportionately. And we do that because we have our companies on leverage, so it's, really, it's leveraged equity and so that's very helpful. To the extent that the U.S. economy or foreign economies where we have those type of assets, and I'm talking more in the Private Equity area now than some of our other ones, then we benefit from that kind of recovery as well. So those are 2 macro drivers that really affect us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup.
William R. Katz: Just I'd like to talk a little bit about the potential for realizations. I was wondering if you could comment on, in prior cycles, I think since you've been a public company, it's probably a little more lumpy, but in private cycles, maybe the relationship between the yield of ENIs sort of with fee-related earnings and realizations relative to ENI in prior cycles. And then within that, I don't know if you could even talk to that in particular business lines like Real Estate and or Private Equity at this point?
Joan Solotar: So generally, if you assume a 2x MOIC and a 4-year going in investment period in 4 years coming out, it will be a relationship of 2:1 over the life of the fund, net earned carry to management fees. Historically, we've actually done better than 2x. We've been close to 2.5x, so the ratio was even greater.
William R. Katz: Okay, that's very helpful actually.
Hamilton Evans James: And let me just make a note, too. So there's marks which are in ENI of course, and then there's realizations which are when those are crystallized and then ultimately paid out. Usually, when we actually realize investment, there's a markup even though we carry our investments at fair market value but conservative accounting is what it is and we try to be consistent on that. So when there's a lot of realizations, you also will have a tendency to have mark ups in ENI. And in both Real Estate and in Private Equity, our realized events are usually at a pretty significant premium to our carrying values as of the prior period.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes. Typically, over a cycle that's run historically in the 20% to 30% area over the mark, and some of that's just the timing that we're selling into a particularly good time, and so that would sort of affect that sales. So as we look at our own business, and everybody looks at these things differently, but we assume that when we're selling, we will have a better outcome than the mark. And then in almost every example, that really is the case. So that is the way it tends to work in the vast, vast majority of cases. It's not an equal distribution in terms of above and below historically.
Laurence A. Tosi: And so Bill, as I mentioned in my comments, we went back and we looked at exactly that through all the cycles back a long time, and what Steve and Tony just pointed out is absolutely true that you do have an uptick in the mark at the time of exit. But what we looked at was over the last few years, you've seen a strengthening of the component of our total earnings related to realizations and cash earnings. So as I mentioned in my speech, it's about 60% for the full year 2012, up from the high 40s in the last 2 years. So that's just -- it's an indicator of basically we call the different components of earnings.
William R. Katz: Right, I appreciate that. Okay. The follow-up question is just the realization cycle picks up a little bit, I think you saw this dynamic in the fourth quarter, fee-pay AUM relatively flat, notwithstanding the strong year-on-year growth. It's still hard to put the money to work and you're returning a fair amount, what's the outlook for fee-paying AUM? Can we expect that to flatten out a little bit in the short term here as we move to more of a harvesting period? Or you think you'd still grow that simultaneous with the pickup of exits?
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, it's a couple of things. You're right, obviously, when we have realizations, that it's net. I mean, I gave some stats in my speech that you're looking at $96 billion of gross inflows, net of $35 billion of returned capital and realizations gives you the $61 billion in growth. I think the third to the fourth quarter had 2 factors, is that if you look at the -- on the press release, on Page 21, it goes through the earning well for it. I mean you had very strong inflows, frankly, in the fourth quarter, $7.3 billion. The issue was you really had realizations and returns of capital of 8 and those really canceled each other out. So over -- looking forward, there's a lot of, as Tony went through, and Steve went through, there's a lot of things that we're working on, there's a lot of new products, a lot of innovation across the firm, and so I wouldn't -- we wouldn't describe it as a flattening at all.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry: Just staying on the theme of the fee-related earnings, LT, can you talk about the $12 billion not yet earning base management fees? It's obviously spread across a few different buckets. But how should we think about the pace of either the drawdown of that capital or just how it's going to -- the fee rates on that and what that means to your fee-related earnings?
Laurence A. Tosi: So if you look at that, Marc, the way to look at it is, the majority of that, let's say the 1/2, more than 1/2, $7 billion of the $12 billion is related to our credit funds, that's capital that's been raised, committed and will begin paying fees when it's deployed. So you'd expect that to kind of steadily work its way in over time. The same is true of the Hedge Fund Solutions piece, which is one of the -- they have drawdown structures within Hedge Fund Solutions that we'll also draw down over time. Real Estate and Private Equity is more transaction driven where, over time, they have reserve capital and other capital that they will deploy that will come in. So if that full fees in all those cases and the pacing, we think, will be relatively steady.
Joan Solotar: Just want to add one more thing just to the prior question on the trend. If you looked across estimates, generally speaking, realizations were underestimated. And therefore, fee-paying AUM was overestimated. So there's, of course, a relationship there because it's gross inflows, less paying back capital and if there were any outflows, which obviously in draw down funds you wouldn't have. So it is something to keep in mind as you're -- that as we're expecting accelerated realizations, particularly in Real Estate, and fundraising and some of those businesses as a step function, there's going to be quarterly periods where you'll have differences. And if you're selling a ton, you absolutely will see a flattening, if not the slightly declining trend in periods. Over time, we think industry is going to have greater flows, we're going to continue to gain market share and so we still see a positive trend, but there absolutely could be periods with flattening to decline.
Marc S. Irizarry: And then Steve, just a question on scale, in areas maybe where -- if we could take this route to places where you're subscale right now. And also, can you talk about some areas maybe where you don't see adequate capacity to grow. So I mean, maybe some areas where there's a lot of growth geographically, strategically, and areas maybe where there's the capacity somewhat constrained at this point?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: The way we think about it is, in each of our businesses, and in Private Equity, there's currently a lot of room to grow in the energy complex and we've got a fund that we've started that is absolutely shooting the lights out. I mean, it's like an IRR of 100% and it's 40%, 50% invested in 1 year. And the opportunity to grow that business very substantially is just right in front of you because with that kind of investment record and we've been doing this for, I guess, about 13, 14 years, we've never had a loss, it's a pretty remarkable performance. And I would expect that to be significantly increased as we go ahead in the future. And that's sort of like a pioneering step out, if you will. And I think, over time, we'll find other areas that are natural areas of concentration where we do things like that. We've got our Tac Ops business that came, started with some of the staffing, led by David Blitzer from Private Equity, where there's a very large capability to expand that kind of business. That's the only place in the firm where we mix Private Equity, Real Estate, Credit and Hedge Funds in one product. In Real Estate, there's just so many different areas to grow given the record that we have. I think Tony talked about the geographic expansion in Asia, which can develop a lot of different ways. We're already in Europe and the U.S. We have other opportunities of managing -- and we've got Mezzanine, which is principally a U.S. business. And so that can expand geographically. We also have managing the prospect, if we choose to do it, lower-type return real estate. At the moment, we're focused on the highest types of returns. And there's a massive market of sort of -- people who are actually seeking lower returns with less leverage. So the prospects there are really very, very substantial. In the hedge fund area, I think we've answered your question on that. It wasn't your question, it was someone else's question. In credit, we're actually quite geographically constrained to the United States, which is quite curious. And part of that is because of the rule of law and the ability to perfect security in other places. But we've moved Trip Smith, 1 of the 3 founding partners of GSO, was nice enough to go over to London, which is most people would not think as hardship duty, that's a fun place to live actually, London. And we're going to be developing a bunch of products for that market. And there are people who do lend a higher return money in Asia. We happen not to be part of that group. And longer term, that's a terrific opportunity given the growth there. So each of our investment businesses has a lot of white space, if you will, to be growing and expanding business, which is important, not just for the reasons of this phone call, but it's important to provide opportunities for our younger people as they grow up because the best thing we can do is take people who are trained in our core businesses and put them in these other businesses because they know how the firm looks at risk and reward, and you're just not dealing with people that you hire who don't have the same culture and the same focus on capital preservation.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel, Nicolaus.
J. Jeffrey Hopson: On the housing comments, I guess a recovery is good for your existing investments, but curious if you can tell us if you still see values there. And then in terms of your interest rates and credit, et cetera, I hear you saying you're still defensive, but I'm curious why you wouldn't want to, I guess, extend your own credit and perhaps even add leverage at the company level at this point.
Hamilton Evans James: Okay. Well, let me talk -- take housing first. As Steve mentioned, housing is getting a lot better but it's still way off the peak and we still have a huge number of foreclosed homes that have not worked through the system. And we still have a lot of stressed buyers, stressed people trying to -- barely able to buy a home and need to rent or not able to pay their mortgages. So, in my view, we're a ways away from anything where you'd sort of feel like things have fully normalized. I think what Steve was just saying, we're coming off like the body didn't even have a pulse and now it's gotten a pulse and that should be sort of tailwinds for the economy. And we agree with that, but there's still plenty of opportunity in the housing area and we -- our housing businesses in 12 cities, there are a lot of more cities to go to and not all as far along as the cities we picked, which is why we picked the cities we picked. So lots of opportunity there bottom line. In terms of the firm's open balance sheet, we issued -- we did a debt issuance a couple of months back, we thought were pretty great rates and pretty good maturity. Retrospectively, we were wrong. We should have waited and done it now, and -- but at the time, we were looking at near historic low rates and somehow they've gotten even lower. We're not intending to leverage up this balance sheet. We're in a business that doesn't need a lot of capital. I actually think we're entering a phase where these realizations and divestitures that Steve was talking about, where were going to actually throw off more capital than we need because the only place we use capital is when we co-invest with the LPs and as we put those funds out, the capital goes out. And when we harvest the investments, the capital comes back. So I think we're going to be in the phase where we're getting more capital back than is going out, and I don't think we need -- we're sitting on cash, we have a strong balance sheet, we want to keep a strong balance sheet. So I don't see the need or the desire to lever up.
J. Jeffrey Hopson: And what about at the investment level, into your individual company investments, would they want to extend those maturities?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, they're actually doing that daily. I mean, I think we have 4 or 5 refinances on the debt side going on as we speak. And in some cases, they are, of course, paying -- using some of that added capital to pay dividends. In other case, they're just lowering their cost of capital by refinancing existing debt. And some of the realizations that are -- some of the numbers that are in those realization numbers are dividends from re-levering the companies.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
Robert Lee: I had a question, you've raised, as LT has pointed out and you've all pointed out, you've raised a lot of capital last several years, it greatly expand a number of strategies, but as you kind of look at pools of capital, are there specific -- whether it's institutional asset pools in Asia or high net worth pools here in the U.S. or Europe that you think for you guys are particularly untapped and may be kind of refresh us on some of your initiatives on trying to tap those pools of capital?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I'd say we're a lot of places. And the greatest opportunities for us is cross selling our products to pools of capital. And since we're the only firm that really has this kind of scope, that we have a lot of opportunities to do that further. And in that regard, the easiest marketing you have are with people who you're already invested with who like you. They trust you, they know the firm. And as we come up with continual number of new products, this is a natural way to go. There are also new entrants who are not in some of our products who will be doing it and we have a pretty good competitive position to be able to be sort of first-in just because the investment performance record has been so strong over a long period of time that we also have a really good brand name that makes these people comfortable. So I think there's another trend that is also helpful for us, that almost all of people who put money into the alternative area are looking to simplify their lives, not make them more complex. They're looking to reduce the number of managers and move to the high-performing ones. And we qualify in that bucket in basically every business that -- line that we're in, so that also gives us a natural ability to pick up share. So we're taking advantage of all these trends that are going our way. Sometimes we open up a whole continent. In other words, we were the first people basically, other than domestics, taking money in Private Equity from South America. And that's going to be a growing area. It's not the biggest GDP area in the world, but as different parts of the world move to alternatives because of the performance characteristics, we know that people, there are a whole variety of accounts that we visit that we don't have money from yet. But we're going to get it because they're going to want to put it out and some of them are early.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, let me just jump in there too, Robert. Just to the -- the obvious parts of the world, which have big positive cash flows are accumulating lots and lots of resources and when they -- and sovereign wealth funds, all over the world, it's just not necessary that China, once you think there's all kinds of smaller countries would vary with their resource, heavy with -- and much of energy are revenues driven that have lots of capital. And for the most part, I would, in my own view, they are underrepresented in our kind of products and we'll be shifting more towards that and we're seeing that happening. And it comes in fits and starts, but that's one area where we think you'd see -- you can expect to see foreign investors in general but the big piece are wealth funds take more and more share from us, of our products. Secondly, it's high net worth individuals. If you look at high net worth individuals, across the board, they're 3% -- 2%  to 3% invested in alternatives, where as institutions are 20%, 25% invested. So there's obviously a long way to go there before we or any of our industry is really fully represented in the high net worth channel. And so I think that's another big target of opportunity for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Barclays.
Roger A. Freeman: Just 2 questions. The probably missing thing here in your comments before you -- you're talking about the markups on investments when you sell them and I think you said most of that in Private Equity was concentrated in BCP V in the quarter and I'm just wondering why they -- their threshold perhaps didn't improve more? I think it was 13% last quarter and then 12%, and probably a 3% return, and I'm just -- maybe the math's wrong, but wondering why it wouldn't been up more.
Laurence A. Tosi: I think, Roger, I think you're -- there's 2 concepts that you're mixing. The first one was Steve made a comment about that traditionally, and we've done research going back almost 20 years, that traditionally, the market we have before we go into an exit event is typically 20% to 30% below. The reason for that is under the mark-to-market rules, you can't take into consideration things like option premiums, et cetera. So there's inherent conservatism, if you will, built in marks. That's true in Real Estate and Private Equity. And Real Estate transactions take longer to get done, so typically, you have an earlier price indication. But separate and apart from that, well I think it was Tony's comment about that in the fourth quarter of 2012, BCP V had very strong returns, about 7%, and that actually pushed the total change in enterprise value necessary to cross the threshold down from 13% last quarter to 12% this quarter. So we're making progress against that. So they were 2 totally separate things, and I apologize if they got confused.
Robert Lee: All right, that's helpful. Then with respect to sort of the general M&A environment, you obviously had a strong quarter in advisory. I'm wondering, one, if that was more restructurings versus maybe more traditional M&A-type advisory? And then, two, do you think that the release for corporate, for strategics, the environment, the clarity has improved enough to kind of get the impasse, start to fall, with strategics not wanting to sell because of the political and other uncertainty, or is debt ceiling pushed off to May is still a big overhang?
Hamilton Evans James: Okay, well, so on the fourth quarter, it was M&A that had the big quarter, and it is a lumpy business. We had a couple of very big transaction close with big fees. But their backlog builds too, and their backlogs are not only the biggest it's been in a long time but the best quality in terms of likelihood of the deals closing. So that business is doing pretty well. But it doesn't -- I don't think you should read too much into that as to whether it's an indicator of the overall M&A market, because we're a small player in that market. Restructuring actually had a decent quarter and frankly, for us, it was probably a bigger pleasant surprise because we expected in this part of the cycle when troubled companies can finance out of their problems, it's that business to be much slower than it actually has been, and they had a great year and it's a credit to those guys to get a near-record year in an environment when I think that the whole restructuring industry is very slow. Sorry, Roger, what's your other questions?
Roger A. Freeman: No, just I guess, extrapolating your kind of view going forward.
Hamilton Evans James: Well, I'd be curious as to what Steve thinks about that. I noticed that we have some people saying, "Oh, it's going to be a big M&A year." And some people think it's not going to be. I'll let Steve comment on that.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think there's still a bit of an overhang from this political stuff and it's very hard making decisions when you don't know what's going to happen with the sequester, you don't know what's going to happen with overall GDP. You don't know whether the government's going to get shut down on a continuing resolution. And these are not confidence-inspiring uncertainties. And when you think the economy is going up and you pick up your newspaper and you find out that in the fourth quarter, it's actually declined GDP, it doesn't make you run out to your board and say, "Let's expand into this." So I think there's -- as Tony has said, there's a wall of cash in the corporate community and if there's something that's cheap, you'll do it. Is there enormous optimism that would make you want to buy extra capacity when there's still a lot of slack in the economy? I don't think so. There are some interesting things that you've got, value investors or whatever they're called today. They used to be called raiders, they have a more elegant name. Oh, yes, they're activists. We can actually learn something from these guys in terms of renaming themselves since Private Equity doesn't apparently have as much attractive marketing name as activists, not that we want to be activists, which we're not, but just the name change makes these guys better. But there are some discontinuities that create some flow in that business. I think on balance, we're in a better position for M&A activity, but I don't see us until the governmental stuff gets straightened out. And people know what the rules of the road really are going to be that will go into a really accelerated period. I would guess, since you put it to me, that, that sort of M&A activity will be up somewhere between 10% and 20% this year. I don't think it will be at the same level. But I don't see us as part of a V here on M&A activity. I'm not talking Blackstone. I'm talking on a broader basis. I don't know, Tony, you disagree or no?
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski: Just had a question about the credit business and how the incentive and carry are structured there and how one should think about it in a rising rate environment that Steve talked about earlier. Are they benchmarked against the performance of high yield? Are they benchmarked in terms of absolute returns? And if it's the latter, then during a rising rate environment, could one anticipate a nuclear winter for performance in carry in the credit business, if that happens?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Actually I don't think so because if you look at the composition in their business, they've got a giant CLO business. Basically, we're the largest owner leverage bank loans in the world, okay? This is like a big deal. And those loans flowed up, so they're not going to get hurt with that. In fact, it's a great place to hide and we've got some products if you'd like to put some of your own money in it. That's a good thing. On our drawdown funds, we don't make Mezzanine loans and rescue loans that are meant to be out long enough that basically you get crushed when things go up. Usually what happens, usually, is that when interest rates go up, it's often in response to an increasing economy. When you're economy is increasing, people will finance us out of those positions with higher stock markets and companies that get in better financial shape because their credit has improved, which enables them to flee us because we're basically custom manufacturers of credit extension and go to more normal types of areas. And the rates on the money we put out when it's fixed are pretty high. And so we don't have to force ourselves out at a bad time. So we actually don't have as much risk. We have more risk in our hedge fund, which is, I guess, about $3.5 billion. And we try and keep that hedged actually. That's why we call them a hedge fund. So but we take -- we try not to have that kind of exposure. So it's not like we're a long junk bond manager as principal who is about to get buried. That's not the construction of our business.
Hamilton Evans James: So let me comment a couple of other things there. First of all, the hedge fund doesn't have any hurdle at all, but it does have high water mark. The drawdown funds have set hurdles, they're not tied to benchmarks, but they're fairly low in relation to the spread that they earn. And the environment where interest rates go up, I think, will be a relatively strong economy, and the Fed will -- that's when the Fed will allow rates to come up. And in that economy, the drawdown funds have substantial equity interest, usually in the form of warrants on their investments. They're not usually just buying a fixed income security without an equity kicker. So what's tended to happen is, it's not a bad thing when rates go up for them so much because the duration of their holdings goes out. Right now, they're being refinanced and having to put that money to work out there. The duration of their holding goes up, they lock, they get higher interest rates longer and their equity interest become more a very substantial amount of money. A high proportion of the return is sort of the equity options they get for free when they put in money into a distressed company or a privates subordinated debt company. So a strong economy has an offset there. With respect to the senior debt business, of which a lot of what Steve mentioned is floating-rate -- was CLOs, but a lot of it also separate accounts and things, when rates goes up, those rates flowed up and they actually earn more money. And those are not -- and so they're protected from the marks. And if you look at the rate increase periods in the last 6 rate increase periods, you'll see that the best performing fixed income asset class, which had positive -- significant positive performance was floating-rate senior secured debt and investment grade debt actually had negative performance. High-yield debt, because of the high interest rates, had small positive performance. But floating rate senior secured debt had like 6% or 7%. My recollection is positive returns in rising interest rate environments. So I think we're -- and I don't think, as Steve started off as saying, I don't think it's going to be a problem.
Christoph M. Kotowski: And just as a follow-up, if you think back to your experiences in 1994 when you had the big increase, any other major pitfalls or opportunities that we should be thinking about in terms of your experience back then?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, I can say this, speaking for me, and Steve and I are both old enough, I'm afraid, that we're actually doing this back then.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: We're doing that unfortunately way before then.
Hamilton Evans James: The returns to the Private Equity world were spectacular then -- back then, but of course, the leverage ratios were huge and there was a lot of sort of the markets weren't as efficient, there was less competition. So I don't know, I don't know, lessons are hard to draw on that one, I think.
Joan Solotar: Thank you, everyone, and Weston and I are around to take follow-up calls.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone Q3 2012 Earnings Conference Call.  Our speakers today are Stephen A. Schwarzman, Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of External Relations and Strategy.  And now Id like to turn the call over to Joan Solotar.  Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great, thank you.  Good morning everyone, and welcome to our Q3 2012 conference call.  Im here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, our CFO. Earlier this morning hopefully youve seen that weve issued a press release and slide presentation illustrating our results and thats all available on the website.  We expect to file the 10(q) in a few weeks. Id like to remind you that todays call may include forward-looking statements which, by their nature, are uncertain and outside of the firms control.  Actual results may differ materially.  For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firms results please see the Risk Factors section of our 10(k).  We dont undertake any duties to update any forward-looking statements. We will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call.  For reconciliations of those please refer to the press release.  Id also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Blackstone funds.  This audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and may not be duplicated, reproduced, or rebroadcast without consent. So a quick recap of our results: we reported economic net income or ENI of $0.55 per unit for Q3.  Thats up sharply from $0.19 in Q2 of this year and up from a (-)$0.34 in Q3 of last year.  Improvement was mainly driven by greater appreciation in the underlying portfolio assets across the board in every one of our investing businesses. For Q3 2012, distributable earnings were $190 million or $0.15 per common unit  thats up 50% from the same period a year ago.  Well be paying the $0.10 per unit distribution related to Q3 to common holders of record November 15th.  As you know, well have a catch-up following Q4.  As always, if you have any questions on anything in the earnings materials please follow up with either me or Weston Tucker after the call.  And with that Im going to turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Schwarzman: Thanks a lot, Joan, and good morning, and thank you all for joining the call.  Today Ill briefly discuss the state of the global markets and Ill highlight our Q3 results in the context of what really matters in our business over the long term.  LT will then briefly review financial results and then well focus most of the time today on taking your questions, which we think is perhaps a little better approach than weve had in the past. As you all know we saw sharp increases in global equities and credit markets in Q3 attributed to massive liquidity from central banks around the world and in spite of very mixed economic data and pretty much slowing economic data around the world.  What does that mean for our business?  There are three things that matter that Ill focus on today: first, our LPs  limited partners  willingness to entrust Blackstone with the managing of their investments; second, our ability to deploy our investors capital into attractive investments; third, our ability to improve upon the assets we invest in and create value, which is eventually realized.  These measurements are more meaningful over time versus any one quarter, but Ill show you whats happening now. On the first point, investors are continually seeking those managers who can deliver good returns.  Today, investors around the world are seeking returns in illiquid investments, because returns from government  riskless securities, supposedly  or high-grade bonds are very, very low as you all know.  Beyond that, the pension funds are experiencing funding shortfalls which has been a long-running secular development.  We are in the midst of a mega-cycle where Blackstone stands out in having significant experience across the illiquid asset classes where the returns are substantially greater historically. Weve been the recipient of greater inflows from these institutional investors, in fact more than any of our peers.  Ill run through those numbers, but importantly the reason were raising so much money is because we are delivering good returns for our limited partners.  In Q3 for example, we had gross inflows across our businesses of $10 billion  thats in one quarter  for $38 billion over the last twelve months excluding acquisitions.  These are really big numbers. Combined with limited outflows, our ongoing success in fundraising resulted in record total assets under management of $205 billion, and that is up 30% year-over-year which is actually a pretty stunning number in terms of growth  30% growth year-over-year.  We completed our fundraising, for example, for our seventh Global Real Estate Fund which hit its $3.3 billion cap and was oversubscribed in addition. We believe this is multiples the size of what any of our competitors will be able to raise and it is a testament to our limited partners confidence in our business and our strategy, and our ability to protect and grow their capital in virtually any market environment. Also in real estate, our Debt Strategies Platform which is nearly $4 billion in aggregate size has launched fundraising for its next draw-down fund.  We grew this business organically from zero in 2008 and it now complements our opportunistic business nicely.  A few weeks ago we announced the acquisition of Capital Trust Real Estate debt business which will add $2.4 billion in AUM to the platform when it closes. In Private Equity we had our final close on our Energy Fund with $2.4 billion of commitments, and weve already deployed or committed 40% of this capital which really goes a long way to addressing any kind of J-curve type issues.  Our Tactical Opportunities Platform, which I think weve talked to you about before, which invests in attractive opportunities we see around the firm that do not fit neatly within the investment mandates of our existing funds is now $1.4 billion in size which is just starting to expand the marketing effort to a broader list of our largest LPs. BAAM, our Hedge Fund Solutions Business had another $1.7 billion in net inflows in Q3 and an additional $500 million on October 1.  On a year-to-date basis weve generated $3.7 billion in net inflows.  This continues our strong performance from last year when the traditional hedge fund of funds industry reported net outflows while Blackstone, with its differentiated Hedge Fund Solutions approach captured 10% of the entire hedge fund industrys net inflows.  In fact, we were just again rated the largest allocator to hedge funds globally. Weve differentiated ourselves from the competition and today we couldnt be more different from the traditional fund of funds model since we provide a superior level of customization and innovation to our institutional LPs. In Credit theres a whole variety of things that were doing, such as new CLOs, business development companies, exchange traded funds, a large mezzanine, and rescue lending fund.  Its a very busy time for our GSO Group. Were seeing good inflows and strong LP demand for our products and we continue to launch new products and diversify, and theyre all working.  At $55 billion in total assets, our Credit Platform grew 62% from last year or 32% excluding acquisitions, a huge expansion of this business in large part because were selling high returns in a world where investors are having trouble in some cases making money at all. A few weeks ago we successfully launched our third Closed-End Fund which trades under the ticker BGB, and raised nearly $1 billion.  Following the successful performance of our first Rescue Lending Fund, which we call Capital Solutions, were in the process of raising our second fund which is likely to start investing early next year.  In total, across the firm, weve amassed the largest global pool of dry powder to capitalize on market opportunities across strategies and across regions at $36 billion.  Thats money that ultimately well be investing on your behalf. Well remain prudent in how we deploy this diversifying by the region, [specture] and vintage.  But the potential earnings power of this capital is running through the firm is quite substantial as you might imagine. Moving into the second critical driver of value for our public market investors is our ability to source great investments, and this is actually the most fun.  In Q3 we maintained a very active investment pace, deploying or committing $6 billion across the firm bringing us to over $13 billion on a year-to-date basis.  Roughly half of this amount was deployed in our Real Estate business where we remain uniquely positioned as the largest capital pool in the world and are in many cases the sole bidder for properties.   Our strategy remains as Jon Gray would say it: Buy it, fix it, sell it where we acquire good assets that need improvement often in distressed or over-leveraged situations. Since Q4 2009 when markets bottomed, weve invested $17.6 billion across our Real Estate Funds which we believe we are the largest purchaser of real estate in the world.  We have high expectations for the ultimate returns we expect to generate on this capital weve deployed in this extremely favorable environment.  In Private Equity, while investors risk appetites have increased recently driving up multiples across most sectors and regions, valuations still look generally attractive relative to historical levels.  The environment remains fragile as I think you heard from Tony on the earlier call, and there is substantial uncertainty and hesitation in the markets. While it is the highest price of course that wins a competitive auction, we continue to focus on investments where we have some advantage or bring some unique value that we believe others cant.   We rely on proprietary sourcing of transactions and the majority of our new deals in Private Equity are exclusive.  We leverage the Blackstone brand name to be the partner of choice for entrepreneurials around the world seeking growth capital and for corporate partnership investments. During Q3 we closed on the first two tranches of our investment in Cheniere, a $1.5 billion equity investment to fund the construction of a natural gas liquefaction export facility.  With equity coming from our BCP VI Fund, our Blackstone Energy Partners Fund and [two] LPs who are co-investing in this.  Our financing in the construction consists of a convertible fixed security which is convertible at a price well below todays stock price and has attractive pick and cash yields features in the interim. As youve probably read, we also provided rescue financing to Knight Capital which is a company we were already looking at prior to the technology error that occurred in early August.  Wed already conducted diligence and were positioned to swiftly react and invest as part of a broader capital infusion funded by Blackstone and other strategic investors.  Our equity investment is immediately convertible into common shares at a level well below todays price, implying a substantial marked to market gain. The third notable private equity investment was Vivint, a large residential security monitoring and home automation company which also has a rapidly growing residential solar business.  It should close by the end of the year.  Lastly, at the end of the quarter, BCP VI and Blackstone Energy Partners  our energy fund  [signed] a commitment to fund a minimum of $650 million into a privately-owned oil and gas company which we expect will close before year-end.  Like Cheniere, this is a unique opportunity that was negotiated on a proprietary basis. The financing environment for new deals remains highly attractive and were seeing record levels of new issuances of US high-yield and leveraged loans.  No one could have predicted that one four or five years ago.  The new issuance is a mix of funding for new LBOs, dividend recaps and re-pricing  some of which reflect re-pricing from May and July, 2012, issuance where borrowers are paying to lock in even more attractive terms from what they negotiated just a few months ago.  In our credit business, GSO, we have one of the largest and fastest-growing platforms in the world.  We are well positioned to provide financing to good companies in the current vacuum of traditional bank lending and junk lending for smaller-sized companies as a rule.  We deployed $720 million from our Credit platform in the quarter and have another $5 billion in dry powder to put to work again in a very favorable investing climate. The final critical area for public market investors that Id like to focus on today is our ability to create value and generate outstanding realized returns.  This remains an area of misunderstanding about our business, that we are solely financial engineers generating returns via a manipulation of capital structures  and this couldnt be farther from reality.  We are true operators of assets.  We develop a bottom-up strategy of transformation before investing; we carefully select the very best management teams; and we breathe new life into broken assets.  But we propel great assets and management teams to the next level by providing much needed capital and advice that they could not access otherwise, and then we exit these investments when weve completed our work. Our business model is structured so that we can be patient about this process and take a very long-term view.  Long-term investors with patient capital, we make decisions based on the best outcomes over the life of the funds, which can be ten years or longer; and it takes time to truly affect change and correct issues.  Because our business is largely immune from investor redemptions, much different from a regular money management firm, we are never forced to sell assets into weak markets. Through market cycles and over our 27-year history weve generated net annualized returns on realized investments of 23% in private equity, and 28% in our global real estate business which dwarfs performance of virtually any other investment class.  Weve had $1.8 billion of realizations in Q3 across the firm, bringing us to total realizations of nearly $6 billion on a year-to-date basis.  Q3 included another follow-on sale of a portion of our interest in Team Health which generated a multiple of invested capital of 3.7x and $35 million of distributable earnings from just this one medium-sized investment. In real estate, you may have seen the recent announcement  I believe it was yesterday  of the sale of Sunwest Senior Living which BREP VI acquired majority control of out of bankruptcy in 2010.  The assets had fallen into disrepair and we invested substantial capital along with our partner Emeritus to improve them, increasing occupancy in two years by 900 basis points  9%.  Two years later we are selling the $225 million investment at 2.4x multiple of investment capital which is roughly 40% above the current quarters mark. Ill just repeat that for you  40% above the quarterly mark.  And I know all of you in the analyst community look at our financials as to where marks are, and weve had a historical experience of significantly higher exits than those marks.  The Legal Team would say we cant promise that in the future but that has been our experience  typically in the 25% to 30% area over our marks historically.  We expect the sale of Sunwest Senior Living to be completed in Q4.  If you can make 2.4x your money in two years when the stock market performance is probably average  I didnt do this math and well get it for you, but probably average; somewhere around 6% or 7% over a two-year period. This is a massive outperformance because this investment  and its just a for example  was compounding at 45%.  What we do for a living is do things like this and its really what justifies people giving us these very large amounts of money, because we think we can replicate very favorable investment outcomes.  This is a prime example of how our Buy it, fix it, sell it strategy works.  As we look at the maturity profile of our real estate assets that we expect 2013 and 2014 to be substantial years for realizations of funds that are fully in carry. In summary, our Q3 results demonstrate more of the same but with really substantially strong fundamentals in the firm in terms of positive trends as we continue to see strong capital formation and share gains in all of our businesses.  We continue to invest and build value across our investment portfolio, positioning ourselves to generate great returns for our investors.  We cant do that without the support of our limited partners and the absolutely terrific people who work at the firm.  This is really our biggest asset and where I think were in terrific shape. With that, Ill ask Laurence Tosi to take over with a brief review of our financial results and then well open it for questions.
Laurence Tosi: Thank you, Steve.  Good morning and thank you very much for joining our call.  Q3 ENI of $622 million brings Blackstones year-to-date earnings to $1.3 billion or $1.18 per unit, up 23% over last year and a record first nine months for Blackstone.  The firm generated $190 million in distributable earnings in the quarter, up 51% from the prior year bringing the year-to-date total to $540 million. Revenues were up 20% to $2.8 billion for the first nine months of the year, driven primarily by a sharp increase in values across all of our investment businesses generating performance fee revenues of $1.1 billion year-to-date, up 38% from the same period last year.  Blackstone now has over $2 billion in accrued net performance fees including $160 million or $0.14 per unit in accrued net incentive fees.  Incentive fees are typically realized on an annual basis. Over the last year alone, the net performance fee receivable grew 75% as a result of strong fund performance.  Blackstone reached a record $66 billion of performance fee earning assets in Q3, doubling from the prior-year period despite the fact that we had realization events which generated $8 billion in proceeds. Following on Steves thoughts on core drivers of value, Id like to offer a few thoughts on the core growth drivers at Blackstone.  A central characteristic of Blackstones culture is innovation.  That instinct is perhaps nowhere more evident than in the $82 billion of organic inflows we have experienced over just the last two years. Even more telling is the fact that $32 billion of the $82 billion in organic inflows comes from strategies that did not even exist four years ago and are spread across our four investing businesses, with each contributing materially.  Blackstones unmatched business breadth allows us to always look for ways to leverage our expertise in asset classes and markets to create new strategies adjacent to existing ones where we believe we can deliver consistent outperformance for our LPs across our distinctively wide range of industry-leading businesses. Importantly, all of these new strategies are built on our existing platforms, people, and expertise, which allows us to create lasting LP synergies by offering a deeper set of high-quality funds.  More than half of the investors in these organically-grown funds came from other Blackstone funds, a reflection of the sustained relationship building impact of our organic growth. Now, turning to a few observations about Blackstones balance sheet and assets: at the end of the quarter, Blackstone had $6.4 billion of total net asset value on the balance sheet, up 30% over the past year to $5.66 per unit, including $2.01 per unit in cash and liquids.  We retain our best in class A/A+ ratings. During the quarter, Blackstone took advantage of favorable credit markets and launched a $650 million bond offering.  While marketing our issuance to institutional investors, we were afforded the opportunity to highlight the fundamentals of our competitive positioning and our ability to create value: cash flow  long-term contracts generate largely redemption-free and consistent 30% cash margin across cycles; asset returns  realized cash revenues on assets is 2.5x that of traditional asset managers; operating leverage  normalized ENI margins are 10 percentage points higher than traditional asset managers; organic growth  Blackstone has grown 3x faster than the leading traditional asset manager since 2009 and 20x faster since 2006; and finally, yield  Blackstones results currently to date pay 2x the dividend yield of a traditional asset manager. Our investors enthusiastically embrace the message and the Blackstone operating fundamentals with $4 billion of orders in one of the most successful offerings of the year, driving the spreads at the offering and through to today 100 basis points tighter on our debt, largely wiping out the pricing differential between Blackstone and the highest rated traditional asset managers. Perhaps more importantly, the overwhelming interest allowed us to issue the first ever 30-year debt for an alternative manager and allowed us to fix in favorable rates on funding that gives us strategic flexibility to continue to grow our business organically and inorganically and create long-term unit holder value.  On behalf of everyone at Blackstone we thank you for your time in joining the call, and we welcome any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you.  (Operator instructions.)  Your first question comes from the line of Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.  Please proceed.
Howard Chen: Hi, good morning, everyone.  Steve or Tony, there have been moments in the firms history where your thinking has led the market.  You earlier identified the real estate crisis; you spoke about the tapering of growth in your private equity portfolio the last couple years, but what about now?  US housing seems like one opportunity where youre early to kind of be around the opportunity, but what are some of the others?
Stephen Schwarzman: Id say just to amplify on the housing situation and then we can go on to some others, but in terms of housing we made a judgment about six months ago, over a year ago and started auctioning things  nine months ago probably, although we can refine that for you, that we saw the bottom happening in housing, US housing.  And because were in so many different areas throughout the firm, virtually every one of these areas has decided on a strategy to play that. So for example, the Real Estate Group has thus far bought approximately $1 billion of houses.  We didnt buy companies; were buying individual houses.  This is hard to do  its somewhere around $150,000 a house.  And what were doing is were renting those houses to people who are either in them or were taking foreclosed homes and were renting to the people.  Its only taking 26 days from when we put a house on the market until somebody goes into it. Now, this is a very difficult strategy to do for almost anyone else because there is no housing market  there are just individual cities.  And so you have to set up the infrastructure to make sure that when you take control of the house the house gets fixed up; you have to find rentals and this requires experts all over the country.  And what were doing is were moving across the country, setting up first-rate operations everywhere.  Its not a secondary market where you want to buy size; youre buying individual houses. And were buying there, just for example, over $100 million a week of houses  I mean this is a lot of houses.  We have our GSO Group, for example, doing financing structures for homebuilders.  We have our Tac Opps Group buying nonperforming loans and not only that, were looking at investing in mortgage-related securities which we think have a very significant upside.  Our BAAM Group has its own strategy for taking advantage of this kind of play.  So this is the kind of thing that happens once every once in a while where you see something thats a market-turning trend, and we are loading the boat as they say, I guess colloquially, on this type of play which is turning out to be sort of a very wise thing. I think another trend were seeing is for smaller types of companies that are looking for capital with a banking system.  Although its strong in the  United States its not strong through medium-size to smaller-size banks  its more the large banks that have really done a good job with their capital.  And so were taking an approach with our Capital Solutions Fund of putting a top-to-bottom type of operation. Were looking in Europe in real estate.  Weve been the largest purchaser in Europe of distressed real estate bank loans, which we use to basically get control of individual properties or a group of properties and take advantage of the selling trend thats happening there. Another thing were doing thats really quite interesting, because on the call with Tony earlier we were talking about sort of our success in energy; and as a trend, energy is one of the really interesting areas in which to make investments.  And the reason is, theres way more demand for capital than the world has to give, and so the opportunity set is really very large.  The return, if you actually know what youre doing  know how to structure transactions to protect your downside from commodity risk and let the upside run  is very substantial; and our performance just on the Energy Fund which has been investing for seven months and has invested 40% of its capital is our mark in that Fund Can I say this, [John, about the market]?  Its like 1.6x investors money. 1.6x in seven months average?  Its outstanding.  This is like really neat.  So were seeing that as a very interesting trend.  I think we can take you around the world geographically and also by theme, and when we make investments it really has to fit into what we see as a compelling opportunity.   And thats why as Tony said, when asked the question how do we look at return, arent returns really coming down in a world that isnt as interesting from an overall growth perspective?  I may be giving you too long an answer, but were seeing in a way more opportunity around the world thats working for us.  I dont know if it works for everybody else but its working for us.
Howard Chen: Thats all really interesting and comprehensive, thanks.  Just switching gears, you focused some of your LP commentary on the larger institutions but I was hoping you just could update us on your efforts to get deeper into retail in the high net worth arena?
Stephen Schwarzman: Yeah, were very interested in that general area.  Weve always raised money to retail here at the firm.  Taking you back to the middle ages when wed started the company thats now called BlackRock with Larry Fink, the first two capital raises for what was then called Blackstone Financial  we changed the name when the business was sold, were big closed-end funds at retail.  And they were very successful offerings with terrific performance, and so we like that channel and we have a variety of potential fundraises through different areas. Thats a market where people need return as well.  If youre like sort of a normal type of retail investor and youve got surplus money, and youre looking at junk bonds getting down to the yield where they are  sort of the 6% yield , or youre looking at Treasuries; and I dont know where they are today, whether a 10-year is 1.6% or 1.7%  your opportunity to have a return if youre a retired person or almost any normal person who needs some yield, and you look at whats going on with our products that historically, and what we think were doing now is certainly mid-teens returns after fees It can vary a little bit based on the type of product, or sometimes higher, but if thats what youre looking at in terms of an alternative to world or central banks who are driving rates down to the floor, you know, the desire for our types of products is very, very high and were pursuing that because they become new, hopefully loyal sort of customers of Blackstone and we can sell other things to them. And as long as our performance is what it has been historically  very strong  well do more and more in that sector as well.
Howard Chen: Thanks, Steve.  And just finally from me, weve got a few policy events here in the country ahead of us over the coming months.  I realize your models built to weather near-term volatility but Im just curious, how are those events potentially shaping your thinking about being tactical or positioning the firm over the near term?  Thanks.
Stephen Schwarzman: I think thats a good question.  I mean over the near-term, Tony and I think about that a lot because youve got some real built-in volatility.  And as you get closer towards year-end youve got this issue of the fiscal cliff, what happens if you drive over the cliff?  Theres some people who want to do that for tactical reasons to create a panic so that it can be resolved by bringing all the parties together, and we dont view that as a zero probability. So in terms of fashioning what the firm does, I think we think there could be some risk to markets in terms of volatility as a result of that.  I think that our overall view, if we had to articulate it, is that there will be a solution to a global budget deal at some point next year.  I think we dont look for that in the lame duck; its just too complex  too many pieces and too little time.  But I think in that sense we believe that some rationality regardless of whos President will return and well start basically addressing our countrys problems, which our country is capable of doing. If we do that then I think we believe that growth rates should go up for GDP if theres visible elements of getting our house in order as a country, and that will also affect the global economy if we start paying attention to and resolving our problems.  So at least for myself Im actually somewhat optimistic on this although I think we look at the prospect of genuine volatility either around year-end or accelerated earlier as people declare where they come out  whether theyre going to kick the can down the road or just drive off a cliff and see if they can wreck the car when it gets on the rocks at the bottom of the ravine. So thats sort of how we more or less look at things.  Tony may have his own view on this one.
Tony James: I dont think were betting on a strong upswing.  As Steve mentioned, we think we caught the bottom of housing just about right and we were able to get conviction about that and then sort of find ways to play that conviction.  But other than that I think were cautious.  Yeah, this is an environment with slow growth and risk around that growth because external shocks could  whether that be the fiscal cliff or a problem in the Middle East or one thing or another  knock it askew.  We dont have the momentum where it could ride through much in the way of added headwinds. So were cautious.  Were cautious about markets.  The equity market has been on a tear; interest rates are really low, i.e. bond prices are really high and were cautious about economies.  So what we buy needs to be resilient under all those different scenarios that we test, and a number of the things were actually looking at play on continued malaise I would say, are premised on that.
Stephen Schwarzman: We can make really good money like that.  For example, if youre buying a real estate asset in Europe where our expectation is for either a very low rate of growth or a potential recession  when we look at buying something there were not expecting as a rule for those markets to help real estate improve.  Youve got to make your money on the buy because theres a lack of liquidity there and youve got to price it, and when you put some leverage on it youve got a successful deal close to when Because growth is not going to take care of that problem.  Were, you know, in the US we look at it because of different fundamentals  even if the growth rate is low we look at it incorporating growth. So each part of the world we have a different model where we feel its safe first of all and also high return to make those investments.
Howard Chen: Great, thanks for your helpful thoughts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler ONeill.  Please proceed.
Michael Kim: Hey guys, good afternoon.  First, so Tony on the media call you talked about being able to generate double-digit organic growth for the foreseeable future.  So I was just wondering if you could give us some color in terms of the drivers behind that growth; so how much is related to continuing to gain market share across your existing businesses versus maybe further building out your capabilities beyond what you already have, similar to what LT just talked about?
Tony James: Well, I think both those play in.  So as I mentioned on the press call, were seeing the big institutions that we serve  I think theres a necessity for them to shift more of their assets to alternatives.  So you get the growth of AUM in general that goes to the economy, and then you get alternatives getting a bigger share because they must shift assets to alternatives in order to earn the returns to meet their obligations.  And then on top of that we have been and continue to expect to pick up market share. So youve got the compounding effects of that driving organic growth.  In addition, you have as Steve mentioned and Howard asked, we have retail products.  In general, our industry is underrepresented in retail.  Most institutions have 10% to 20% of their assets in alternatives.  Retail has typically less than 1%, and frankly the return sacrifice that retail investors are making by not having what I consider to be an appropriate allocation to higher-returning products that arent correlated to public markets, so they actually reduce risk at the same time they increase returns  thats a high cost to the retail investor.  Wed like to help them solve that problem and drive more retail assets. And so I think that will be another source of growth for us because as I say its underrepresented.  Within our different product categories we have lots of growth opportunities that are adjacent to what we do now, utilize the same skillset, utilize in many cases the same information, sources of information and market knowledge.  In real estate for example, moving from real estate equity to real estate debt, sort of less-than-investment-grade debt so to speak to investment-grade real estate debt  its all on a continuum.  Moving from we had a Global Real Estate Fund and then we had a European Real Estate Fund, and International Real Estate Fund so theyre regional plays. And each of our business areas has the ability to create adjacent products and do so with a high degree of success because its already building on a platform thats been built, the team is in place, the information is in place, the discipline, and really the experience and track record is in place.  So we continue to see that, and then as I say we will continue to tuck in acquisitions. Our investment in Patria in Brazil has been a dramatic success.  I think theyve almost doubled their AUM in 18 months to two years since we invested in them.  So theres regional plays and then theres industry plays, like for example in Private Equity  adding an Energy Fund to our existing Multi-Industry Global Fund.  So we should see no shortage of growth opportunities.  Our challenge is to make sure that everything we do we do really well and are best-in-class at it.  We never want to grow for growths sake. We pride ourselves, we get our fun only by being the best at what we do and the best is measured by returns to our investors.  And what limits that, our ability to do that of course is talent.  And so were going to grow within the limits that are comfortable for us where we can put the best talent in the right seats and achieve the best results.
Michael Kim: Okay, thats helpful, and then just maybe moving on to the realization side.  I understand each individual investment is unique and they all carry their own timeline, but can you talk a little bit about maybe the dynamic of rising real estate realizations more broadly versus just the amount of dry powder that you now have available with BREP VII and the fact that it sounds like youve already committed a good chunk of that capita for new investments  just maybe how that plays out and how youre thinking about sort of the different subsectors within real estate; so office versus retail versus hotels, etc.?  Thanks.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yeah, let me take that in one second.  This is an interesting question because just to set a scene for you, other than apartments where were not a particularly important player, one way to think about real estate is to take a simplistic view where theres virtually no construction going on in the commercial real estate world; and take a position where you have a 2% growth in the economy  nothing.  And just take a model office building, which is just assume its 10% vacant.  In two years thatll be 6% vacant, and then what happens when you get down to a 6% vacant building, or at two-and-a-half years 5%, is that the pricing of the rents in that building tend to go out asintotically. And if you know thats coming by doing nothing, and you assume just for the moment that central bankers are good to their word that theyre going to keep rates  because most countries dont have the ability to stimulate fiscally  that youre going to have real estate values that continue to go up and thats doing nothing special to that piece of real estate.  Its just like great fundamentals.  Every day, in fact, that we go to work our properties should be worth more and theyre virtually all on significant leverage which means that that value accrues disproportionately to the value of those properties. Now, at some point you decide to get off at that train and stop at the station, and the train moves on and youre not on the train anymore.  And thats a decision that we make for a variety of reasons, and sometimes its because weve improved the thing as much as we can; other times there might be something going on in that market.  But at the moment were on a winning play, whether its in hotels where virtually around the world except in Europe its very good with strong RevPAR growth in the shopping business, where were experiencing that as well; in the industrial area where were also seeing that because theres very little construction there. So sort of the trend is really our friend, just to take real estate where you asked the question. So well reach a point where we think that growth wont be good; where weve completed our mission like in the assisted living center that we talked about  in two years, 2.4x your money, that was fine.  And well do our best to monitor each of those trends, but we think were like winners virtually across the board in the current market in the US.  And then well get off and well earn very substantial amounts of money for our investors both as limited partners and for our public shareholders. And that time is closer than it was two years ago, and as were sitting here contemplating what we should do were making more money almost every day.  So its not like a bad situation because the flows to our investors, most of our assets in that area are having very big realizations in that area.  So Im not trying to talk around it; Im trying to give you the dynamic for decision making.
Tony James: So Michael, let me just comment a little bit in a [circular] area.  As you know, we put a lot of money out in the last few years and we havent harvested much, and were through BREP VI and into BREP VII; and at some point, I think as Steve mentioned, were not trying to move our whole real estate portfolio in and out based on some cyclical Nows the time to sell real estate, nows the time to buy real estate.  Its property-by-property.  We buy it, we fix it; once its fixed and optimized we sell it. Theres actually a pretty good bid today for real estate because CAF rates are so low.  And so once somethings fixed well start to peel it off, but it takes us a few years to fix the properties.  And so with the money weve put out in the last few years, a number of those investments will start to mature and I think youll start to see a ramp-up from here over the next couple years in the real estate disposition. So what does that mean for AUM, which I think was underlying your question there?  Yes, well continue to draw down some BREP VII but most of that moneys already in AUM, and well peel off some investments and harvest some investments that as Steve mentioned have done very well.  So I would expect Real Estate AUM not to grow very much in the short term as we go through the disposition process in our core equity product. Now, there are some other, you know, our International Fund is coming into its life so we have some fundraising there.  Theres some other opportunities, and then in Real Estate, too, when we do a really big deal and we bring in investors to co-invest because of the economic arrangements on those deals, that adds to AUM in Real Estate where it doesnt in Private Equity.  So I do think youve got some growth engines in AUM but itll be a bit against the tide of disposition, so to speak.  So I wouldnt expect a lot of AUM growth in real estate equity. I dont know if thats clear.
Michael Kim: Yep, thats very helpful.  Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley.  Please proceed.
Matt Kelley: Good morning, thanks for taking my question.  So I was hoping to touch base on the Energy Platform.  Obviously youve put some money, a small amount of money to work in a dedicated fund with a pretty strong return.  Just curious if this is something you see longer term based on the performance of this fund and past investments in your other private equity funds as a standalone platform and how big it could potentially be.
Tony James: Yeah, so I think this could be huge.  There are dedicated funds in the industry that have as much as $10 billion in an energy fund and they dont have the record that we have.  Energy is our single best industry sector in private equity.  As I mentioned on the press call weve never had a loss in Energy; our average realization is 6x our money, the returns are very high.  And so we really like this sector a lot but its not a separate business.  I just want to be clear about that.  Its a way for some of our LPs that want to be over weighted in energy to get added exposure but yet let us maintain the diversification for risk management and other purposes that many of our LPs expect in a given multi-industry global fund. So the Energy Fund that we raised, $2.4 billion, is essentially going to be invested 50/50 in any energy deal; the other half of that will come out of the main fund, the main Global Fund.  So to invest that $2.4 billion, which by the way is about half invested today even though we had the final closing in August, we have to put out $5 billion or thereabouts  half of which goes into the Energy Fund, half of which goes to the main fund.  When the Energy Fund is fully invested its absolutely our intention to go out and raise another hopefully larger Energy Fund.
Stephen Schwarzman: But just so you understand our model, which you probably do so maybe this is just redundant, but the way we grow the firm is by doing a great job for our limited partners.  So if you look at the Energy Fund, it was actually agony to raise this $2.4 billion.  Given our record the marketplace regarded us as like a first-time fund where we just saw complete continuity in what we were doing, as Tony mentioned.  The next time we come to market, assuming our performance is as impressive as its been in this sector over the last ten years, I would venture to say that the acceptance of this fund with [Blackstone] Energy Partners II will be much greater; and marketing that would be infinitely easier than the original thing. And what number that gets you to is not our job to predict right now and what we think is comfortable given the opportunity.  Just the ability to go to market with this type of product again, what one would think is just an example of drivers of the firm growth and delivering also great performance  which is our number one focus for our limited partners and new ones.
Matt Kelley: Great, thanks, thats helpful.  And then if I can ask on the European real estate side, I know you mentioned distressed European bank loans being more available.  Just stepping back to a little bit of a higher level, are you seeing pretty substantially increased deal flow out of the European banks or is that something thats still youre more waiting for down the road?
Tony James: Id say thats still a little [cludgey] on balance up but not nearly what it should be, and the reason for that is Basel III because the banking system in Europe has been asked to double its equity capital and its got a lot of loans that are probably not marked accurately on its balance sheets.  And if they want to clear out at market-clearing prices theyll be taking losses, not gains against their net worth mark.  So its very difficult to double your net worth and at the same time youre losing money on the sales of these assets. Now, different parts of Europe will face up to these issues at different times, and there are a variety of things that were very actively buying.  If you turned on all the troubled loans in Europe and the banks could take the hit you would dwarf whats coming out in the market. As it is were seeing a lot of opportunities.  Weve had a lot of success in terms of buying this compared pretty much to the asset allocation we would have globally of how much we would want in Europe. So its actually pretty good for us I would say right now, and but for people other than one or two or three buyers through the whole European system it doesnt provide as much opportunity, and we havent been one of those, as one might think.
Laurence Tosi: And Matt, let me also  another, even if the banks arent directly selling troubled loans, which I think was the form of your question  in many cases theyre not making much in the way of new loans.  So some of our investing in Europe is in actually pretty good countries where theres a lot of growth, particularly in Eastern Europe and places like that in some instances where they just cant get financing that they once did anymore.  And thats opening up some nice opportunities for us as well in Europe.
Stephen Schwarzman: Tonys point is really, Im almost embarrassed to admit to have forgotten such a good point, but that somebody just like turned the spigot off in Europe.  Trying to get real estate loans in Europe is exceptionally difficult and thats sort of understating it.  And so theres an enormous opportunity for us because of our size and scale to provide that function of advancing capital to people who cant refinance.  Its like big-time opportunity for us, big time.
Matt Kelley: Okay, and then one just quick housekeeping item I guess for LT: on the GSO business, the Credit business, under other operating expenses I see you have a $20 million cost, a one-time associated with a fund launch.  So is it fair for us to assume a $13 million to $14 million run rate or is there any other noise in that number?
Laurence Tosi: Nope, thats it  thats exactly the right number, Matt.
Matt Kelley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.  Please proceed.
Marc Irizarry: Great, thanks.  Steve, you definitely have a large array of what institutions clearly are looking to invest in these days.  A question on the business of distribution for you: where are you in terms of sort of cross-selling the firm if you will?  Are we sort of looking ahead at you maybe adding a more robust global distribution sort of footprint and adding some headcount there, or how should we think about how you sort of cross-sell the firm or cross-sell some of the product?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well you know, Marc, we were just talking about this at Executive [Day] yesterday.  Based on what Ive seen as our costs for running our distribution operation globally, weve got a big distribution.  And you know, the firms coming together really in a terrific way.  And the way it works out is that in certain accounts Weve got roughly 1200 LPs throughout the firm and on different accounts, one of our businesses becomes the first product in, and assuming we do a really great job which we have been then theres a natural receptivity to other products since theyre also performing at a world-scale level. And so theres a very high level of cooperation between the different parts of the firm.  We have a lot of white space still to go.  I think Joan has the statistic, and if she doesnt Im shocking her, to answer the question in terms of how penetrated we are across our four major groups against you know, a model LP.
Joan Solotar: Yeah, so we have two-thirds of our clients are in more than one product, but still less than 20% are in all four.  And so I would say weve absolutely been focused on it but its still early days. I mean we just think its a huge opportunity, and if you think about how new the Credit Platform is to us or Tactical Opportunities and Energy, and weve added new LPs to the firm in Energy for example  I mean theres just a long runway from here.
Laurence Tosi: I would just add, Marc, that  and Tony I think touched on this just about a year ago, that one of the key investments we made during the downturn and one of the flexibilities of not only our growing asset base but the way our fees are structured is that one of the key investments was marketing.  So weve been making investments over the last 24 to 36 months that you see us bearing some of the fruit of that.  Theres certainly both LPs in areas that we can continue in but I wouldnt expect a big uptick in expense because weve been planting those seeds for some time.  Its been a key initiative for us for a number of years.
Marc Irizarry: Okay, and then just to get back on the real estate realization topic, can you talk a little bit about your preferred means of exits from some of your real estate portfolios?  It looks like stuff thats coming out is clearly coming out at a higher value where you have it marked currently, but how do you think about the portfolio sort of in terms of public exits versus private sales?
Tony James: Yeah, I think itll be mostly private sales but we will definitely have some public exits as well.  A company like Hilton is a multi-asset company, its an operating company; its more likely to have a public exit.  But an office building here or there is more apt to have a private exit.  In addition, when it comes to homes and things like that weve got the opportunity to do some securitizations and some sort of dedicated REIT-type vehicles and some things like that.  So itll be a mix of all those things but mostly we buy large-scale commercial assets thatll go on private market.  I dont mean that theyll be sold privately but in the private market.
Joan Solotar: We have a fairly long queue of questions so Im just going to ask if everyone can just ask one or two and then get back in the queue if you still have follow-ups, just so we can get to everyone.  Yes, it is fun for us.  [laughter]
Stephen Schwarzman: We like talking about our business.
Marc Irizarry: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.  Please proceed.
Robert Lee: Thanks, good morning everyone.  The question I had is actually on the Private Equity business: can you give me just an update on BCP V?  I know theres still some ways to go to get to carry but Im kind of curious, when you have conversations with LPs in that fund what are you communicating to them about your own ultimate return expectations for that fund at this point?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, we tell them and we believe that itll be between 1.8x and 2.0x their money.
Robert Lee: I mean besides that, are we thinking of Because obviously if its over ten years versus, you know.
Tony James: Yeah, thats a fund thats an 06 vintage fund and now were 2012.  As you know we havent harvested a lot of it so the average life of that funds going to be fairly long.  I expect well have a bunch of dispositions in the next few years, but given the cycle that theyre in and when they put that money up I think theyre happy with the performance.  It doesnt necessarily lead to a lot of carry, and how much carry will be a function of the timing of the realizations. Thats a function of economies and markets and can we do IPOs at reasonable prices and all that sort of stuff.
Steven Schwarzman: But what weve been doing is that, Tony and I have been meeting with each of the large companies.  In fact, we have a meeting with the CEO of another one today at 2:30.  We want to hear what everybodys growth plans are, whether they need more capital.  And what were doing is were building these businesses rapidly, something like sort of Fund V is a little bit hostage to the economy.  If we have an increased growth in US GDP which will then lead to higher stock prices, higher earnings growth  because this firm has a lot of US exposure  then youll see some very nice acceleration of trend. If you stay in a 1.7% GDP growth its not a particularly hospitable environment for companies generally.  I think a little bit of when are we going to be over that hurdle?  You know, were doing all the stuff that we can do to maximize the growth but we actually could use a little bit of cooperation from the US government and the US economy.  And what weve seen in our experience managing these funds over 27 years is that at some point things look like theyre slowing down and its not as much fun; and then something happens to the world in a favorable way and then you have this rapid sort of catch-up that works. And if you keep your companies in great shape, investing in them and so forth, that change in the growth curve gives us an opportunity for big gains.  I cant predict exactly when that will happen.  Form watching these Presidential debates Im not sure that they can really predict that either.  And its something that you know, its part of the real world today but its not going to stay like that forever.  The public wont tolerate it and we have the ability as a society to address those issues and change them, and that will be for the benefit of our Private Equity funds that were down more towards the top of the market than where we are over since that time with very high returns.
Tony James: Yeah, as Steve points out, when this thing swings it can swing really big.  And one of our funds, BGB III I think has swung from bottom to top I think by a factor of 4x in terms of value.
Stephen Schwarzman: Yeah, I mean some of these are really funny.  I mean its hard for you to have sort of a real feel for this, but I mean we had a company called Graham Packaging that was hanging around for years doing next to nothing.  It was gaining market share, it was growing but it was consuming a lot of capital to grow and we had this thing marked at cost for like eight years or something.  And we ended up exiting because we bought a company, we got a lot of synergies, it became much more interesting.  Somebody came and approached us at a very high price.  Somebody else liked it even more so they wanted to pay, but we ended up in a bidding war for this thing and we made 4x, or 4.2x or something like that our money out of something that had been hanging around as an investment for years. So we have a lot of experience with things like this, and we keep investing and theres a moment.  And then that moment happens and everybody looks back and says Wow!  How did that happen?  Well, it happens.  So were in one of those more funky periods generally because of low GDP growth, but that wont last very long.
Robert Lee: Well, I appreciate the color, and maybe just one quick one, my follow-up question on capital management.  As you aptly pointed out, theres a lot of growth potential through acquisitions and bringing in new products, who you make your own commitments to.  And you obviously have a strong focus on distribution but at the same time Im assuming youre somewhat frustrated with how the stock has performed over time.  And so any thoughts or how should we think about some of the recent cheap debt youve raised, some of that being put towards buying back some of the common, particularly since there is some creep through share issuance over time [on its] employees?
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, thats one thing we could do. I think LT, you all on the receiving end of a call like this get this blizzard of numbers and data that we throw at you.  We go over this really careful because we think each number is meaningful, but its impossible to absorb.  If you have the time to go back over what LT was saying, and look at the firms growth and compare us to asset classes and financial services that grow infinitely slower, where your money can be redeemed like on a daily basis; and you look at the business model that we have growing at many, many times the rate of almost everyone in financial services with the kind of multiple we have, I think you used the word Did you say frustrated?  Frustrated really doesnt adequately express how I feel.  [laughter]
Tony James: I wish you hadnt asked this, Robert.  [laughter]
Stephen Schwarzman: You know, I wouldnt give us an A for sort of getting our point across to a market and having them truly understand the earning power of the firm, the growth of the firm, the position of where we are.  So were going to really focus on this in a more fulsome way.  I mean weve done a really good job being pioneers in this industry, describing it, and that has not been an easy task for either Joan or for LT, particularly with some of the financial policies weve been given by sort of the government. But the reality is that the firm in my view is significantly undervalued.  Everybody you talk to says that but actually this is one of the cases where its true and were going to demonstrate that to people.  And I think we have to take a more active role which weve already decided on [in the senior] levels of the firm.  Tony and I spend only very limited time on this part of our business.  I guess youd call it managing the multiple  I mean we just havent done it because were busy growing our business.  And were going to have to chop off a little piece of us to spend more time with that along with the other members of our Management Committee  Jon Gray and Bennett Goodman, Tom Hill. So I think over the next six months people are going to be seeing more of us.  Now whether thats a good use of your time I leave to you but I agree with your characterization.  We actually in terms of stuff like share buybacks or whatever, you know, we were more interested in terms of building liquidity on our balance sheet for a variety of reasons.  Its something we can [look at].
Tony James: I have some comment on the buyback.  One of the, I mean organic growth is great but our LPs expect us to have some skin in the game, and the kind of organic growth weve had and the scale of the business we have requires capital.  And so we did the financing really to support growth.  Its not like its excess cash we dont have a use for that creates a lot of value for shareholders.  So I do not think you should expect any buybacks.
Laurence Tosi: You started the question without asking us about different shareholder dilution over time.  Since the IPO, to be clear, weve issued only 3% more shares for a company thats grown 2.5x.  So weve more than outgrown the issuance of the shares so thats not an issue for us and we dont anticipate it will be.  And following what Tony just said, its a good use of capital.  At the time we did the bond deal we were bumping up against AA.  Theres not a lot of AA companies out there that grow anywhere near our level so it made sense for us to effectively fund that and then put it back into the business.
Robert Lee: Great, well I appreciate all of the color and for you taking all the time and taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Barclays.  Please proceed.
Roger Freeman: Good morning.  On the debt raise that you did, youve got what, I guess another what - $2.3 billion of cash and liquid investments?  I think the June quarter had $1.3 billion of commitments.  As you look at that, was this just part of your longer-term capitalization strategy to kind of fund the co-investments that you anticipate making as opposed to kind of the ramp over the intermediate term?
Laurence Tosi: Actually, Roger, its much less that.  So if you look at the $1.3 billion at the close of Q2, thats the gross commitment.  If you net out the commitments that are for the insiders that are not the responsibility of DX itself its only about $850 million, and that number has actually come down over the last couple of years.  So it was less, and as Tony said were growing but its not that we think our commitments as a percent of the size of the firm will grow; and the primary use of the capital will be  and I know its a generic term- general corporate uses, but some of the initiatives that youve heard us talk about in terms of investing in the business for its growth over time.  But there has not been an increase in the overall commitment of the firm to the fund.
Roger Freeman: Okay.  So you took advantage of cheap rates and receptive markets for the longer term.
Laurence Tosi: It was the right point in time we thought and we also thought frankly, and I mentioned this in my comments  we thought the market had frankly mispriced Blackstones credit much like weve been working on the equity side of the story that Steve just mentioned, and we were trading more like a BBB traditional asset manager rather than an A.  And this gave Joan and I the chance to go out and meet with a lot of people and the proof is in the fact that weve tightened to the way that we should be trading.  And so partially that as well.
Roger Freeman: Absolutely.  Okay, and then just the other question is Tony, on the earlier media call you made an interesting comment about BGB VI potentially being off to the best start of any fund in history.  I was wondering if you can kind of expand on that a bit.  I mean if you look at the IRR that you reported, I think its like 8% which probably is hampered just by all the un-invested capital.  What is sort of the multiple and (inaudible) asked it already, but maybe saying it from the perspective of what you expect the returns eventually to be on what youve done.
Tony James: Well, I guess really its a combination of both, Roger.  Weve had some deals like Chineire that have an immediate markup.  We made an investment in an Indian company that went public with an immediate double I think or close to it.  We invested in Knight Capital where we had to close on an immediate double.  So some of the investments we put up have an immediate public market mark so its not our own marking. Our general policy when it comes to private investment is not to change the mark in the first year, but when there is an actual transaction or a public market  we do market to the public market and thats required under accounting, so we try to carry new investments at cost figuring that our cost is the best indicator of value.  And we also do try to be conservative in our marks which is why you see virtually all of our dispositions at significant bumps over our marks. But with a new fund, youre lugging the management fee on the entire corpus of the fund - $16 billion  and youve just got a few investments, maybe its 20% invested, maybe its 10% on average.  In the last year its been probably less than 10% invested and youre trying to carry the management fees on the whole thing and its very hard to get IRRs on a fund.  The fact that were over the hurdle at all is unusual.
Roger Freeman: Sure.  Okay.  Knight was in BGB VI and not the Tactical Fund?
Tony James: Yes.
Roger Freeman: Okay.  Alright, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson with Stifel Nicolaus.  Please proceed.
Jeff Hopson: Okay, thanks a lot.  So two questions; one of the hedge fund of funds business, I guess more customized products.  Can you remind us of maybe one or two of these as far as where the growth and/or the interest is?  And then a follow-up on P Fund V; so that is a bigger fund, so if we assume decent returns but still lower than the previous and the subsequent funds, what would the investor come out of that thinking that this is just the down cycle and over multiple funds hes done well or how would you
Tony James: Okay, well Ill do both I guess.  On BAAM, Im not quite sure I understand your question, but why do investors invest in BAAM?  Is that what youre asking?
Jeff Hopson: No, I meant-
Joan Solotar: Which strategies, because you called it a fund of funds but really its a hedge fund strategy.
Tony James: So customized means customized, so a lot of LPs will come to us and theyll want a specific product to meet specific return and correlation objectives, so you really cant generalize on that.  But in addition to creating those things we do have some comingled funds where people can come in, and theres about twenty or something of them, and there might be some with emerging markets and some that are of high beta, some that are low beta; some that are based on commodities, some that are based on different things like that. Then we have several other products that are comingled products but are specialty products in that business.  We have sort of a strategic opportunities kind of fund, taking advantage of market anomalies.  We have a fund that seeds new hedge fund managers and by doing that owns a piece of the GP; and we have a new product that were working on which well be announcing shortly but havent announced yet. So its quite a diverse All of these businesses are big businesses with diverse products and diverse business groups within them, and the BAAM product is no exception to that.  And then on Fund V, our LPs are happy.  I mean frankly, none of them have made 1.8x their money on any of their other 2007 investments so theres no issue there.
Jeff Hopson: Okay, great.  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.  Please proceed.
Chris Kotowski: Hi.  The realizations or the realized carry and incentive fees in your Real Estate Fund were the best in many years, I think probably going back to 2007.  It was about what 2010 and 2011 were combined, so that strikes me as something new.  And Im wondering is that reflective of a whole bunch of little transactions or just one big opportunistic sale?  And youve been talking about the fact that realizations in real estate would be more likely to increase  is this kind of the opening salvo of that?
Laurence Tosi: Ill start and maybe Tony will finish it.  The answer is yes as to the small transactions, and I noted in your research you were looking at big, publicly-announced deals.  Thats actually not necessarily the nature of how we exit our real estate investments.  While we may have done deals in different packages when we did them sometimes we break them up and sell pieces, so year-to-date theres been 55 separate realization events inside of Real Estate and there has been a strengthening of that trend as the year has progressed on.  So hopefully that answers that one.
Tony James: Yeah, and hopefully, Chris, you know, weve been talking now for the better part of a year that real estate would start to build into a fairly heavy realization part of the cycle and youre seeing the beginnings of that.  And you know, the big chunky ones are still ahead of us.
Chris Kotowski: Okay.  And then just as a follow-up, you announced the Capital Trust acquisition and it looked like you were just buying a real estate management company, and I would have thought youd had that or did that come with properties attached to it?
Tony James: That was not a fun investment; that was a Blackstone investment so we did in fact buy the management company and we wanted the management company.  Theres a very good team there and it opens up a few opportunities for us.  The opportunities are first of all it gets us into the high-grade real estate debt business.  Weve been in the sort of less-than-investment-grade real estate debt business and so this extends the product line that we have in Real Estate number one.  Number two, it gets us some new LPs that we didnt have before and of course we think theyll benefit from some of the LPs that we have that they werent before. Number three, it gives us a special servicer where we can feed some businesses.  We can also get a lot of information and we think some deal flow from having a special servicer.  So weve got a lot of synergies and we think it will open up some nice opportunities for future growth.
Chris Kotowski: Great, thats it for me.  Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thats all the time we have for questions.
Joan Solotar: Actually we have one more.
Operator: [Bill Ketz] is no longer in the queue.
Joan Solotar: Okay.  Well thanks, everybody.  If you have any follow-ups just give us a call.
Operator: Thank you for joining todays conference.  That concludes the presentation.  You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to The Blackstone Group Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Our speakers today are Stephen A. Schwarzman, Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, Head of External Relations and Strategy. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Joan Solotar. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, Chancelle. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Blackstone's second quarter 2012 conference call. I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release and a slide presentation illustrating our results. You can get those on the website and we'll be issuing out our 10-Q over the next few weeks. I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are uncertain outside of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results, please see the Risk Factors section of our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on this call. So for reconciliations to the GAAP measurements, also look at the press release. I'd like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation to purchase any interest in the Blackstone fund. This audiocast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and can't be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without permission. So you'll note the new and improved format of our earnings release. We've gotten feedback from several of you. We'd love to hear more. Hopefully, you find it more useful. The idea really was to make it simpler for investors, analysts, press, everyone to review the results and move up some frequently asked-for information that previously we only had in the Q. But again, we're looking for continual feedback, so thanks for all who gave us input. A quick recap of our results. We reported economic net income or ENI of $0.19 per unit for the second quarter. That's down from $0.44 in the first quarter and $0.73 in the second quarter of last year. If you recall, last year's second quarter included the performance fee catch-up in Real Estate that we highlighted at that time. For the second quarter this year, distributable earnings were $188 million, that's $0.16 per common unit. That compares with $0.15 in the first quarter of this year, and once again, we'll be paying out the $0.10 per unit distribution related to common unit holders of record as of August 15. As always, if you have questions on anything in the press release, feel free to follow up with either me or Weston Tucker after the call, and with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Good morning. Following a broadly positive first quarter for global markets, macroeconomic concerns, including the intensifying Eurozone worries, took precedence in the second quarter, driving a pullback, as you know, in equities and increased in volatility. U.S. stocks did better than most other markets only being down 3%, while the global indexes declined on balance 6%. Fixed income prices were mixed with high-grade prices up and high yield flat to down. The euro weakened against virtually all currencies. Capital flows into equity mutual funds remain highly challenged, and what highly challenged means, it's been 14 straight months of outflows from domestic equity funds. And M&A activity also declined, generally a pretty miserable situation in the second quarter. In general, the markets have been dominated by tepid volumes and limited conviction with short-term momentum trading driving the volatility. Investors remained apprehensive and hesitant to make decisions. The dominant perception is that the global economy is slowing, but not collapsing, with the drop in both confidence and activity. The world's growth engines such as China, India and Brazil have been clearly slowing. In the U.S., specifically households and large firms are holding back spending because of worries about Europe and the upcoming U.S. fiscal cliff, and we expect the second half of the year to be negatively impacted by policy risks. Europe's sovereign debt issues have remained front and center. Investors have been hoping for a degree of re-containment, and the removal of this systemic overhang, which we've got at least temporarily following the European leaders' summit at the end of June, resulting in a plan for centralized banking system under the supervision of the ECB, which, by the way, is basically a pretty sound idea. The critical details of exactly how this will be executed remain to be seen and introduce more uncertainty until that's all resolved in a satisfactory way. Blackstone's broadly diversified asset management model is built to outperform over the long term, particularly in these types of uncertain and volatile markets. Because most of our capital under long-term lockup arrangements, which is very important for our business model, they are largely immune from redemptions, driven by market swings and volatility, enabling us to focus our resources in building and improving companies, driving long-term solutions and creating real and sustainable economic value. This ultimately drives higher returns that can be achieved through the short-term orientation of the public markets or virtually any other form of investing. This value creation takes time, and through market cycles and over our 26-year history, we generated net annualized returns on our realized investments of 23% in Private Equity and 27% in Real Estate. Our limited partner investors, which represent over 1/2 of the pensioners in the United States, among others, are increasing their capital with us, driving gross inflows of nearly $6 billion in the second quarter and over $48 billion in the past 12 months, including our acquisition of Harbourmaster, and all of that is much greater than any other firm of our type in the world. We ended the second quarter with total assets under management of $190 billion, up 20% over a year in what's been a pretty miserable environment. Now, moving on to a brief discussion of each of our business segments. Last quarter in this call, we highlighted for you the slowdown we were seeing in our portfolio of companies and Private Equity, and that commentary was perhaps earlier than that of our peers and others in the marketplace, and I think you'd beat us up a little bit because we said that. But now, however, I believe you're all familiar with the general economic softening that's transpired.  And I like to bring to your attention the fact that we knew this earlier than other people, is part of the strength of our model here at Blackstone, and this helps us make investment decisions in all of our businesses where other people might not have had this type of early warning, enables us to avoid certain types of investments and to make others. That's a really important thing for us.  We continue to work to position our companies and insulate them against the protracted period of slow global growth, both in our current assets, as well as on the investment side. Overall, despite economic headwinds, our portfolio of companies are in good shape and the carrying value of our private portfolio remained mostly flat in the quarter despite big down markets. Our public holdings, however, were down 12%, and this, combined with the negative impact of foreign exchange due to the weaker euro I talked about before, drove an overall decline in the carrying value of our portfolio in Private Equity by 4.2%. On a year-to-date basis, however, our Private Equity portfolio is still up slightly. I'd like to step back for a moment and remind everybody about our approach to Private Equity and the power of the model over time, which we've demonstrated repeatedly over the past 26 years. We approach all of our investment opportunities as a problem-solver, not a passive investor like people in the public markets. In Private Equity, this means partnering with a management team to identify and correct underperforming assets, working with the team to inject capital and provide expertise in support of growth or hiring an outstanding manager to build the company from scratch. Depending on the type of asset, the region and market conditions, this could take 4 to 5 years or could take longer. Given the long-term nature of our funds with their typical 10-year maturities, sometimes 12, we are in no rush to sell. And when the time is right, we'll realize the value we've created and built over several years for both our limited partners and our publisher holders. A more extreme example of this is Universal Orlando, the giant theme park down in Orlando, Florida, which we sold to a strategic buyer last year after holding it for 11 years. We completed this sale at a multiple of original invested capital of 3.2x our money and at 16% IRR. I remember one point in time after this investment was made, we had this investment marked at only 10% of original cost. So from that mark until we sold it, this investment was only up 32x. So, this is just to counsel you to not get overly focused on any of these marks from quarter to quarter and recognize that we're in the business of building this massive value, which, over time, we can pick our moment to exit and realize on that. Looking at our historical exits in general, our average exit price is 20% to 25% higher than the prior quarter's mark to market as we cannot factor things in on our accounting treatment like acquisition premiums into our valuations. As such, you should expect sharply higher increases in value during periods of greater realizations generally. During the second quarter, challenging capital market conditions and ongoing subdued M&A activity limited our opportunity for exits. One of our peers announced the partial sale of a European drugstore business to a strategic partner, which we believe is a good example of a 2007 buyout done at the absolute top of the cycle that ended with a very favorable result that at other times, as you were monitoring that investment, the market may have dismissed. This is how our industry works and you should see more of this across the sector as markets heal and M&A volumes improve. For example, late in the quarter, we did sell a portion of our interest in TeamHealth, which we had initially bought, brought public in late 2009. The TeamHealth sale generated a multiple of investment capital of 3.1x our money and a 19% IRR and that's $33 million distributable earnings contribution for our public investors. Our patient capital and superior returns over time drive our fundraising success. We have the largest pool of dry powder in the Private Equity area available at $16 billion and there is a real advantage to this scale and flexibility, allowing us to move in size and with certainty anywhere in the world we see opportunities for value creation. As a last note on our Private Equity business, as we announced yesterday, we've completed the leadership transaction, transition begun a couple of years ago by naming Joe Baratta, Head of Private Equity globally. Several of you met Joe at our European Investor Day last year. We sent him to London a decade ago to help launch our European business and he will return to New York next month. Moving on to our Real Estate business, where the benefits of scale are particularly clear. We're currently operating in a unique moment in time given our size and the very favorable investing climate. As the largest player in opportunistic real estate in the world and one of the sole survivors from the financial crisis, we have the dominant franchise in this space which I believe is very well illustrated by the success of our most recent global fundraiser. We've raised over $12 billion in capital and extremely confident that we'll hit our $13.3 billion cap when we have final close in the next few months. This gives us by far the largest pool of dry powder capital in the industry at a time when we are seeing highly attractive investment opportunities due to the level of distress and the need to deleverage around the globe. In fact, we've deployed or committed $16 billion across our Real Estate platform since the fourth quarter of 2009 when we started to see early signs of market stabilization. In virtually all recent transaction, Blackstone has faced limited competition due to the magnitude of capital required and the complexity of the transactions. Our strategy remains focused on buy it, fix it, sell it, in which we acquired good assets that need improvement at the low replacement cost and provide capital and expertise. Given our basis in investments we've made during this period, we have high expectations for the ultimate returns we expect to generate. During the second quarter specifically, we invested or committed $3.5 billion, which is a massive amount of money compared to everyone else in Real Estate. This includes our commitment to acquire Motel 6 from a public European lodging company. We paid roughly $26,000 per key, which is a substantial discount to physical replacement costs, and we see real growth potential around the franchise business similar to some of the other hospitality investments. Our ability to move in size and swiftly access the transaction given our vast lodging knowledge was critical to our success in this case. We don't need partners to complete a large deal and we can deliver certainty in a particularly uncertain real estate and financing world. In addition, we've started deploying capital into U.S. single-family housing, which is an area we have largely avoided for years and quite successfully so. We are now buying post-foreclosed homes which generally needs some capital improvements and we are leasing them up. We expect this activity to drive greater housing affordability and think it will help the nascent economic recovery. Home price appreciation has already begun with March showing the first month of year-over-year appreciation since 2007 and that's about when we started entering this business, I think, more or less picking another market bottom like we've done in the hotel business. U.S. and Europe are still the most attractive places to deploy capital. Distress in Europe remains the highest and we are quite constructive there. European financial institutions are selling more and there aren't a lot of equity players there to absorb these assets. In emerging markets, weaker capital markets have meant that developers that were long land and have been feeling more of the crunch and we are there to provide capital and that's going to also increasingly provide opportunities for us. Our current portfolio rose 2.9% in the second quarter and is up 6.7% year-to-date, driven by ongoing improvement in operating fundamentals and persistent low new supply. It's tough to find cranes in America. In office, we've continued to see occupancy improvement and rent growth in most of our core markets. For our key office assets in the U.S., occupancy is up 300 basis points versus the prior year, which is a big increase. Positive absorption and declining vacancy is also evident in our industrial, retail and senior living assets. In hospitality, across all U.S. hotel segments, there continues to be an improvement in both RevPAR and EBITDA. So on an operational basis, virtually everything is doing well. In terms of dispositions, you may have read that we're starting to sell small pieces of our office portfolio. We are not anticipating any large-scale bulk sales imminently but do expect the pace of realizations to continue to pick up this year and into next year consistent with our stated plans. During the second quarter, we completed 2 large sales, the Pearlridge mall in Hawaii and our U.K. student housing platform, which together, generated $420 million in proceeds and a multiple of invested capital of 2x, which is pretty unusual in the Real Estate business these days. Our disposition activity has continued in July with 2 partial sales signed or completed, including our 50% interest in a Manhattan office building and a small portfolio of 4 high-quality hotels. Moving on to BAAM, our hedge funds solutions business, even though, the second and fourth quarters are primarily redemption quarters for BAAM, we had, despite what you might think, net inflows of $450 million in the quarter and another $950 million of inflows on July 1. This brings us to $2.5 billion in net inflows for the first half of the year. The focus of our growth remains on customizing specific solutions for our institutional clients and providing value-added services. We are known to our clients as a product innovator and trusted advisor. Our scale is the largest investor globally in hedge funds and our sizable investments in risk management, technology and due diligence continue to set us apart from others in the industry and drive our market share gains. BAAM protected our investors' capital in the second quarter through our broad strategy diversification and management selection. Our composite return was a negative 1%, never a wonderful thing to be down, but still only 1% for the quarter despite the more severe decline in global markets. Remember, I told you before, global markets were down 6%, we were down 1%. On a year-to-year basis, the composite is up 3%. Continued solid performance in inflows drove total assets under management $43.6 billion as of July 1, up 8% year-over-year. Moving on to our credit business, GSO. As one of the largest owners of leveraged loans globally, we are well positioned as a leading provider of credit in a credit constrained world. This is particularly true as traditional lenders pull back and GSO conversely has been aggressively expanding its footprint and diversifying its offerings. We are expanding up and down the capital stack, investing in the whole range of strategies from performing loans to stressed and distressed. GSO is viewed as a solutions provider partner to borrowers, helping them identify a financing solution and allowing them to get back to focusing on their businesses. Client demand for our investment vehicles remains strong as investors search for strategies that can deliver a higher degree of confidence and income in a low-growth, low-interest rate world. And this very much reflects on what Tony said in our earlier press call, that it's a world starved for yield and GSO can provide very high returns with a high level of safety. GSO is capturing share in this growing market, with total assets under management of $51 billion, up 50% year-on-year. I'll give that to you again. We're up 50% year-on-year in credit, driven by organic growth in our acquisition of Harbourmaster. Our drawdown carry funds generated solid returns in the second quarter. In fact, I'd say it's more than solid, with Mezzanine up 5.8%. Remember, this is against the world that was down 6%, our Mezzanine funds are up 5.8%, and our rescue lending fund was up 2.9%. On a year-to-date basis, these funds have appreciated 12.6% and 10.6%, respectively, which is pretty remarkable given what's happened in the world. We invested approximately $450 million in the quarter from these strategies and our first rescue lending fund is approximately 2/3 invested. While there are recall provisions that will extend the capital availability somewhat, we've commenced fundraising for our second rescue lending fund which we believe should be quite successful. During the second quarter, we launched our third business development company, which provides direct lending to middle-market borrowers as a core part of its investment strategy. We hit the equity cap on our previous BDC at $2.6 billion and now our new fund is tracking at a good pace. Last week, we priced our first CLO in 2012 a $500 million pool, which is one of the larger deals of the year and we plan to bring other CLOs to market later in the year as we expect this area to continue to recover as a meaningful source of capital for corporate borrowers. In our advisory segment, second quarter revenues declined 8% from last year, but were basically flat on a year-to-year basis, which is actually quite good compared to what's happening virtually every other place on Wall Street. In M&A, industry activity is down sharply from the first half of last year as CEO confidence, as Tony talked about, has seen a critical limiting factor in an M&A recovery. Despite this, our business was basically flat year-to-year in M&A, that's actually pretty remarkable. In Restructuring, while the market remains slow due to the availability of financing and loose monetary policy, our business had a very strong quarter for several transactions closed, driving a 50% increase in revenues. Lastly, at Park Hill, our placement business, while revenues were down year-over-year due to the lumpiness and when deals just happened to close, our pipeline is robust as fundraising market conditions are still challenging, driving demand for an experienced placement agent like Park Hill. In summary, as public market investors analyze our business, we believe you should focus on the long-term trends supporting our lifecycle: capital formation, number one, or our availability to raise new funds and products; number two, our focus on value creation, or our ability to invest the capital we raised in great assets with the strategy of transformation and improvement; and number three, our ability for investment realizations or the ability to harvest gains once we've created the value, driving performance fees for our public markets where we wait until we've improved the assets and we have an excellent time marketwise to exit this for the maximum value for our limited partners as well for our public investors. We've successfully raised substantial dry powder capital of this work, at $36 billion which is the biggest in the industry. We have $38 billion that's been invested in and is not yet earning performance fees because it's early in the investment period or we've not yet crossed the required rate of return for this fund, and we have nearly $50 billion that is invested in currently earning performance fees. As we've seen throughout our history, Blackstone will continue to drive outperformance for our investors through this simple lifecycle of capital, resulting in meaningful cash distributions for all of our partners. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Laurence Tosi, affectionately known here as LT, who will close with some comments on our financial results.
Laurence A. Tosi: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Since the time of Blackstone's IPO in 2007, a little more than 5 years ago, we've been focusing on setting a standard for transparency and objective clarity in all of our investor communications, particularly in our filings and on this quarterly call. As part of that ongoing process, we have sought the input of respected analysts, investors and the rating agencies to come up with a view of what is the best way to report the firm's performance. We published today, for the first time, the latest iteration of that effort. At the time Blackstone went public, we worked with analysts and investors and determined that we would have to adjust our GAAP results to show the actual operating results of the firm. That measure, derived directly from GAAP, is economic net income or ENI. Unfortunately, things have not been that simple. Because ENI is, technically, a non-GAAP measure, there's flexibility in how it is and can be defined by each firm that has followed us into the public markets, and that has bred inconsistency across our industry. The inconsistency has clearly frustrated investors and obscured direct comparability. While our details are the same, we're hoping that the new information and layout we present you with today will clear that up so that you could focus on and evaluate what is important, how we are running and growing Blackstone, and what the return to you, our investors, is and could be. As always, we welcome your input and feedback. This a process, not a conclusion. Second quarter ENI of $212 million brings Blackstone's year-to-date earnings to $704 million or $0.63 per unit. The second quarter was marked by volatility on our public holdings and investments held in non-U.S. currencies, particularly euros. Despite these market conditions, however, we generated $188 million in distributable earnings, bringing the year-to-date total to $351 million or $0.31 per unit, which is a solid result in difficult markets made possible by Blackstone's diversity and scale. Total fee revenues were up 7% on consistently strong asset growth, which drove base management fees up 20% over the last year in an environment of low to negative economic growth. I should also note that this quarter's results are hurt in part by comparability to the prior-year period. The second quarter of 2011 experienced not only more favorable markets generally, but specifically to Blackstone, it was also a period where we entered the catch-up phase for our largest Real Estate funds, which generated $450 million of performance fees in the year-ago quarter, a large part of which would've been accrued across several quarters, and not just one, but for the impact of that catch-up. At the end of the second quarter, the firm had $49.1 billion of assets currently earning performance fees, generating $1.75 billion or $1.58 a unit in accrued performance fees, net of compensation. The accrued performance fees are essentially a receivable, such that the entire $1.58 would convert to distributable earnings payable to unit holders if we sold those investments at the end of the quarter. We also ended the quarter with $1.35 billion of cash and liquids, and $2 billion of illiquid investments, which, in addition to the performance fee receivable, equates to $5.1 billion or $4.61 per unit of combined value on the balance sheet today. The illiquid investments of $2 billion are largely in our Private Equity and Real Estate funds and are held at a total of 1.2x their original capital cost, which demonstrates not only diversity and consistency of returns, but also the growth of our capital base even though over an extended period of disappointing market conditions. Blackstone continued to be very busy over the quarter and has committed or deployed $8.2 billion of capital year-to-date. 1/3 of that capital was committed outside the United States which provides insight into where opportunities can be found and is made possible by the unique global reach of the firm and the strategic advantage of our patient capital fund structures, particularly in a world of turmoil. Similarly, capital formation for Blackstone continues to be very strong and provides perhaps the clearest evidence of the growing concentration of allocations of sophisticated investors attracted to our leading track records, brand and scale. The firm had gross organic inflows of $17 billion or 10% in the last 6 months alone, and that excludes the additional $10 billion of assets that came with the Harbourmaster acquisition. In closing, Steve started the call highlighting the strength of Blackstone's competitive positionings and performance. We continued by pointing out that we believe greater transparency will enhance investor understanding of both Blackstone's absolute and relative performance. Alternative managers are the best positioned among all asset managers to attract and manage capital. Since 2006, Blackstone has grown AUM 174%, which is more than 3x as fast as the public traditional asset managers. In addition to favorable allocation trends, the long-term commitment structure of our funds affords us the ability to navigate difficult markets globally to adapt to market conditions to finally create value for our investors in many more ways than other asset classes. The firm's $121 billion of performance fee-eligible assets presents a unique opportunity for unit holders to participate in our value creation process, which Steve described. Even without the scale upside of performance fees, the steady cash earnings generated by our long-term fund structures produces a consistent cash distribution yield that is 2x more than public asset managers. In other words, while the timing of scale realizations and performance fees are often hard to predict, our model pays you to wait and rewards patience. Despite superior fundamentals and industry trends in Blackstone's competitive positioning today, Blackstone trades at the largest discount to the traditional managers that it ever has as a public company. While that gap is inexplicable and certainly frustrating to all of us, our focus is and always will be on providing the best returns for our investors and continuing to innovate ways to add value. What we do know is that with today's step forward with more transparency, the value Blackstone is creating should now be more evident. On behalf of all of us at Blackstone, we thank you for your time and we welcome any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Howard Chen of Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen: Just with respect to performance fees, could you provide a sense of what you think is more recurring across that performance fee base? Maybe things such as dividends and Private Equity or rents and cash flow from Real Estate investing coupon, interest from the GSO business, I think that'd be helpful.
Laurence A. Tosi: Sure. Howard, if I start with you, you go back to the disclosure we gave you on Page 22 and I promise I won't keep pointing back to pages, but as it's new to all of us, it's probably easier. What we did was a couple of things. We broke out carried interest from incentive fees, and generally speaking, incentive fees are realized on an annualized basis. So if you maintain the level of values in a particular portfolio and you reach that particular marking period, you get the realization. That's the first part. The second one, I would say is, if you look at the BREDS, which is Real Estate Debt Strategies in Real Estate, and if you look inside the Credit Businesses for all of their funds, those typically are yielding funds upon which we also get carried interest. And if that's your point, it's more recurring in the sense that you're getting a 20% performance fee on asset that yield anywhere between 10% and 12% on an annualized basis. I would also add to that, that several of the larger funds in Real Estate and Private Equity, frankly, given the decent operating environment, are also generating current income as well.
Howard Chen: Great. And then the next, a bigger picture question on Real Estate investing. I mean, given you're such as a scale player in the business, we've increasingly seen you invest in larger and more complex transactions than peers, and I guess I see no reason for that trend to end, but I'm just curious, in terms of the exit, can you speak to how you think about exit strategy in a business where you're separating the pack and -- from the pack in terms of deal complexity and size?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: This is Steve. No, in Real Estate on the buy side, there's obviously a distinct advantage and there's lots and lots of things to do. It's doing them all over the world and we think in that business, we have a very unique advantage in terms of being able to marshal the largest funds in the world to do those transactions and not to be underestimated that we have a high level of integrity here, and when we make deals, we make them and so people choose to really like to do business with us in the real estate industry, and that has been a very strong advantage for us over the years. In terms of exit, one of the great things about real estate is, you can buy a large highly complex pool of assets, but you can sell them one by one where there's no complexity at all for the buyer. Or you can sell them in a group of assets. And we can tailor exits to market demand and it provides enormous flexibility on both timing, size, and we've just done that. We just sold 4 hotels out of the whole group. Somebody wanted those particular hotels. We got a very good price, we believe, for it and our whole approach in that businesses is to buy properties that are either undervalued or have something that needs to be fixed. We fix them and then we sell them. So the complexity and the scale of the buy does not limit us on the sell.
Laurence A. Tosi: And in fact -- Howard, let me just add, in some cases, it can be an advantage because we have the scale to do -- to set up things like our own REITs and whatnot that are big enough to go -- to access the public equity markets that smaller investors couldn't do.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And one other thing with that, not to spend all our time on this, but it's actually so much fun, is that when you buy a big complex thing, you get a discount for doing that because you don't have the competition, either because of that size, somebody else can't marshal that. When you sell them, the assets in smaller amounts, you get much, much better cap rates. So not only do you fix the things up, you arbitrage the value to a more normal size, which makes it inherently a very good structure for us.
Howard Chen: Very interesting. And then just a final one for me, and maybe speaking with the exit theme, now if the private portfolio performance was flattish and fundamentals held in, I guess that suggests that you didn't adjust your exit timing. I know you don't want to liquidate anything prematurely and before it's time, but just can you discuss what drives and changes your exit timing assumptions?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, I mean, it's actually the real world. We live in the real world, and when the real world is slowing down, when markets last quarter, for example, were down 6% globally, that is not an ideal time to be exiting assets where we have money locked up for 10 to 12 years. In some cases, the companies aren't quite ready to exit. But as to timing, that's not exactly when you really try and do something, in effect jamming an exit just to get liquidity. We have no pressures at all for liquidity other than the fact that it would be great to sell everything as if we were near market top, which we're not as the global economy is going through a slowdown and a relative tough time. So what we do, when we look at an exit to see where we are in terms of the improvement of the asset and are we in an environment which will support a very high exit multiple, either in the marketplace, which looks iffy now, because of the difficulty of doing IPOs or to strategic buyers who tend to pay higher prices than the public markets. And I think if you look forward, and if we have a change in the economy for the positive, which will happen obviously at some point, that with strategic buyers loaded with cash, certainly in the U.S. and Canada, Latin America and Asia, that in that part of the cycle, we will be able to have very, very substantial realizations at surprisingly high prices, which is what tends to happen when the cycle really swings for you. And that cycle isn't swinging now, virtually anyplace in the world, and so our job is just simply to wait, keep improving the companies, feeding them capital, getting them to expand as rapidly as they can and there is a moment when we will puff these things out. And normally, over our evaluations, it's 20% to 25% and that's with a mix of a bunch of IPOs and a bunch of strategic sales. So I -- we don't mean to be even vaguely defensive about this. This is really just the way the world works and we'll be able to produce very strong returns when that happens.
Laurence A. Tosi: Yes, just a little color on that. And we have our analytics around when we're to consider an exit and we look at the return to our investors from continuing to hold versus a return, versus exiting at that price, regardless of where we are in terms of historic gains, and we have our hurdle rates for that. And depending on the risk, we'll assess as are we get paid enough to wait, to justify taking the risk and owning the company, and that's the kind of analytical decision we make. We make it all -- we're analyzing it all the time.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And as Tony mentioned, one other interesting thing is when you're holding a company and you're growing it, it's not like a bad thing is happening. And in addition, if you're paying down debt, that's really providing a return on your investors' equity which you will fully realize at a future time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Katz of Citigroup.
William R. Katz: In the discussion around sort of taking market share, I'm sort of curious if you have any more tangent evidence of gains. I know especially as a number of products per LP or maybe another type of metric you look at internally. And then maybe more broadly related to that, what are you hearing from institutions right now? Is there a slowing about allocation or any kind of change in the allocation toward alternatives?
Joan Solotar: Generally, when we look at market share, we're looking at our flows versus industry flows in that segment. So for example, we would look at hedge fund flows, fund-of-fund flows, then look at what BAAM's doing and get a feel for share and that's how we know the share has been going up.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And we can see in each of our business lines, because we manage money from the vast majority of people who are eligible to give it to us, we've got a feel of who they're giving money to, how much we're getting, whether we're increasing in absolute terms with that account or in relative terms compared to our competition.
Joan Solotar: We also own Park Hill, which, as you know, raises money for third parties and that gives us a good window across Real Estate, hedge funds, Private Equity as to what's happening in the broader industry. So it's a lot of different data points.
Laurence A. Tosi: The only thing, Bill, I'd add to that is that even in the market share in the markets we play in, we are not really still statistically significant. I mean, you're looking at our market share in any one of the markets we play in is less than low single digits, so that's not a limiter. What we have seen, though, in the 2 most recent fundraisings both in our mezzanine fund and GSO and the most recent BREP fundraising is a sharp increase in the diversification of high-quality LPs. So this recent BREP fund will have almost 40% new LPs over and above the ones that were already there, and in the GSO fund, it was almost twice as many. So you can see the allocation differences or trends evidencing themselves in the new fundraising.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: So, for example, in the Real Estate, assuming we get to our cap of $13 billion probably the next biggest fund in the world that'll be raised in that opportunity class will be several billion and our previous fund was $10 billion, this one would be $13 billion. Everybody else has shrunken hugely or been eliminated. So that's an easy class to measure that. BAAM is easy also because the results are published and we're significantly larger than anybody else and we keep growing and most other people in that class are stable to shrinking because those results are public. We can see our growth in credit also compared to our principal competitors, the asset class, is growing and we're growing very rapidly with that. So we have a pretty good sense of how to back that up as an assertion.
William R. Katz: Yes, that's very helpful. I appreciate the comprehensive answer. And the other question is, I mean that LT just one of the major I think [indiscernible] can cover you is [indiscernible] the multiple. Given the dry powder you have, given the diversification of the business, given what the stock is trading, how do you think about sort of cash flows, if you will? Obviously, your balance sheet is pretty liquid at this point in time. Any thoughts in reshaping that balance sheet for buyback or how do you see this?
Laurence A. Tosi: No, I don't think so. I think right now we're comfortable with where we've been. Actually our level of liquidity and the makeup of the balance sheet's been consistent over, frankly, several years. As you've seen, when given the opportunity, we have been strategic with the balance sheet to make acquisitions to bolt on things that we think are very strategically important. You will see in the quarter that we did re-up our revolving credit line, simply taking advantage of the fact that our credit was in demand, our bonds traded very well, we're viewed positively in the credit markets and the pricing was in the right place. So we extended that over the last, we just finished that about a week ago, for another year, so it's about $1.1 billion facility at less than our prior pricing and it actually has some new names in it. So, we feel good about where the balance sheet is. We think it's of strategic importance. At this growth level, I think we're in the right place.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, one question you asked that we didn't answer, which Tony, I think, did a very eloquent job of discussing on the press call, was your question about the increase of alternatives by the sources of capital. And you've seen the results from some of the large pension funds which are running 12 months, I guess, ending July -- June 30, 1% to 1.5% returns. This is utterly unsustainable for the pension fund system. And as Tony mentioned quite correctly is, that these funds increasingly need to have higher returns, and the only place where you can reliably do it is not in public markets. It's really in the alternative class. And we've seen a renewed interest and emphasis. There are special accounts, separate accounts being formed, institutions talking to us about how do we get higher levels of return with safety because we really need this stuff. It's not -- this isn't like college where these are elective. This started off as an elective course, alternatives, and it's moving into core curriculum because if we can keep giving these very high returns with very low downside risk, then you're going to have this continued shift to alternatives just because there's no place else for these funds to actually go on a risk-adjusted basis to beat their hurdles. And as Tony said, nobody is looking for higher taxes to put money into these anyway to outearn it. And so I think in that sense, the alternative class is well positioned, extremely well positioned, and our firm, in particular, is the only one that has this very substantial representation and outperformance in all 4 of the major alternative areas, Private Equity, Real Estate, hedge funds and credit. But I just wanted to loop back with you because we didn't answer that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim of Sandler O'Neill.
Michael S. Kim: First, just given kind of the ongoing improvement in fundamentals across your Real Estate holdings that you talked about earlier and kind of the maturity of the portfolios, what are some of the broader factors that come into play as it relates to driving either an acceleration in terms of selling some of these assets or kind of just waiting for better exit points, understanding that each investment is different?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think one of the things that's neat is that because there's very little building, we have a big exposure to the U.S. obviously, that because there's virtually no building going on in the United States. I guess we reported that occupancies improved by 300 basis points. If you take those types of improvements as you get closer to full, more normal levels of occupancy, you tend to get, if you're just talking about office or any of these asset classes, you get rent spikes or rent start going up. And when you sell those types of assets at that time period, where there's a perception that rents are going to be going up significantly above trend, you can get much more for those buildings. So in effect, we monitor all of these asset classes, we monitor the particular assets we own and where they are located to see where we are close to that kind of acceleration of revenue. And we get a much higher price because Real Estate itself is leveraged. So you get like a double bang on that.
Hamilton Evans James: But Michael, as you get towards full occupancy and it's never 100% because you've always got some turnover, as you get close to that, it becomes an obvious thing for you guys to think about that would be the time we'd be selling. Because I guess that's one of some of the other factors Steve's talking about would kick in.
Michael S. Kim: Got it. And then maybe just one for LT. It looks like base compensation was up a bit on a sequential basis. Was that really just mostly a function of kind of continuing to build out the franchise or was there anything lumpy in there that might've related to fundraising or anything else like that? Just trying to get a sense of that line and the trajectory going forward.
Laurence A. Tosi: Michael, you're right. Your instinct is right. It's not actually related to buildout, it was related to marketing activities. In some cases, when you do fundraisings, there's a decrease in the early time of the fund because you have an offset for basically distribution fees. And so the comp ratio will come up slightly because it's mistimed against the actual comp, and of course, then there's comp with respect to marketing. So that slight dip and you'll see it in Real Estate, for example, because they had fundraising in the quarter, that's just a onetime event that will then flatten out over that but it's -- that's what it reflects. It reflects the heightened business development activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: So I guess on the Private Equity side, if you could talk about kind of the outlook to your companies or thinking about for the remainder of this year. I think, Tony, you mentioned on the earlier call maybe stronger EBITDA growth in the second half of this year and from those companies. And just trying to get a sense of what's maybe driving that or how they're viewing in the kind of like -- the current environment.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, okay. Well, the -- I think they're thinking that, that sort of revenues from here have sort of bottomed out and that you get a little bit stronger revenue growth to start with. Nothing dramatic but a little bit stronger because as things -- as some of the leadership issues clarify themselves are one thing and another -- and Europe deals with issues, are one thing and another. In addition to that, you've had kind of an interesting commodity cost cycle, where it takes a while for those to work through the chain. But we recently had some lower commodity costs, which are starting to come through the chain now, which are actually reducing some of the cost of other companies. Well, between -- and by the way, some of them also, it just might be natural optimism, we asked the CEOs to be as disciplined and as skeptical as they can be, but they believe, for the most part, they've got actions they're taking that will work and will grow their companies. And so there might be some extra optimism in that. But collectively, those 3 factors mean that they're looking at a stronger second half than they believe.
Daniel Thomas Fannon: Okay, great. And then on the credit side, I think the number's roughly $5.4 billion in credit AUM that's not earning fees currently. I guess, how should we think about that kind of flow-through? Are they kind of rolling up into management fees over time?
Laurence A. Tosi: Dan, it's LT. I think the way to think about that, we try to break this out to make it a little easier. So if you look at the base management fees not earning fees sort of we're not keeping it's $5.4 billion, another way to look at it is, we go back to the credit business page, you'll see the amount of capital deployed in the quarter. So in this particular quarter, we put about $450 million to work and the way to think about that, that will play through. I would point out, though, that, that tends to be somewhat lumpy and $450 million is actually somewhat muted relative to their run rate over the last year. By the time they finish raising their last mezzanine fund, they were 25% invested from the first closings. So I would take that number and I'd roll it forward. The investment period remaining on the rescue fund, the last rescue fund is probably the next. I think, they think by the end of the year that'll close and the mezzanine fund is in its first of 3 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman of Barclays Capital.
Roger A. Freeman: Just actually following off that last question, in mezzanine, you had a fair amount of unrealized gains, is that -- what's sort of the typical -- you kind of discussed this in the last question, but what's sort of this typical style for realizing buildout gains in mezz?
Laurence A. Tosi: Well, it's a couple of things. First of all, we realize them pro rata add when we sell investment by investment, which is different than some of the structures that are out there. So what you're looking at right now, you're looking at the total receivable about $176 million in that segment, of which $106 million is related to the Mezzanine and rescue fund. I think that's the number you're pointing at. That'll be realized as we exit some of those investments and, frankly, it's a matter of time and the particular asset. It's somewhat hard to predict and that's why we decided giving you the receivable over time and you can see its fluctuations.
Roger A. Freeman: Got it, okay. And for this next rescue fund, it sounds like there's a fair amount of demand for these sorts of products and do you think this next one would be as big or bigger than that prior one?
Laurence A. Tosi: That's certainly our hope and expectation.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. On BCP V, can you -- this was in the release somewhere, update us on where that is relative to the hurdle rate? I think it was 11% last quarter.
Laurence A. Tosi: It was 12% last quarter and it's 13% this quarter.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. And then just a bigger picture conceptual question, do you -- are there any businesses, capital-intensive businesses, within Wall Street firms that don't work for them anymore under Basel 2.5, 3, potentially Volcker that you could restructure potentially into funds that could -- those could actually generate attractive returns? I'm thinking about the fleeting stories a few weeks back about Morgan Stanley considering selling a commodity business and using a potentially acquired amount. I'm not looking for a comment on that transaction, but just conceptually thinking about whether there's opportunities there or you'll just hire the people and build the funds?
Hamilton Evans James: Right. So it's a complicated answer and it's hard to generalize. But I would say that generally, the capital-intensive business that's part of Wall Street that are ongoing businesses are hard to fit in funds and hard to fit in our firm. We're not an asset-heavy business, we don't want to be an asset-heavy business. We manage other people's money. And certainly, other people don't want to put money and then have it be there forever. So it's hard to have an operating business around the fund that has a sunset. However, there are certainly a bit things we can create that supplement a base load of capital and we looked at some of those. There also things that these companies, that the Wall Street firms might sell. Ironically, they're not the capital-intensive businesses, but are the noncapital-intensive businesses that have a lot of value because that's where you really get a lot of the pickup in terms of regulatory capital and capital cushion, and so there'll be some of those trades as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelley of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley: So given your commentary on the conditions and the backdrop, I'd be curious to get your sense for what really gets us over the hurdle for M&A. And in the meantime, how selective are you in allocating capital to your portfolio of companies for growth given the backdrop that you mentioned?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, on M&A, I think we need to, in general, the corporate executives around the world need to feel like confident about where the major economies of the world are going and about what kind of regulatory environment and new regulations they're facing and in terms of the leadership in the key countries. I mean, and all of those things are sort of up for grabs right now. And so I don't see a robust M&A market until those things clarify, which they will. I couldn't tell you exactly when any more than you could. You'd probably know it better than I would. But it will clarify, that I'm pretty sure about, and at that point the M&A mark will swing up. We don't actually have to feed a lot of new capital into our portfolio of companies unless they want to make acquisitions. But generally speaking, on the growth initiatives, they can sell fund, though, so we don't tend to have dribs into the portfolio companies for those things. But if there's a transformational acquisition that requires a lot of outside equity, we love those because we're a synergistic buyer. In an environment where there's not much M&A, we can sometimes get some pretty good deals.
Matthew Kelley: Okay, great. And then going back to the Real Estate exits, not to beat a dead horse here, but it'll be helpful to kind of get your thoughts on by segment of your Real Estate portfolio, who the potential buyers are on your potential exits? That's it.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Real Estate is such a huge and diverse asset class that one of the wonderful things about the business is you can tell your exits to almost the size of any buyer of scale. And so laying out what you can do in each of the areas is something that we obviously keep in touch with, but it's a extremely broad group of potential buyers for virtually every one of the asset classes that we're in. And if you look at the number of REITs, the number of private owners of Real Estate, the number of institutions who like to buy Real Estate of the type that we own for income purposes as core Real Estate. It's a huge number of potential buyers.
Hamilton Evans James: In some cases, there are also strategic buyers and international sort of sovereign wealth fund guys so as Steve said it's -- and then I think, I don't know somewhere maybe in the press call we talked about it, and in some cases we can access the public markets directly ourselves, with portfolios on REITs. It's a full plant panoply and we'll see what's best at the time.
Matthew Kelley: Okay, that's very helpful. And then one final one for me, just in terms of the momentum you're seeing in BAAM, obviously you're continuing to get inflows there and the July 1 prescription number is strong. Do you think you're accelerating your share gain of that industry? Is that picking up even more now? And what are the discussions you're having with the clients there?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I would say that we are accelerating our gain there and it's quite interesting that in institutions in the liquid area really are quite downside-focused and we provide a lot of unique problem-solving that we don't just issue a fund to fund. We also have all kinds of state-of-the-art technology, tying ourselves into the LPs with reporting within other types of services that we provide. And you can check that the industry produces, I forget whether it's quarterly or semiannual numbers in terms of where the different groups stand, and we're continuing to put daylight between ourselves and the other managers in that asset class.
Hamilton Evans James: Mostly our big managers are best flat and many are declining so yes, we continue -- and that's in the hedge fund fund-to-funds broadly defined. In the direct hedge funds, though, there's quite a growth of direct hedge fund so I'm not sure the Fund-to-Funds industry -- the Fund-to-Funds industry in itself is not growing as fast as the hedge fund industry, so we're taking share in the Fund-to-Funds industry.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: And also, we benefit at the firm on the growth in the overall hedge fund area through our Park Hill area. We're a very significant marketer of hedge funds to institutions where we have a fee structure, where we get ongoing fees from those clients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry of Goldman Sachs.
Marc S. Irizarry: On Hilton, obviously, you guys have been talking for a while about RevPAR and improvement in the outlook and I guess you have created some equity value there. Can you just remind us where Hilton is in your portfolio, as in how you're thinking about sort of the -- an exit from Hilton?
Laurence A. Tosi: Marc, it's LT. Hilton's primarily in 3 funds, and so it's in BCP V, it's in BREP VI and BREP V. The biggest concentration is in BREP VI and the concentrations in BREP BCP will be the second-largest and BREP V being the third.
Hamilton Evans James: And on the balance sheet.
Laurence A. Tosi: And on the balance sheet.
Hamilton Evans James: There would be a fourth which is substantially smaller than the other two -- the other three.
Joan Solotar: And in terms of the exit, what we've said is, we would expect that at some point to take that public over the next few years.
Hamilton Evans James: The company is doing very well. And as the RevPARs keep growing and we keep opening units around the world, we also have a terrific management there, led by Chris Maceda [ph], and the whole investment has got a very good feel to it.
Marc S. Irizarry: Okay. And then Steve, this is just a big picture question, and I guess it's somewhat related to fees, but if you look at -- if you go back to your initial comment about the 4 key months of outflows from equity funds, clearly the world of traditional asset managers is looking at your world more frequently and there's more of a mainstream than you have alternatives going on, do you expect to see fee pressures in certain parts of the business or maybe more competition from -- are you sensing or seeing any competition from more of the traditional players in the space?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: We haven't really seen competition from the traditional players. At one point, there was some competition from the hedge fund industry that, for the most part, either blew off its left hand or its right hand trying to do this type of investing. You'll see some fee pressure just because institutions generally are having difficulty reaching their actuarial returns and they're looking for all kinds of different areas from personnel cuts in their own organizations to consolidation of managers, which so they can handle things easier at lower cost which really benefits our firm to some type of fee pressure on virtually everyone they touch in the institutional money management area. That's a normal type of thing when the customer is under pressure themselves. And the way that rolls through for us is, that we tend to get a larger market share of the business as institutions concentrate. It might hit us a little bit with some fee pressure in some areas. Sometimes incentives change a bit where we can make that up with higher performance. But there's an inexorable move, Marc, to more and more assets in this class, which is a big offset, if you will, from an earnings perspective for a superior manager picking up share.
Hamilton Evans James: Yes, I'll add just one note on that, I would say to the extent there's fee cutting it's in terms for a greater volume of assets and net-net is better for us.
Laurence A. Tosi: And if I can for a second, I just wanted to interrupt because I wanted to correct something that I said before, Marc, in answer to your questions about Hilton because I just wanted to make sure that we're 100% accurate here. So Hilton is primarily in BREP VI, that's where the largest investment for the firm is. Second largest concentration's in BCP V. The third then is that we have a substantial amount of co-invest in that investment. And then the last piece of it -- the last 2 pieces are in BREP International II and on the balance sheet so it's a very pervasive investment in Blackstone but everything else we said holds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski: I'm looking at Page 23 of your press release with an eye on kind of assessing the probability of BCP V becoming a carry generating fund, and I wonder is this the same disclosure that we had in your 10-Qs of the past? Because just when I -- if I look at the MOIC on the realized investments in BCP V, it's 1.7 now. At March, it was 1.4. And if it's comparable, it would imply like a $1.3 billion realization on only $70 million or $80 million of cost increase?
Laurence A. Tosi: Right. Chris, a couple of things. This is the same presentation, we made one change to it in response to investors, which was we used to have a category called unrealized investments and then one called partially realized or realized investments. And the conclusion was, the partially realized or realized bundled together was a little bit confusing. So we break the 2 apart. So it's either realized or it's unrealized. But in the realized portion, we don't put the unrealized portion of something that's been partially realized. So by creating that kind of bright line, if you will, you're right, the updating of the numbers, if you went to them sequentially wouldn't make sense, but we'll give you some background on that on the Q to give you some color to clear that up specifically, Chris. But that's the difference. But it's the catch-up.
Christoph M. Kotowski: It's not that there was a big realization?
Laurence A. Tosi: No, no.
Christoph M. Kotowski: And then secondly, what's the dollar amount of the catch-up to cuts into carry mode?
Laurence A. Tosi: I think the better metric on that, because, first of all, that fluctuates somewhat with respect to where you are and where it leverages, and there's a lot of different assumptions as to how you would get to that, but I think the better measure is to look at as things aren't sold just on the equity piece, they're sold on the total enterprise value. And so the total enterprise value change required to get to the hurdle is 13%. It was 12% at the end of last quarter.
Christoph M. Kotowski: Okay. And then finally, I realize it's hard to comment on, but if we look at the Real Estate segment over the last 2.5 years or so, I think there've been about $1.5 billion of unrealized performance fees and about $100 million of actual realizations -- you're probably not going to be able to say it, but I mean can one scale at all what one should expect in the 1.5 years ahead in terms of realizations are. There have obviously been press reports about the $22 billion that's up for sale?
Joan Solotar: Yes, I mean, it's -- that report, I think, was inaccurate or at least characterized what's happening inaccurately. So we're not actively marketing our office portfolio. In due course, it will be sold over the next several years that's consistent with what Steve said, the buy it, fix it, sell it model.
Laurence A. Tosi: And I also think, Chris, just look at the change in the balances with respect to the performance fees, they're going up at a pretty good rate. So you can see that the value being created for both the investors and those funds and the shareholders is solid right now.
Joan Solotar: Yes. And we did sell some small properties. We distributed about $800 million in cash to investors this quarter. That included over $400 million of sales.
Christoph M. Kotowski: And I'm going to assume that there is a big sale. In the back of our minds, there is the fact that the last time that Blackstone sold a $20-odd billion of real estate, there was a worldwide economic collapse immediately thereafter. I assume this time it's just that the acquirers are paying good prices?
Laurence A. Tosi: I think it's pretty low interest rates, as monies come back into the U.S. banking system, the system, certainly with the largest bank is -- the banks are underlent. It's an underlent system looking for earning assets. And if this will happen, don't give us too much credit for prescience, though that would be great we're only...
Hamilton Evans James: Don't expect a major disposition program here either. I mean, that's not where we are.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: We're not sitting around, picking a moment. We're fixing the properties, we're seeing the cycle ripen, and we'll be exiting in due course. We get people call us all the time for assets and REITs, want to buy things. And so it's really a question of our choosing not whether we can exit these types of assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson of Stifel, Nicolaus.
J. Jeffrey Hopson: In terms of the hedge Fund-to-Funds, wondering if there's any, I guess, capacity limitations there in developing new ideas, et cetera. And I think I heard you talk about single-family real estate, and I'm curious, it sounds like that's fairly labor-intensive. So do you have the infrastructure in place? And when you eventually -- how much do you have invested today when you eventually sell? Would this be bigger portfolios that you put together? And then finally, in terms of operating costs, and I think Real Estate and credit saw a fairly sizable reduction this quarter. Just curious, versus the first quarter, which is a better run rate? Any input as to what's going on there?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: In terms of question number one, limitation on the Hedge Fund-to-Funds, we keep actually customizing different types of strategies, and there appears to be a huge demand for different types of strategies, both between debt equity, commodities, other types of assets done either globally or regionally. And when you look at all of those different types of approaches with clients with different levels of risk appetite, that you'll be able to see that there's a very large potential appetite for growth of our services to those institutional clients with some just getting into the asset class for the first time.
Hamilton Evans James: A lot of new entrants.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: A lot of new entrants with that and new entrants tend to want to work with some -- with an organization that has a top reputation because the asset class is often viewed by boards of trustees as a little risky. And so doing it on your own has career risk potentially for people working at these institutions. In terms of the home purchasing business, you're absolutely right that there is a limitation in terms of how you manage this thing. Hold on, I got like a phone call here.
Hamilton Evans James: Let me handle that. So it's a very labor-intensive local business because, obviously, you've got rental units all over the place, and the furnace breaks, somebody got to go fix it. So what we've done is, first of all, we've concentrated in a few regions of the country. And where we have the infrastructure and that infrastructure has come primarily from strategic partners that already run a lot of rental units, most of them apartment units, but not necessarily exclusively apartment units. And so we've teamed up and that's how we do that. And as we build the infrastructure in new regions, where we think it's attractive in terms of the home price appreciation and the availability of merchandise, some of the demographic factors and other things we look at, we then enter new regions. And this could be quite large, but certainly hundreds of millions of equity. I don't know how large it'll be because it seems like all of a sudden, it's getting a lot of -- a lot more attention and added capital's coming. When that happens, then pricing will adjust. We'll have to see how it plays out but so far, we're quite excited about it. And we think it's really good for the economy and for the people in the homes and for a lot of things. So we think it's a really exciting thing to do.
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: Yes, make no mistake that the critical variable here is the one you recognize, and we are super careful about what we're doing because you don't want to have unhappy people in those homes, you don't want to have complaints. You want to make sure that you've done your diligence which is on a very micro level. It's really house by house. Just buying huge pools to put some assets on and hope that works is not our strategy because you can have some bad outcomes there. So we're putting together in very granular way an operating approach that will work, combined with the buy side. But it's really having your infrastructure in places like any really good entrepreneurial activity. Imagine starting a firm like ours without a back office that really works, you'll blow yourself up and that'll do the same thing with some people who are playing around with this asset class as well.
Laurence A. Tosi: So the last question I think you had, Jeff, was about the operating expenses in Real Estate and credit, and you're correct. The run rate in the second quarter is down from the first quarter, which reflects a decrease in business development expenses related to the latest BREP fund and the closing of the Mezzanine funding credit. So the second quarter run rate is more reflective of the ongoing run rate than it is the first.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Carrier of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier: If I look at the fundraising that you guys have done, it has been very successful really across the product areas of -- and deployment and realizations, particularly in Real Estate but also in like credit, it's been also successful. It seems like that the hurdle and it's partly industry-wide is just on the Private Equity side. So when we look at the dry powder, that's where you're heaviest. And when we look at the rate of deployment, it seems like it's been a little slower. So when I think about next year, 2 years, you still see attractive opportunities out there, are you looking at things differently in terms of the types of transactions? And do you need some clarity on the macro front in order to get more active?
Stephen Allen Schwarzman: I think what happens is, that your ability to typically set up a deal that is correlated to M&A volume. And M&A volume tends to dry up when economies go down. It's like a cycle that never changes. There are always interesting things to buy in the private equity industry. There's always some country that tends to be out of cycle. There are always some assets that gets sold on a distressed basis. There's always some assets that need to be sold for liquidity reasons. And so there's always a steady stream, but you have these peaks and valleys. The valleys tend to occur when economies are weak or going down because nobody typically likes to buy an asset and find out that 6 months to a year later, because its earnings went down or the markets went down and you bought an asset that's worth a lot less than you paid. So the experience we've had over sort of 26 years of doing this is that you expect investment rates to be somewhat lower in times when things are going down. And when you hit the bottom and it starts coming up, that's the time when you want to be deploying maximum amounts of money, if you are a market timer. And we actually try to be a bit of market-timers. Some things you can buy when things are down that are readily viable, more energy assets and things of that type. People need capital and you can fulfill that need and you can buy them cheap, and that's our business. But if you're looking for just a steady investment rate, it does, of course, fluctuate with overall economic conditions.
Hamilton Evans James: Mike, we put $2 billion committed and invested in the first half of this year in Private Equity. That's a pretty good level. I mean, the fund size won't support much more than that on a sustained basis. But so that's what I want to say. Second I want to say, it's lumpy so that you can -- one deal can be $800 million of equity or something then when it swings so you get close to a deal and then maybe you miss it, you don't invest quite so much that quarter. That quarter, you might do 2 or 3 of them and all of a sudden it looks like a huge investment rate. So just remember that it's quite lumpy. In Real Estate, of course, they're putting out money in sort of a record pace right now that's unsustainable.
Michael Carrier: Yes, okay, and that's helpful. And then just on the exit side, so just focusing on Fund V and Private Equity, can you -- are there certain investments -- because obviously if the environment gets better, it's going to lift all boats, like that's just better for most investments. But are there specific investments that the teams are working on that can drive greater efficiencies, drive stronger revenues. I guess, is there anything that you can highlight that are somewhat like the  core holdings in those -- in that fund?
Hamilton Evans James: Well, we always, good times or bad, we try to get as much efficiency and drive as much growth as we can. So we've been at that and it's one of the reasons right through the downturn that our company has grew EBITDA and grew revenues in 2008, 2009, 2010, they continue to chug along. So I can't single out anything in particular that's new and different that we weren't doing.
Operator: This brings us to the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now hand the call back over to Ms. Joan Solotar for closing. Please proceed.
Joan Solotar: Great. Thank you, everyone and I look forward to following up after the call.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to The Blackstone Group's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Our speakers today are Stephen A. Schwarzman, Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, External Relations and Strategy. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Joan Solotar. Please proceed. 
Joan Solotar: Great. Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, and welcome to Blackstone's First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, CFO. 
 Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results and you can get that on our website. We expect to file our 10-Q in a few weeks. 
 So I'd like to remind you, today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and outside the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. You can see a discussion of some of the risks that could affect the firm's results in the Risk Factor section of our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. And we will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, and for reconciliations back to GAAP, you should refer to our press release. 
 So I'd also like to remind you that nothing that we say on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any of our Blackstone funds. This audiocast is copyrighted material of The Blackstone Group and may not be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. 
 So we reported economic net income or ENI of $0.39 per unit in the first quarter. That was down slightly from $0.40 in the fourth quarter and $0.51 in the first quarter of last year. If you recall, last year's first quarter included the catch-up in the Real Estate funds. 
 For the first quarter of 2012, our distributable earnings were $162 million or $0.15 a unit, and that was down slightly sequentially as higher management fees were offset modestly by lower performance fees. So even though we had appreciation in the funds, we had less appreciation than we did in the prior period. 
 We'll be paying out $0.10 per unit distribution related to the first quarter to common holders of record as of May 15. So as always, if you have any questions related to the release or any earnings within, just follow up with me or Weston Tucker after this call. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve Schwarzman. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning. As you know, global equity and credit markets moved sharply higher in the first quarter, continuing their strong run off the October market lows, with double-digit percentage increases in both the global and emerging markets indices. 
 In the U.S., the S&P rose above the psychologically important 1,400 level for the first time since the summer of 2008. And NASDAQ rose above 3,000 for the first time since the tech bubble burst in 2000. Volatility declined with the VIX near a 5-year low. Investors' increasing appetite for risk was driven by better-than-expected economic data in the U.S., including weekly jobless claims, housing consumer sediment data, as well as some relief in Europe, following the positive participation in the first LTRO program. Late in the quarter, however, and into the second quarter, economic data began to fall short of rising expectations, including the latest U.S. jobs report. 
 While the unemployment rate continued to decline, falling to the lowest level in 3 years, it remains well over its historical norm at this point in an economic recovery with over 20 million people currently unemployed or underemployed in the United States. 
 The Federal Reserve has indicated continued commitment to accommodated monetary policy. Although it's taking a wait-and-see approach towards any QE3. Capital inflows into equity mutual funds remain anemic. Europe remains an area to watch as manufacturing output is slumped, particularly in countries where governments are applying austerity measures to battle the debt crisis, which actually isn't fully over. The number of people without jobs in the Eurozone rose to a fresh high in February as the unemployment rate reached 10.8%. 
 Against the current unpredictable economic and political drop -- backdrop, investors continue to search for yield and safety. Our focus on generating outstanding returns for our investors in any market environment has translated to continued success in attracting new capital. In the first quarter, our limited partners again entrusted us with net capital inflows in every one of our businesses. We experienced gross organic inflows across the firm of nearly $12 billion, nearly $22 billion, including our acquisition of Harbourmaster. We ended the quarter again with a record level of total assets under management, in this case, $190 billion, up 27% year-over-year. If we exclude acquisitions, AUM was still up nearly 20%. 
 We have a record $38 billion of dry powder capital across the firm to put to work over the next several years. I actually remember when we had no assets under management. When we started the business, we had 2 people. And getting to $190 billion is actually, in our alternative asset class, with excellent performance of all of our principal businesses, is actually quite something. 
 In Private Equity, the carrying value of our portfolio increased 4.9% in the first quarter. This appreciation was driven by a 6.4% increase in our public holdings and a 4.4% increase in our private holdings. The greatest depreciation occurred in the retail consumer, industrial and leisure segments. Our companies continued to perform well in an environment of slow economic growth and high uncertainty with an estimated average revenue growth of about 5% in the first quarter. We invested and committed $760 million in the quarter, primarily into follow-up investments in the energy sector. We remain very active in energy on a global basis and across subsectors, with a backlog of over $3 billion in potential transactions. 
 Blackstone is well positioned to invest in this capital-intensive industry, given our large pool of flexible dry powder, our deep industry knowledge and our very strong track record of compelling returns over the past 15 years in energy investments. 
 In addition, we have a local presence both in industrialized countries that need to develop production capabilities, as well as in more mature economies that are converting from fossil-based fuel generation to renewable resources. 
 We've also committed hundreds of millions of dollars into growth areas in North America, such as the production of oil and gas from shale. Example of this is our pending investment in Cheniere Energy Partners, which would fund the construction of a natural gas liquefication export facility that you've probably read about and heard about through the media. 
 We've had a long-standing relationship with Cheniere through both our Private Equity team and more recently, our GSO credit business. This project is expected to create approximately 3,000 jobs during construction and indirectly support over 30,000 jobs at U.S. E&P companies. 
 As is the case with our other recent energy investments, Cheniere would be funded by both our BCP VI global fund, as well as our newly dedicated energy fund. To date, we've completed $1.2 billion in joint investments from these funds. Our energy fund raise is near completion, with approximately $1.5 billion in commitments towards our goal of $2 billion, which we expect to reach by our final close this summer. 
 With regard to the environment for new financings, in the first quarter, we saw record new issuance levels of U.S. high yield and leverage loans, but proceeds were primarily used for maturity extensions and for opportunistic refinancings rather than funding new LBOs, which is an industry-wide type phenomena. 
 Notwithstanding ongoing concerns regarding European sovereign debt issues, financing conditions for U.S. leveraged buyouts are quite favorable at the current time, which unfortunately keep prices somewhat high. Faults remain at historic lows, and spreads continue to be above mid-cycle norms, driving strong inflows and creating a very attractive cost of financing for LBO-related issuances, but again, driving prices a bit higher. 
 European credit outlook is more bearish, generally, although we've seen a significant rally in the secondary markets, and to a lesser extent, new issue market. 
 Environment for realizations remains volatile. In the first quarter, greater investor risk appetite drove increased capital markets activity and better new issue pricing performance. However, M&A volumes have remained muted as strategic buyers have not meaningfully stepped into the market despite historically high cash balances. Against this mixed backdrop, we've had $800 million of investment realizations in the first quarter, primarily in BCP V, which is not yet earning carry. These included successful secondary offerings for TDC and Nielsen, as well as cash dividends from SeaWorld and AlliedBarton. 
 We took 5 companies public last year, but did not sell down any of our interest until the first quarter this year with Nielsen as an IPO is usually the first step in a multiyear exit cycle. We also recently filed the IPO for Michael's. We will continue to monitor equity and M&A conditions to further monetize mature investments. 
 Moving on to Real Estate, where we remain in a unique market-leading position, both in terms of our current portfolio, as well as our ability to deploy capital. We now manage over $48 billion in assets, up nearly 40% from the prior year. It's a huge increase, an asset class where most people can't raise any money, including capital raises for our new flagship global fund. 
 We had a very successful closing for this fund in February, bringing us to over $10 billion of total capital raised. The fundraising is mostly complete. We would expect a couple of billion dollars more in commitments over the course of the year, which will make it the largest Real Estate opportunity fund ever raised and multiples in terms of size of our nearest competitors where that multiple of size gives us the ability for competitive purposes to do larger and more complex deals. 
 Little new supply and slowly increasing demand for commercial space, fundamentals continue to improve from the lows of the cycle. This has resulted in occupancy improvement and rent growth in most of our core markets. Our key office assets in the United States, occupancy is up 300 basis points versus the prior year. In Northern California, our strongest office market, the site of the tech boom in the United States, office rents are up more than 15% from the prior year. This gives you some sense of what happens when the law of supply and demand reasserts itself. 
 Hospitality, we're seeing similar trends as virtually no new supply and modest increases in demand have led U.S. RevPAR to rise 8%. Positive absorption and declining vacancy is also evident in our industrial, retail and senior living assets. Brixmor, which is formerly called Centro, which is -- actually I like the Centro name better, but nonetheless, we're going with Brixmor, which is the large portfolio of grocery-anchored shopping centers that we acquired last year. Remember, that was the largest deal in the world of any of the leverage types since Lehman collapsed. Occupancy is at its highest level since 2009 due to accelerating leasing activity. Overall, steadily improving fundamentals drove an increase in the carrying value of our portfolio of 4% in the first quarter or over $1 billion in value. Majority of this value appreciation came in our office and retail properties. 
 Deal flow is robust. But the investing environment has remained favorable given the amount of distressed assets, the need to deleverage around the globe. In fact, Tony and I spent a lot of our Sundays reading investment committee meetings in Real Estate for our Monday morning meetings, and it is really a big volume of activity. 
 Although improving, debt markets are still constrained in Real Estate. In addition, competition for large complex transaction remains limited, which is a good thing for us. Two weeks ago, The Wall Street Journal published an article illustrating an 80% decline in commitments to closed and private real estate fund since the peak of 2008, and the number of funds in the market has also sharply declined. 
 U.S. and Europe continue to be the most attractive places to deploy capital. And in Europe, specifically, entry valuations are looking increasingly compelling. We deployed our committed $2.3 billion in capital so far this year across our platform. That's $2.3 billion in 3 months, with 40% of this in Europe. This is the distressed wave that people have been talking about. 
 Notable recent transactions include: a large retail power center portfolio acquired in an off-market transaction from a highly leveraged seller; a high-quality Real Estate Portfolios in the U.S. and the U.K.; and the recapitalization of a 1,000-room hotel in San Francisco, one of the nation's strongest hotel markets. All are being purchased at a significant discount through replacement cost. 
 In terms of dispositions we've sold or have under contract to sell, nearly $800 million in assets so far in 2012, which includes the sale of Pearlridge, a mall in Hawaii, which closed in the second quarter. The Pearlridge sale is expected to generate a multiple of invested capital of 2.4x our money in approximately 18 months, and that shows you the power of what we do both in terms of leverage Real Estate, the power inherent in right types of deals and leverage equity, in this case, good timing, great asset, good purchase price, 2.4x your money, 18 months. 
 We sold approximately $1 billion in assets in the last 12 months. On average, sales were completed at significant premiums to the prior quarter's carrying value. Although we were delayed in the second half of last year with some of our plans for realizations due to market turbulence, the market appears to be opening up more, particularly for properties that are stabilized. As such, we expect more asset sales in the second half of this year and into next year. 
 Moving on to BAAM, our Hedge Fund Solutions business which continues to distance itself from our competitors and continues to take share. Our institutional clients, consisting primarily of pension funds, government institutions and corporations, are consolidating their allocations with leading providers, who are able to deliver customized portfolios and value-added services. BAAM has been a clear winner against this backdrop and the biggest winner in the world. 
 In the first quarter, BAAM reported net inflows of $1.6 billion, including April 1 subscriptions. This positive momentum continued from 2011 when BAAM had $7.5 billion of inflows against a backdrop of $70 billion of combined net inflows for the fund-to-funds and hedge fund industry in total, according to HFR, which means that we raised about 10% of the entire monies raised in the fund-to-funds industry and the actual hedge fund industry. This is pretty substantial market share. 
 Our team remains focused on delivering customized programs, which now account for half of our AUM, as well as focusing on providing additional services, such as advisory, due diligence, technology and knowledge transfer. Our culture of product innovation also broadening our investor base beyond the traditional fund-to-funds audience, paving the way for substantial future growth. 
 BAAM's composite return is about 4% in the first quarter, generating approximately $1.7 billion in appreciation for investors. Importantly, during the quarter, an additional $9 billion in fee-paying assets moved above high-water marks and started to accrue incentive fees. Our solid performance in inflows resulted in record total assets under management as of April 1 of $44 billion. 
 Moving on to our credit platform, GSO, which remains one of our fastest-growing businesses. The combination of organic growth and selective acquisition drove total AUM to $51 billion at the end of the quarter, up 61% from the prior year or 23% year-over-year on an organic basis. Since Blackstone's combination with GSO in early 2008, more than double the assets under management in our credit platform, and, in fact, it's now our largest AUM business at the firm. 
 We held the final closing on our second mezzanine fund during the quarter, which hit its $4 billion cap. We actually could have sold more, and it's the largest mezzanine fund to be raised since the financial crisis began. This fund is twice the size of our first mezzanine fund, which we raised in 2008. Our scale and size allow us to focus on high-quality upper, middle-market borrowers where there exists a substantial gap in available financing, following the retreat of many of this segment's traditional competitors, such as banks. 
 Since we started investing the fund in early November, we've already deployed or committed $1 billion. Our first and second mezzanine firms have performed very well, generating combined gross annualized returns of 23% since inception, which is actually more than most private equity funds have generated during that period, and we're doing it at a lower level and the capital structure with much -- excuse me, a higher level of the capital structure with much more security. 
 Our rescue lending platform was also active in the first quarter and is now 66% invested or committed. This is down slightly from the first quarter simply due to realizations of roughly $400 million, for which the invested capital is recallable, which is a good thing. This strategy has generated a gross annualized return of 22% since inception in 2009, due to again very high level of performance. And we plan to start raising a successor fund later this year. This will add to the $6 billion in dry powder we currently have in our credit platform to take advantage of opportunities we're seeing globally. 
 In January, we close the acquisition of Harbourmaster with approximately $10 billion in CLO assets. We've had a very smooth integration to date. This acquisition furthers our strategy of building scale and diversity in Europe and exposes us to an LP base with little overlap. It was a good net expansion of the firm and its relationships. 
 Without a significant credit capability and large capital base, we see a big opportunity to provide solutions to good quality, middle-sized credits in Europe as the banks have reduced their noncore  lending activity. And unlike in the U.S., there is not a deep public high yield market in Europe. 
 Finally, our flagship credit-oriented hedge fund performed well in the quarter up 4.6% gross. And we experienced moderate net inflows of $50 million, including April 1 subscriptions. 
 Our Advisory segment, first quarter revenues rose 7% from last year, but were down from a seasonally strong fourth quarter as expected. Our M&A business, despite a slowing of industry volumes in the quarter, revenues were up over 60% from the prior year. This is pretty remarkable given the slowdown of M&A. But it's a lumpy business, as you know. While the M&A environment generally remains weak, our 2012 backlog is healthy, with an increase in deals versus the same period last year. 
 Restructuring, we continue to be busy despite a slowdown in the restructuring market. And again, revenues rose over 40%. Part of the reason for that is we had a really interesting assignment representing the banking system and the negotiations with the Greek government, which closed. 
 Finally, at Park Hill, our revenues declined due to the lumpiness of the business. Our pipeline is very robust as fundraising market conditions are challenged and placement services are in high demand. 
 In summary, we're seeing positive trends across all of our businesses. Each is well positioned to take advantage of opportunities in the market. Each of our businesses has leading scale and strong performance. It is in their combination that sets Blackstone apart from the world of alternative investing. 
 Our portfolio of companies and investments are seeing steady appreciation in value. We will continue to opportunistically monetize as markets heal, reverting value creation to both returns from our limited partners, as well as cash earnings for our public unitholders. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Laurence Tosi, LT to us, who will close with some comments on our financial results. 
Laurence Tosi: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Over the last year, Blackstone continued a trend of strong, consistent, best-in-class growth. In just the last 12 months alone, Blackstone grew fee-paying assets by 26% despite the fact that the same time we returned $12 billion to our investors. Blackstone's growth is twice the average growth rate of the leading alternative managers and against a backdrop where the top 10 traditional asset managers showed net contraction in 2011. 
 Our growth is reflective of, first and foremost, our fund returns and attractive and expanding offerings to investors, as well as market share gains across our investing platforms. More generally, it is also reflective of the long-term positive trends in global allocations to alternatives and the concentration of investors with fewer market-leading names. 
 Blackstone's asset growth is a leading indicator of our earnings potential, and the first quarter of 2012 demonstrated that increasing momentum. Over 70% of fee-earning assets are under long-term, locked-up contracts, driving pure management-fee revenue growth of 29% year-over-year. Against a backdrop of difficult markets and fundraising challenges, Blackstone's pure fee stream has doubled since the time of the IPO in 2007, creating a solid base of consistent cash earnings. Our total fee revenues, which includes transaction fees, were up 17% over the last year, despite the fact the transaction levels were significantly down in more uncertain markets in the first quarter of this year compared to the year-earlier period. Our potential for fee revenue upside and earnings leverage from transaction fees from the industry's largest transaction fee eligible asset base is a distinguishing characteristic of Blackstone's earnings outlook. 
 Even with muted realization levels, Blackstone's fee revenue growth drove significant operating leverage as net fee-related earnings rose 40% to $138 million in the quarter and our fee margin expanded by 5 percentage points to 27%. The expansion was driven, in part, by the 55% growth in fees our credit segment enjoyed, which now reflects the full earnings of that segment following our purchase of the remaining 15% profits interest from the GSO principals at the end of last year. 
 Blackstone's credit segment is now its largest and the first to surpass the $50 billion threshold in total assets. Included in that number is $6 billion of committed assets in credit not yet paying fees. 
 A few other fee-related items worth mentioning, largely for clarification. In our Real Estate segment, fee revenues benefited from a $19 million, onetime catch-up related to the fund raised for our new global Real Estate fund. Additionally, in our Advisory segment, the expense accruals in the first quarter reflect that under GAAP, expenses should be calculated on a full year basis, and therefore, include fees related to deals that are announced but have not yet closed. This fact, combined with a seasonally lower first quarter, impacted results. On a full year basis, we expect margins will be similar to last year. 
 ENI for the quarter of $432 million reflected one of the best quarters Blackstone has had since going public as each of our investment businesses posted strong fund performance. Looking past the difficult comparison to the unusually strong first quarter of 2011, which had both a catch-up in Real Estate carry and several significant realizations of Private Equity, we achieved $469 million in performance fees and investment revenue in the quarter. The firm currently has $1.6 billion or $1.49 per unit of net accrued performance and incentive fees on the balance sheet, up 63% from the same period last year. 
 One additional detail driving these numbers is the demand and growth in performance fees. The performance fee comp ratio for some of our pre-IPO legacy, Private Equity and Real Estate funds, is lower than the 40% we project for the current funds. Specifically, BCP IV, which is in full carry, 85% of the performance fees will go to unitholders. That compares to 99% in BREP V and 70% in BREP VI. In total of the $1.6 billion of net performance fees on the balance sheet, $1.4 billion can be attributed to those 3 funds. 
 The unique diversity of Blackstone's growing performance fee stream is a key earnings driver that is often overlooked. This is particularly true in Blackstone's less volatile or countercyclical strategies like BAAM, credit and our Real Estate Debt Strategies business, where we have $46 billion in performance-fee eligible assets and $98 billion of total assets growing at a 26% CAGR, which are designed to generate low beta returns or current income yield. 
 If you add the net performance fees from these businesses that were realized in the last 12 months to our fee-related earnings, the run rate is $800 million of fee-related EBITDA. In total, Blackstone now has $120 billion of total performance fee-eligible assets, up 21% year-over-year, with $49 billion already earning performance fees. Despite investing $2.8 billion in the quarter and $15.7 billion over the last 12 months, the firm's growth outpaced that investment spend. 
 In the quarter, dry powder grew to a record $38 billion, net of -- which includes $12 billion of committed assets that are not yet paying fees. At Blackstone, one of the key drivers of our business is our culture of innovation, which results in a constant development of new businesses and vehicles, which we think will give our fund investors the opportunity to achieve best-in-class returns. The tangible impact of this culture can be seen in the quarter's results and our consistently high growth. 
 Blackstone had $50 billion in gross inflows over the last 12 months, and that growth was spread evenly across products that were newly innovated over just the last few years, strategic acquisitions and the organic growth of our existing businesses. That growth in the last year comes on top of pure organic inflows of $74 billion from 2008 to 2011, a difficult time in the markets, and that excludes the impact of any acquisitions. We believe that growth and the gross inflows is roughly 2x the nearest alternative manager. 
 We ended the quarter with cash and liquid investments of $1.1 billion, illiquid investments of $2.2 billion and net accrued performance fees of $1.6 billion, which equates to $4.46 per unit combined value on the balance sheet. We retained our AA+ ratings from S&P and Fitch, the highest in the industry. 
 On behalf of everyone at Blackstone, thank you for your time in joining the call, and we welcome any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Kim, Sandler O'Neill. 
Michael Kim: First, just in terms of fundraising, you've obviously benefited from brand online, new flagship, Private Equity, Real Estate and mezz funds. But just beyond that, where do you see the biggest opportunity is to raise capital maybe over the next couple of years? Is it more regional funds or alternative credit or what have you? And any color there would be helpful. 
Hamilton James: Okay, Michael, it's Tony talking. Actually, I think there's a number of different directions we can go. We definitely have possibility to do some regional funds, most particularly Asia and emerging markets focus where there's a lot of investor interest and not many high-quality vehicles. And the investors tend to be underweighted to emerging markets, first of all. Secondly, in places like Real Estate, we can go to core Real Estate and some things like that, which they're huge asset classes. Investors are hungry for yield, they're hungry for inflation hedge. And we have, of course, have tremendous market knowledge and ownership of assets throughout all the major regions. And that could be a very large asset class. The GSO guys are -- have all kinds of options to create new credit vehicles, new yield vehicles. And so, they have a very complicated product slate already. But one of the fastest-growing areas there is their long-only business. In the BAAM areas, they've got a new opportunistic fund. There's a lot of demand for their seed fund, and they're creating sort of proprietary products. Again, a lot of growth areas. So I don't think there's any one direction that this could go. As you know, in Private Equity, we're raising a sector-specific fund now energy .There could be other sector-specific funds. I think we have a lot of choices, and the key thing to do is just not get too distracted with going too many directions at once and whatever we do, to do it really well. 
Michael Kim: Okay, that's helpful. And then it seems like unitholders are -- may be focusing more on distributable earnings. So when you just think about this transition from the economic net income to distributable earnings, has that timeline maybe been extended to some degree just given the macro environment? And then where do you think we are in that process? Do you still feel like we could see that transition ramp up later this year or more 2013? Is that kind of the timeline you're thinking about? 
Hamilton James: Well, we started last year thinking that, that would be a fairly big year based on the early part of the year markets that were robust. And then of course, European worries rippled through the system, and the markets were pretty ugly until the end of the year. And I'm a bit concerned we'll have that again. But market -- so it is market dependent, but we lost -- we didn't get -- we didn't do as much last year as was expected because of the market back-up. In our portfolio, we have some things that are ready to go if we thought the time was right across the board. And we have some assets that are fairly new, a lot of value still being created, and we think it's premature, so it's kind of a mix. I think that -- but to answer your question more specifically, if markets hang in there like generally like we see them now, I think you'll see realizations ramp up starting late this year and next year will be a much stronger year as well that following year or 2. 
Michael Kim: Okay. And just finally, I understand there were some timing issues as it relates to the expenses in the Advisory business. And I know you've continued to generate strong AUM growth and build out the franchise. So just where do you think we are in that process? And how do you think about incremental spending as well as kind of fee-related margins going forward just as you maybe start to realize more revenues from some of these growth initiatives? 
Laurence Tosi: It's LT, Michael. Let me start with I think we saw a period during the downturn where we were pretty aggressive with expanding our global footprint. We were investing in some new products, and we were investing in marketing in the platform. I think that the heavier period of that has probably come down a little bit. If you noticed, we had fee-earning leverage both on a comp ratio, as well as in our fixed cost ratio, our non-compensation ratio. So while I don't know that it expected to expand that much more, it is continuing momentum and reflecting the growth. With respect to Advisory, it's seasonal. So over the last 5 years, we've typically recognized about 20% of a full year's revenues in the first quarter. But because under GAAP, you accrue a full year, you have 25% of the year's expenses. In this year, in particular, we had some deals that were announced, but not closed, so we had the expense associated with them, but not the revenue. So I would expect that, as it has in prior years, to iron itself out. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz, Citigroup. 
William Katz: Just a couple of questions. Just staying on the few -- LT perhaps. Are you seeing any pressure from LPs around 2 things within fee-related earnings, under the absolute level of fee-related earnings, either the management fee or even the mix of the components within the -- within it between monitoring and transaction fees, et cetera? 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think -- this is Steve. There's a general sort of pressure on different elements of fee structure, particularly in Private Equity, much more than any of our other businesses. And that takes the sort of the case and really very large investors. It's not an across-the-board phenomena. We're already quite low on management fees, as Tony mentioned, compared to most other firms. I mentioned that in the press call. And we see little pressures in different parts of the structure, not normally in the carry element  of it, not in the hurdle rates. Sometimes, the largest investors in the world want a special discount for size in management fee breaks. That's something that has occurred in the Private Equity area, really for, at least, the last 10 to 15 years. But those breaks are a little more accentuated. I would also say the dollars involved are larger than they were 10 or 15 years ago. So there's sort of a sensitivity by some of the largest investors, which comes from the fact that a lot of the big investors in the asset class, your pension funds and other institutional investors, that because of performance, not necessarily in Private Equity, but in their general portfolios, with almost no increase in equities over a 10-year period, they're having trouble meeting their actuarial returns. And as a result of that, they're looking for different ways to trying to increase returns. Some focus on fees as part of that. But what also goes along with it is generally across the alternative spectrum, is increasing more allocation to alternatives, and that benefits us as a firm with this very significant growth that I think LT's mentioned and I've also mentioned. 
William Katz: Just my second question, when you look at the $12 billion of, I think you mentioned gross inflows in the first quarter, so 2 questions, 2 parts. First part is could you sort of digress those a little bit between the different businesses? And secondarily, Steve, just in terms of, you mentioned allocation's going up, is that still true at this point in time? Or with the markets sort of bouncing a little bit here since the late fall, is there maybe rotation away from Private Equity given the increase in the assets? 
Laurence Tosi: So Bill, it's LT. Let me just start with your point about gross inflows. So the gross inflows and fee-earning assets in the first quarter were about $19.5 billion. Half of that was from the GSO acquisition. Outside of that, Real Estate had about $6 billion; Private Equity, $500 million; and there was about $900 million in other parts of the credit business, as well as $1.5 billion in Hedge Fund Solutions. So consistent with our pattern over time, it was very broad based once you back out the particular acquisition, if that's helpful, Bill. 
Stephen Schwarzman: And on the second point, if you talk to the major consultants in the alternative areas, what you'll see is that in the Private Equity area, the allocations are going up to the institutions. It's more centered on the mid-market buyouts rather than the large class, but the entire sector is going up because they need that return. And opportunity Real Estate, it's going down. We're like the major exception, and that's happened because of performance problems with a number of the firms who are now no longer in the business. In the credit sector, that's going up because, as you guys all know, people are desperate for yield. And if you can manufacture very high returns in an absolute sense and a relative sense. In the credit sector, you're doing well. In the fund-to-funds area, that's going down across the board, but we are, again, a exception on that one because of performance and customized products. So that breaks it down for you by area. And it's important to also recognize that we're not a private equity firm. We are a broad-based alternative firm, and that really works to our advantage in a whole bunch of different ways for performance of our products, for joint marketing to Limited Partners, and it's a very good model. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Michael Carrier, Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Carrier: First question, from a capital raising standpoint, you've got a lot of dry powder. And I guess mostly focusing on the Private Equity segment, it seems like given where valuations are, maybe slightly tougher financing conditions, particularly in Europe. But when we think about deployment of that capital for attractive opportunities, should we expect that to be slowing here? Or do you still see opportunities -- I think you mentioned a little bit in some of like natural recent energy section. But it just seems like you've got a lot of capital. But just given the fundamentals in the market, should we expect some pullback? Or are you still seeing opportunities to deploy that? 
Hamilton James: We're still -- I'd say our deal list is shorter, but we're still seeing opportunities to deploy it. And I think we'll put to work $3 billion to $4 billion a year in this environment, which is about what we planned for. 
Michael Carrier: Okay, all right. That's good. And then I guess the same thing on the credit side. It seems like you've got different trends in the market. You've got a lot of the banks that are pulling back. You've got deleveraging sort of creates significant opportunities, particularly in certain regions, in certain categories in the market, yet it also seems like most alternative managers and even some of the traditional managers are launching products that go after those opportunities. So when you see the -- like the size of that opportunity versus the competitive environment, is it still -- when you look at those 2 and balance them, still more attractive? Meaning, you still think that there's a lot of growth ahead and still attractive returns? 
Hamilton James: Well, yes. I mean, I think there's been a lot of money raised to play the European deleveraging thing that's been pushed off by the LTRO. And so in that sense, there's a bit of imbalance. But we're still -- there's still almost a historic premium -- historically high premium that investors get paid to take illiquidity. So the spread in rates from a liquid bond to an illiquid bond of the same credit is extremely high, as high as it's ever been. We think there's a lot of very attractive -- that if you can tolerate illiquidity, there's a lot of very attractive investments to be made. And our mezz guys and our rescue-financing guys are -- frankly, putting money out very fast, faster than I would -- well above mid-cycle, so to speak. 
Stephen Schwarzman: And structurally, this is Steve, the opportunity is very big, and the banks are being disintermediated by Basel III. And particularly in Europe, where banks make up about 2/3 of the credit extension as opposed to about 1/3 in the United States, there's a really big opportunity there. There's going to be difficulty refinancing companies' maturities as they come due with Basel III, where the regulation is directing money into refinancing sovereigns instead of companies. And in real estate, there's almost no liquidity in terms of credit extension. People just are lending very, very little money to that. And this curve provides a lot of opportunities. And also in the States, in the Real Estate business, there's very little financing available by historic standards, which creates more opportunities for our types of products. And so if you view the sum of what we do as a replacement for the shrinking of massive size, hundreds of billions of dollars of the banking system, that to the extent that we can continue to raise money, I think we're going to find really interesting opportunities to deploy that, to replace people who no longer can do it because of changes in regulation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies. 
Daniel Fannon: I guess on the Private Equity side, if you could talk about your portfolio of companies and generally how they're tracking when compared to your budgets and forecasts internally and compare that to kind of the marks we saw this quarter. 
Hamilton James: Well, the portfolio of companies are generally growing. Revenues are up sort of mid single digits. That's about as expected. I would say the growth is less robust than the -- than late last calendar year. So the economy is not strengthening, at least as seen through the eyes of our portfolio of companies. I mentioned in the press call that margins are under a bit of pressure because costs are rising, mostly commodity-based costs, but it's very hard for these companies to pass that through because they don't have the pricing power and a weak demand environment to do so. There's -- so EBITDA is growing also, but somewhat less than revenues. The -- it's not -- it doesn't have a big effect on marks, frankly, because the cash flow is still paying down debt, and the fundamental outlook for the company haven't -- companies hasn't changed. The -- I do think the economy is somewhat weaker though, than it was on many dimensions at the end of last year. And if the economy weakens further, obviously, that'll push out realizations, and it'll push out realizations. Primarily, we still expect to get the same ultimate value. In terms of the marks, if you disaggregate the public markets, our -- the values of our portfolio was up comparably to that of comparable industries. The big run-up in the stock market with lot of the country and financials and in tech kind of companies, we don't have a lot of those in our portfolio. But if you look at the way how industrials performed, our company has -- our marks are in line with the public markets. And then you have to remember, too, that because of the stronger dollar, all of our foreign investments lost value just in terms of currency translation, not that we're -- not that they feel it and the local currencies are doing fine. But as translated to our statements, you -- that was a bit of a drag in Private Equity. So I don't -- I would say the picture in the economy is improvement, but slow improvement. 
Daniel Fannon: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess at a corporate level, I would just kind of like to get a sense of are you looking at potential deals from an investment perspective, similar to what we saw at the Harbourmaster or on a portfolio level like Allied? Is that something you view as a pretty good opportunity in this environment? 
Hamilton James: Well, it's a good opportunity when they come up. There's not a huge crop of them out there to do. And so I'm not -- we keep looking and we consider all things all the time, but we try to be very, very selective. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, some of those we could've bought, but we let go so that other people have done for price reasons. And we're pretty disciplined about these things. And as Tony said, they're not a bundle of them anymore, but things happen. 
Laurence Tosi: We also tend to focus -- just one point on that, we tend to focus not just obviously on the financial side, which is very important, but on the strategic side. So when you look at Harbourmaster, we had 80% overlap in the credit names they cover and less than 5% LP overlap. So there was a compelling strategic fit to give us exposure to not only build out the platform over time, to have leverage with the credits that we're investing in, but also an LP base that, really, we didn't have a lot of exposure to. So we really look at both. It has to be compelling on a financial and on a strategic basis, and that's what drives us. And that's also makes the opportunities few and far between, but we don't stop looking. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelley of Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Kelley: So when you were talking about the exit environment and your expectation for it to pick up more later this year and into next year and the years beyond, just curious to get by segment, in terms of the assets you said are ready to go, is that primarily in Real Estate or pretty split between Real Estate and Private Equity at this point? 
Hamilton James: Well, you have some of both, obviously, as well some of our credit assets, which have had a tremendous run in the mezzanine area. But the biggest bulk of that in the near term will be Real Estate-related assets. 
Matthew Kelley: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And also, can you guys give us an update on where you have the BCP V fund marked at the end of that quarter, and just kind of your expectations for ultimate multiple invested capital there, if that's changed, or still pretty consistent with what you said at your Investor Day? 
Hamilton James: Yes, it's still pretty consistent. I mean, we've got that marked at about $1.1 billion now. We expect it to be somewhere -- projecting is hard, but we all have our views. But $1.8 billion, $1.9 billion, something like that. 
Matthew Kelley: Okay, great. And then just one follow-up for me. In terms of growth going forward, I know you talked about organic growth. Any platform extensions you think are most likely, including on the BAAM platform? 
Laurence Tosi: What do you mean platform extensions? 
Matthew Kelley: I'm wondering if you guys could potentially expand to or would be interested in expanding into Private Equity fund-to-funds as well, given what you've set up on the hedge fund side? 
Hamilton James: Well, we've looked at a lot of those businesses, and we actually have decided that we don't add much to that and there are some conflicts. The conflicts would be: A, we wouldn't be able to invest in our own funds for obvious reasons; and B, other fund-to-funds are investors in our Private Equity fund, and we just don't believe in competing with our customers. So that's probably not likely, but there are other businesses that we look at. We looked at secondaries. That's a somewhat better fit, I think. And it doesn't necessarily come through the BAAM platform, but we might consider something along those lines for the right vehicle. And we've looked at a number of other kinds of things, but nothing is imminent and nothing is -- I think, we don't feel any strategic necessities to be anywhere. 
Matthew Kelley: Okay, great. And then if I can just ask one more question, then -- and then I'll get off. But on the Real Estate side, I know you mentioned -- and you mentioned in the past that it's very hard for the average firm to raise money there, and you guys obviously have a long track record and a large platform. I'm wondering, what's your sense for LP demand for that product? Is it increasing a lot? And if it is so, is that increasing kind of 2012 or 2013 and beyond, or is it just kind of a steady increase? 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think the LPs have been basically traumatized by their experience in opportunity real estate. A large number of our competitors have gone out of business. They've gone out of business because they were buying leverage real estate at very high prices, and that -- real estate market went down, they hit maturities. And those maturities couldn't be refinanced because the lending ratios have changed. And Tony and I spent a bunch of our weekends reading investment committee meetings of like -- it's not endless, but it's about enough to ruin a day reading these memos for approval of -- it's almost the same deal with different names, where some piece of real estate was bought by somebody. Its valuation is, in some cases, down 20%. It needs -- sometimes more. It needs way more equity to refinance it, to the extent that they can live in a world of changed ratios. The equity's out of -- which was highly leveraged. The equity is worthless. Who's going to put that money up? And there are very few people around who actually will do that, and we are the dominant group left in the world that will do that. And so people come to us all the time. Now the people who gave -- the people of these institutions who gave the money, these other firms who destroyed the equity values, are really still extremely cautious. And the consultants who represent them are also cautious about exposing more money to this sector. Now we've been quite fortunate for a variety of reasons with a terrific group of people and a lot of experience, and we avoided those types of issues and have the best record, according to what the consultants have told us in the developed world. And so we're like an off-the-page 3 standard deviation kind of moment to these people. And they want a certain amount of exposure, and they're doing it through us. They've moved, as a category, the institutions, into what's called core real estate, which is buying regular buildings that don't need a lot of fix-up, don't put debt on them at all or a modest amount of debt. Because what they're worried about isn't maximizing return, they want some exposure to the asset class. They just don't want to live through these losses again. And I don't know that that's going to change in any significant degree. There are a few people out there raising money who are new. But they basically take in people who've more or less been involved, not in every case, but often, with some of these other failures. And their firms have disbanded, and then they're reforming and displaying themselves as real estate experts. And unfortunately, for these new attempts, some of which will be successful, that the consultants remember who the people were. And so I think this asset class is going to stay under-invested in, even though the opportunities are actually terrific. And there'll be a few firms that raise funds as they have, but those will be relatively small firms' funds compared to what most of them have done previously. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Lee of KBW. 
Robert Lee: Quick questions on -- back on BCP V. I guess at year end, you needed about a 12% appreciation to get to -- I guess till it gets to a carry. I mean, would we be correct in just simplistically assuming, just given the performance of the overall PE portfolio, that's down to around 7%. And given your outlook for the underlying corporate performance, you would expect to get to carry Q3, Q4 sometime and therefore, catch... 
Laurence Tosi: It's LT. The math really doesn't work that way. But the number that we gave you was the gross depreciation number for the fund for the quarter. We gave you the whole segment. BCP is an element of that. So it's not the -- BCP V is not the only driver. The metric that you're referring to is the one that we put in the 10-Q, which refers to a change in total enterprise value that it would take to cross the threshold. Last quarter, that was 12%. This quarter, it's 11%. The reason why you don't have a net for net reduction, that of course, is you have accrual of the hurdle and fees as well. But we will -- we'll put that number in the Q, and it'll be 11% change in total enterprise value. 
Joan Solotar: And from a modeling standpoint, just make sure you're modeling on a fund-by-fund basis. So we give you the fund-by-fund breakdown. 
Robert Lee: Okay. And just one follow-up. I mean, if we look across the platform of various carry-style funds and PE and real estate, it seems that the only fund, if I go through the K, that looks like that risk of not actually ever generating some carry would be the BREP International II. I mean, is it -- am I thinking about that correctly? Or are there any other funds that kind of you worry about that may not ultimately generate some carry? 
Laurence Tosi: I think if you look at the K, which reports through the end of last year, you do see that, that particular fund is out of money by a decent amount. I think they're still thinking that, that fund will return positive capital, but whether or not it returns carry remains to be seen. But you're correct in identifying that as the one that we're concerned about. 
Hamilton James: Well, I think BCOM would be a question as well, frankly. 
Laurence Tosi: It was above. 
Hamilton James: BCOM was above at one point? So it's the performance since the time you accrued something. Okay, well. All right, whatever. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Guy Moszkowski: Tony, you mentioned on the press call that most of the large PE funds are probably going to be smaller in the future. And I was just wondering, does that mean that when you get to your next large fundraising cycle, you'd anticipate significantly changing your approach to fundraising? Would you be able to take a more targeted approach with more smaller funds and maybe a smoother fundraising cycle? 
Hamilton James: I think over time we'll probably head in that direction. I think the first step in that has been the energy fund that we're doing, and over time, we consider regional funds or other sector funds. Investors like a more targeted strategies these days. If you look at the evolution of the industry, it started off with just generalist funds. And there are more and more specialist funds, and specialist funds are taking more and more of the assets that investors have to put out. So we'll go along with the industry trend on that, I would expect. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hopson, Stifel, Nicolaus. 
J. Jeffrey Hopson: Your results in the hedge fund area seem to be distinctly different from the overall hedge business, which has had some, I guess, inconsistent disappointing returns in some respect. So my question is regarding the -- your Hedge Fund-to-Funds business, your results have been distinctly different relative to the general perception that hedge funds are not generally performing as well as they could or should. So the question is, does that -- what would you attribute that to specifically in the more recent quarters? Is that your particular allocation to funds, particular sectors or more -- some of the more unique proprietary products that you've developed? 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes. Well, we do a number of things that are different. First of all, roughly around half of what we do are custom-made products to solve a particular opportunity or a problem that a large investor has. And that helps from a performance point of view. Secondly, we've created whole new products to invest in new hedge funds, where we've had great performance, identified the right people, have, in effect, an ownership position in their business that hasn't even been triggered yet in terms of a buyout. We have, in addition to that, other interesting ways of focusing on individual areas, whether it's the commodity area being in the right place at the right time. And we negotiate very good fees with the underlying managers because it's the largest group in the world. We can get capacity at really good managers on a very advantageous basis, which adds to performance that other people can't get because they can't put up the money. We also have a lot of people doing this. There are some sense probably that there are 2 or 3 people sitting in a room picking funds or something, and it's not that difficult to underlying funds. It's not that difficult a business. And point of fact, we've got this sort of small army of people doing this, and we've been doing it for 20 years. And this involves diligence of the back office, as well as the trigger pullers, as well as assessing strategy. We've also -- we've now got an overlay strategy we've been doing for probably, I don't know, Tony, last 5 to 6 years, which has dramatically accelerated. We'll pick themes of what we think are going to happen to different sectors of the asset allocation spectrum and enhance underlying portfolios with that type of bias. And we're able to -- as a result of the shakeout from the investment banking firms. Again, because of regulation, that there are people available who are working on prop tests and doing other types of things. And we can bring them in to make more of these type of concentrated directional type of investments as opposed to just investing in the underlying manager. So there's tons of stuff going on that makes a business a terrific business. And when I say terrific, I'm talking for the customer. Because if it's terrific for the customer, it's ultimately going to be terrific for us and reflect in other ways. So those are just some of the reasons that we have a differentiated product. 
J. Jeffrey Hopson: Okay, great. And just a numbers question. On the Credit business, do the first quarter financials, I guess, accurately reflect the Harbourmaster? Anything unusual there, or is that kind of a good run rate on some of the expense basis? 
Laurence Tosi: It is a good run rate number. It's missing only 5 days of Harbourmaster because we closed on January 5. So other than that, it's a good reflection. There is one element I'll just point out. If you look at the realized performance fee, the compensation versus realized performance fees in the quarter, there was a bit of a catch-up in the first quarter. So naturally, we wouldn't have more than 100% comp ratio. That will iron itself over the course of the year. But 100% of Harbourmaster and, by the way, the remaining 15% of GSO are reflected in the March 31 numbers. So that's a good run rate to go with. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Howard Chen of Credit Suisse. 
Howard Chen: Just following up on your realization outlook. You've noted a few times now to look toward the back half of this year and into 2013. I'm just curious, why not sooner? Market does seem fairly open. We're seeing some peers active on the monetization front. And is the -- is your outlook driving -- is it just more unhappiness with the prices you can get today, conservatism on your part or maybe something to do with your specific portfolio? 
Hamilton James: No. Howard, it's Tony. Golly, we're sitting on investments that are appreciating rapidly. And why kind of give -- and why give that away now? I don't get it. In -- a lot of it's real estate. We've got a wonderful compounding going on. We've got rents going up. We've got occupancies going up. We've got debt going down, and they're leveraged. So the value that falls to the equity, it's accreting very rapidly. Sure, we could take something public. We could get a double here, double there. We're playing for more than that. And I don't understand this, frankly, the focus on premature liquidations. We're in the business of managing money. That means like having the money and managing it and creating value, and that's what we're doing. 
Howard Chen: Great, understood, Tony. And then just digging into Real Estate for a minute. I know that the underlying portfolio performance is really robust. Some of the metrics that Steve spoke to, like RevPAR, appear to be accelerating. One, would you agree with that assessment? And if you do, maybe if -- did you see any disconnect with the level of fund depreciation that we saw this quarter? 
Hamilton James: Well, I do agree with it. And what you've got in Real Estate is you've got an improving economy, it doesn't need to be robust, and no new supply. And that's important. Because this -- as an economy, we make obsolete about 0.8% of our commercial real estate each year and new supplies below that. So we've got a shrinking stock in America of commercial real estate, actually. Yet you have inexorably growing population and you have an economy coming back, and you have a bit of a catch-up from the 2008, '09, '10 when sort of no one signed leases and no one expanded or anything else. So you've got all that coming through now, and I think it's going to be good. Now I hope it'll be even better. I'd love to think that the economy will actually be on a nice -- or we'll get -- at some point, we'll get a bit more robust growth. One of the reasons we want to not celebrate right now, we want to wait for that to happen if it's going to. But I -- and so a bit of your question is sort of why is Real Estate only up 4% then? And we try to be conservative on our marks. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think if you look at our marks, particularly in Real Estate, you try and be accurate. It's always hard when you're marketing to a disposition. And the firm has always been conservative in our approaches to things. And I don't know the exact number, LT, but in terms of our realizations in Real Estate, just for example, just use Real Estate and -- though it's quite similar in Private Equity, that we tend to actually realize significantly more than that mark. And that -- given the volatility of markets, it's very hard to get this right, very complex valuation that we go through with a lot of assumptions. We have it verified with different outside groups and internal groups, and we try and do a really thorough job. But the way this tends to break historically has a bias for lower marks and higher realization. So although in a really adverse market environment, of course, that wouldn't be the case. And so -- but I think that when you look at a 4% mark, and I can't really address what happened in an individual quarter, but the trends Tony's talking about, and there's one more trend, when you hold this stuff in a recovering environment for financial institutions, that if you imagine an environment at some future time where credit extension and real estate in the United States, for example, goes back to more historic ratios on properties, that additional value that will accrue from the increased value of those properties will go almost dollar for dollar to us, as the holder of the real estate. So in other words, if you thought the properties were appreciating at a certain rate, but you could finance at a 75% or 80% as opposed to a 60% to 65%. So the return on equity for the owner, the new owner, will be about the same. So that'll push the price up of what people can pay beyond just the fundamentals of increasing rents and increasing occupancies. And giving that up to satisfy some type of target for realizations is something we just wouldn't do. It's sort of like being a farmer. When you plant the seeds and the stuff's coming up and you know where you stand, you've got another 2 months to grow your crop but you just sort of decide to wake up and whack it because somebody wants you to do it. I mean, why would you do that as a farmer, unless you thought that the price for that crop was going to completely collapse and you're better off just hitting the market. And we don't see that happening. And part of what we do is try and figure out that equation, if you will, and sell at the optimal time. 
Laurence Tosi: If I could just add 2 quick points to what Steve just said. Howard, if it's helpful, the -- it's intrinsic in the way you mark things under GAAP that you don't have takeover premiums, et cetera. So that's the conservatism that Steve's talking to or that's one aspect of it. So typically, over time, both the Private Equity and Real Estate, you will have a jump in marks upon the disposition because you can consider them the exit price relative to your intrinsic carrying value. That's one point I'd make. The second one I'd point, this will follow on what Tony just said, the 4% growth, of course, that's a 16% annual rate, that's pure fundamental growth in the portfolios, meaning it's cash flow accretion and increase in the carrying value of those assets and not marks to market or expansions of multiples, which usually take a longer sustainable recovery in the markets for you to do. So as a pure mark, it's actually a pretty strong indicator of really good fundamentals in the Real Estate portfolio. 
Howard Chen: Okay, great. I guess you all have been through so many different cycles. I guess just a follow-up to this broader point. At what point does LP's desire for you to kind of write them a check and monetize some asset? Where does that play a factor in all of this? Certainly, you don't want to sell something premature or before it's time, but I have to think that that's part of the thinking over time. 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think you're absolutely right, Howard, and it's part of the flaw in sort of the model of going back and raising funds simply because you spent or invested the last one. And in different points in the firm's 26.5-year history, we've actually faced the dilemma where LPs want some money from realizations, and sometimes it's at a period where there is relatively low liquidity or values in the world. And they need money and they can't commit to new funds if they don't have any money, and they want the money just generally. And we do work for them, after all, right? They're the customer. And when you hit that point in the cycle, occasionally, you accelerate things because it's good for the LPs, and you can tell them you think you can get more. And sometimes they say, "Well, that's fine." But that happens more around that moment in the life of a fund, and I think everybody's sort of frustrated with that a little bit. I mean, if I didn't have to go on the road and -- being a Hare Krishna, I'd be just as happy. And in fact, I think my wife would be happier. And the LPs complain about having these endless meetings with people like Tony or me or whatever and all the other Tony and me's that show up. On the other hand, nobody quite knows how to break that cycle. 
Hamilton James: They love those meetings, Steve. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes. So I'm glad Tony loves them. I actually love them when I'm there. It's just getting there and transporting your body around the world that isn't completely as much fun. But if we had a different model for this business of keeping money forever and letting it compound for people, I think that ultimately would be a better model. But that's not the way the industry grew up. LPs actually don't like losing control of that measurement system. We've thought about other ways to go about it, but we haven't been able to come up to -- with anything that totally works for LPs and works for ourselves yet. But if you've got any ideas, Howard, we're open-minded on that one. 
Howard Chen: I'll give it some thought. But... 
Hamilton James: Howard, put another way, the pressure to liquidate comes right before you do a fund raise, not right after. 
Howard Chen: Okay. Final question for me, actually, like the opposite side of the spectrum. Credit, the returns have been phenomenal. You've already deployed about a quarter of the new mezz funds within 6 months. Tony, you mentioned some of those returns should be ready to harvest soon. I mean, just given the opportunity set that's there, how are you thinking about just cranking the engine much faster here within Credit? 
Stephen Schwarzman: I think that's going to happen and Credit is actually a business where -- because of Basel III, and that's not going to stop. And almost forget Basel III, you've got individual countries that are way tighter than Basel III, really severely constraining credit extension. But that our ability to, like, put money out at a terrific rate compared to what -- where central banks have jammed rates down to on a risk-adjusted basis, this stuff is like really fantastic. And I think that, that zone for mezz, whether it's stated as '12, '13 or '14, when people go out to raise money, we've been doing, like, dramatically better. Risk-adjusted, that is a great, great place to be, and I can see us very rapidly refilling that bucket because we keep pouring it out into new really interesting investments. So that investment cycle, I think, is going to be shorter, certainly, than the Private Equity cycle. The Real Estate bucket, you can have the same thing happen because we're seeing so much stuff now. From the perspective of you modeling the firm, this is like -- this is really wonderful for us. And it's great for our investors and it's great for the firm, because that velocity is really -- it's the right point in the cycle for this stuff. 
Hamilton James: Having said that, Howard, it's a tailor's business, in the sense of each deal, you can't just go buy it, buy it on the screen. Each deal is a deal. It's individually negotiated. They take time. You got to diligence them, and you got to put it out one at a time. So it's not something you can just crank up with -- like a dial at all. And what we have done though, is -- to facilitate this is 1 of the 3 founders of GSO has moved over to London because we do think it'll be a big European opportunity. And his mandate is just to bring leadership closer to where we think there'll be a lot of action and to build up our team and our capabilities in London. And with Harbourmaster, we not only got the assets, we've got a very good team. We're the largest owner -- nonbank owner of credit in Europe, of loans in Europe, and we have a very good team there now. It's very -- it's much expanded with -- we've got 5 partners now in credit and, I think, 57 support people, which is up -- in Europe, working on European credit. And that's up a lot from where it was a few years ago. So we are trying to gear up, but it's not the kind of thing you just flick a switch. 
Joan Solotar: And just to add to that, because we get asked about that opportunity, in particular, quite frequently. I think there are a lot of competitors out there talking about buying big pools of credit from European banks. And if that happens, great. I mean, GSO can certainly participate. But the opportunity they're very focused on is leveraging their single credit expertise, and Harbourmaster gave them insight into something like half the credits in Europe. And unlike the U.S., where there's a deeper public market for high-yield credit, that doesn't exist in Europe. So we think that's going to be a really exciting opportunity. And we are positioned, I think, much better than almost anyone given the credit expertise that we have. 
Stephen Schwarzman: There will be, on the corporate side, relatively -- I hate to predict things because sometimes I say things and they're true, but I'm not really looking for this to be reported. But I think they'll be relatively low large portfolios of corporate loans as -- that Joan was talking about. And from spending time in Europe myself, and a lot of that, the corporate loan stuff has been -- which is much more liquid, has either been already sold or they're prepared to live with that. The Real Estate side is different, and that comes in different countries in different ways. But the approach that we're having, because there isn't really a junk market and we put out money at the bottom and because you're going to have a general refinancing problem in Europe because of Basel III and supplementary regulations from countries, if that's where the action is, then that's what we do. And we do it in the States through a rescue lending fund in mezz, and we'll be doing it there as well. And that's going to be a very big market. And our partner went there, has actually -- I was back at our board meeting we had on Tuesday and I'd say trip, Tony, was like really excited about it, what he's doing there and all the opportunities and how we can deploy things. And unlike some other people who compete with us who are both raising a fund or moving to Europe and staff, I mean, we're there in huge size. So it's good for us. Another thing that is good for us is that because we're borrowing from all these banks, both in Real Estate and Private Equity, and have ongoing business relationships, we also do some advisory work for some of these people, that it's very easy for us to get to a lot of these sellers as opposed to just showing up and being sort of the new person in town, saying, "I've got some money, do something with me." The European world is, on the margin, a more relationship community than the U.S., which, on the margin, is more transactional. So I think that also works for us in this area. 
Howard Chen: I'll come back to you on that one, Steve. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Okay. You can measure. I'm always glad to be measured. 
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Joan Solotar for closing remarks. 
Joan Solotar: Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for dialing in, and I look forward to catching up after the call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to The Blackstone Group's Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Our speakers today are Stephen A. Schwarzman, Chairman, CEO and Co-founder; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Laurence Tosi, Chief Financial Officer; and Joan Solotar, Senior Managing Director, External Relations and Strategy. And now I'd turn the call over to Joan Solotar. Please proceed. 
Joan Solotar: Great. Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Blackstone's Fourth Quarter 2011 Conference Call. So I'm here today with Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Laurence Tosi, CFO. 
 So earlier this morning, we issued a press release, which hopefully you've had time to go through, and it's available on our website if you have not. We expect to file the 10-K report at the end of the month. 
 So I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are uncertain and out of the firm's control. Actual results may differ materially. For a discussion of some of the risks that could affect our results, please see the Risk Factors section of the 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. And we will refer to non-GAAP measures on the call, and reconciliations of those can be found in the press release. The audio cast is copyrighted material of Blackstone and can't be duplicated, reproduced or rebroadcast without consent. 
 Okay, so we reported economic net income or ENI of $0.40 per unit for the fourth quarter. That's up sequentially from $0.31 in the third quarter and compares with 46% (sic) [$0.46] in the fourth quarter of 2010. The sequential improvement reflected mostly a sharp increase in performance fees and investment income. That was across all of our investing businesses, as well as an increase in management and advisory fees. 
 We reported ENI roughly flat at $1.25 per unit for the year, and that compared with $1.28 in 2010. In terms of distributable earnings for the fourth quarter, those were $0.16 per common unit, and that brings the full year distributable earnings to $0.60 per common unit, which is basically flat with the prior year as well. We'll be paying $0.22 to common unitholders as it relates to the fourth quarter as a true up, less the holdback, and that brings the full year distribution to $0.52. 
 I just wanted to touch on one other item because I think there was a little bit of confusion in some of the research reports that came out and probably wasn't totally clear in our press release, that when you look at the Hedge Fund Solutions unit, it includes the Asian advisors business, which we actually sold. So it shows net inflows at $271.5 million, but those are not BAAM net inflows. Those were actually $1.2 billion. Those do not include inflows as of January 1. There were no redemptions as of January 1, so that's a really clean number. 
 And because there were some reports saying that BAAM showed some slowed growth, but in the fourth quarter, that actually was not the case. So as always, if you have other questions, please feel free to reach out to me or to Weston Tucker after the call. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve 
Stephen Schwarzman: Good morning. In the fourth quarter, global markets rebounded significantly from third quarter levels, capping a volatile year that was dominated by geopolitical disruptions, tsunamis and macroeconomic uncertainties. The global index recovered 7% in the quarter, led by U.S. and European markets, although it finished down 8% for 2011. 
 In the U.S., as you know, the S&P 500 finished the year perfectly flat. Investor sentiment, that had been influenced for much of the second half of the year by the escalating European sovereign crisis, responded favorably to improving economic data late in the year, including jobs and housing statistics, 2 of the country's most critical areas and also, some improvement with liquidity in the ECB. Although unemployment remains elevated, we exited 2011 with the lowest stated unemployment rate in 3 years, although, as you know, that only counts people who were unemployed for 6 months and doesn't count them afterwards. 
 Moving into 2012. While market performance certainly has been encouraging, several key issues remain unresolved. The current unemployment rate does not capture, as I mentioned, the number of people who've given up looking for work or working part time, and therefore, in reality, the numbers are much higher. 
 Implementation of austerity around the globe, continued deleveraging could significantly drag economic growth, particularly in Europe. And the political landscape in the U.S. will likely be dominated by the upcoming elections, with little headway expected in resolving the budget deficit problem. The avoidance of the U.S. recession and the continued positive corporate earnings growth should drive the recovery slowly forward. 
 Need for a strong and diversified general partner to help navigate the perilous market back drop we've seen generate returns has never been so apparent. Our limited partner investors, which include the largest state and public pension funds, representing 23 million pensioners in the United States alone, which is about half of all pensioners, continues to affirm their confidence in us and rely on us to help them meet their obligations. Our LPs recognize that each of our complementary businesses is a leader in its respective market, and each continues to strengthen its competitive position, and there is currently no firm with that kind of array like Blackstone. 
 We've reported meaningful net inflows in every business and ended 2011 with record fee earning assets of $137 billion, up 25% year-over-year, and that's in a world where markets were flat in the U.S. and down significantly abroad. We were up 25% in terms of assets. If we include commitments, which are not yet earning fees, as well as the assets of Harbourmaster, which closed January 5, and our share of Ptria where we own 40% of the company, Blackstone's pro forma fee earning AUM would be $160 billion. 
 Across the firm, we invested or committed a near-record $16 billion in 2011, as Tony mentioned on our earlier press call on behalf of our investors from our various drawdown funds, and we returned $9 billion. We expect this to increase as markets improve, driving us closer to a more normalized level of earnings power. 
 With that, I'd like to turn to a discussion of our 5 businesses. Private Equity, our diversified portfolio, is performing quite well in this turbulent environment. Our companies are estimating 10% to 12% revenue growth for the full year and 8% to 10% growth in EBITDA, which is really pretty strong. The carrying value of our contributed funds increased 3% in the fourth quarter despite the negative foreign exchange impact, as the dollar gained against the euro and other major currencies. 
 Our portfolio was up 5% for the full year, beating the global index by 13 percentage points. Over the last 10 quarters, our portfolio has risen over 50%. We invested $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter, including 2 previously-announced transactions, the LBO of Emdeon, a leading healthcare information technology company, and a significant minority investment in Leica cameras, the premium high-end German camera and sports optics manufacturer, terrific product. You ought to try and buy some. We're actually sold out. They're tough to get. 
 In case of Leica, the company sought an experienced partner with a global footprint to help accelerate its international expansion plans and strengthen operational capabilities, including increasing the size of their factories. Leica was an opportunity available exclusively to Blackstone, as was the case with the majority of our investments in 2011. For the full year, we invested or committed $4.8 billion in Private Equity, and 80% of our new investments were proprietary transactions. 
 Other recent investment activity is focused on energy, platform buildups and certain non-cyclicals. Our dedicated energy fund is now $1.3 billion in size, and we have invested jointly across both our BCP VI and Energy fund in 5 transactions for approximately $1 billion in total equity. We've also recently invested $150 million to repurchase portfolio company debt. Fully realized debt purchases within BCP V have generated realized gross IRR of 205% over the past 2 years, so this has been a very attractive use of capital for our fund investors. 
 With regard to the environment for new financings, investor caution increased sharply in the third quarter of last year. Now this has abated quite a bit in the U.S. due to strong fund inflows and recent encouraging signs in the economy and markets. While it continues to be challenging to raise more than $4 billion to $5 billion of debt to finance an LBO in the United States, we currently have a functioning credit market here, with deals getting priced reasonably. 
 Defaults and base rates remain at historic lows, although spreads continue to be above mid-cycle norms. On balance, though, this creates a relatively attractive cost of financing for institutional money. The European credit outlook, on the other hand, is much more bearish due to limited capital availability, banking system concerns and the weaker economic outlook. 
 The environment for realizations is up and down. We've had $160 million of realizations in the fourth quarter, primarily in BCP V, which is not yet earning carry. For the full year, however, we have $4.5 billion in realizations in private equity across both contributed and non-contributed funds at an average of 2.4x our invested capital. Just to repeat that, that's 2.4x our investment -- invested capital in a world where basically stocks have been flat for 10 years. 
 This was primarily the result of strategic sales, although we did successfully execute 5 IPOs and 1 follow-on equity offering in 2011 before turbulent market conditions in the second half of the year caused us to pull back. Depending on conditions in 2012, we're planning to bring several more companies to market this year. 
 Moving on to Real Estate, where we are the global leader in opportunistic investing, now with $43 billion in total assets under management, including our opportunistic funds, as well as our debt strategy business. Despite the volatility in the global economy in public markets, operating fundamentals remain healthy across all of our property types. Our key office markets are benefiting from historically low new supply, some cases in many markets virtually none; combined with slow but steady growth in GDP and employment, which has resulted in increasing occupancy in rents. 
 We are seeing similar trends of positive absorption and declining vacancy in our industrial, retail and senior living assets. And hospitality trends remain positive, with U.S. industry RevPAR up 8% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. We feel very good about the condition of our portfolio, and its carrying value rose 3% in the fourth quarter and 17% for the full year. 
 Improving operating fundamentals drove an increase in the carrying value of every segment of our portfolio. We've been very successful in our fundraising this year, and to date, we've closed on over $6 billion for our most recent global real estate fund, BREP VII, which we believe is quite an accomplishment given the ongoing market turbulence. More importantly, the fund we raised should be completed this year, and we remain highly confident that it will exceed the size of our last $10 billion fund. 
 Our investment pace has been very robust, and we've deployed $1.5 billion from the new fund in the past 5 months. For the full year 2011, we invested or committed a total of $8 billion of equity. Our primary focus remains bankruptcies, over leveraged or distressed situations and non-core asset sales. 
 Notable recent transactions include diversified portfolio of global assets from a U.S. bank and a set of high-quality suburban office properties, a second portfolio of grocery-anchored shopping centers and a portfolio of distressed loans on trophy real estate assets in the U.S., purchased from a European bank. All are being purchased at a significant discount to replacement cost. 
 While European banks have been slower than expected to sell assets at market-clearing prices, the need for meaningful deleveraging is clear. They are becoming more open and willing to transact. This, along with the volume of troubled commercial real estate loans already in the system or coming due in the next few years, should drive a very active pipeline of attractive opportunities for us for the foreseeable future. We expect an opportunity set many times the size of the market's current supply of opportunistic capital. 
 Competition on the largest-sized transactions we'd like to focus remains limited. Given the radically altered competitive environment, we will have the largest pool of discretionary capital or opportunistic real estate in the world. 
 Moving on to BAAM, our customized solutions in the hedge fund area. Last year was a challenging year, as you know, for hedge funds. Given market volatility and correlations, for example, the HFRI Fund of Funds Composite, in particular, had net outflows of $7.9 billion and a negative return of 6%. 
 Our business, on the other hand, thrived, as our institutional clients continue to view us as a critical partner helping them protect and grow their capital, particularly in this turbulent and uncertain market environment. Since inception of our business over 20 years ago, we've continually delivered liquidity, low volatility and attractive risk-adjusted returns, and our client-centric problem-solving approach has supported a unique and deep culture of innovation and partnership, allowing us to tailor specific customized strategies and risk-return profiles rather than just marketing off-the-shelf products. 
 Despite the fact that the fourth quarter is a primary redemption quarter for BAAM and almost all hedge fund investors, we had net inflows of $1.2 billion for the quarter. This brings us to $7.5 billion in net inflows for the full year, which is our second best year ever. This consisted of record gross inflows of $9.7 billion. That's almost $10 billion of inflows in BAAM, partly offset by $2.2 billion in redemptions. And all of these numbers exclude additional inflows on January 1 of roughly $250 million. 
 In terms of returns, our composite gross return was 2% in the fourth quarter; for the full year, with a slight negative return of 1% outperforming benchmarks, with substantially less volatility, as we were able to preserve investor capital through our broad strategy of diversification and manager selection. Our solid performance and significant inflows resulted in record total assets under management, as of January 1, of $40.8 billion, up 20% year-over-year. 
 And I remember when we asked Tom Hill to take over this business, I guess, it was somewhere around the year 2000, and we had less than $1 billion of assets at that time. So it's a growth of about 40x in 12 years. 
 Moving on to our credit platform, GSO, which continued its impressive record of growth and execution in the fourth quarter. On January 5, as I mentioned, we closed the landmark acquisition of Harbourmaster, adding $10 billion to our AUM. We believe this acquisition makes us the largest global senior loan manager, as well as the largest nonbank lender to non-investment grade corporate borrowers in Europe. 
 Given the deficiency of capital that is likely to persist in Europe for the next several years, we are exceptionally well positioned to provide critical funding and solutions to capitalize on the inevitable bank deleveraging. We anticipate launching several new funds and strategies in the region from this foundation. 
 Our mezzanine and rescue lending drawdown funds have been very active against a backdrop of market dislocation and heightened caution by traditional lenders, providing much-needed capital in a capital-constrained world. We deployed nearly half of our rescue lending capital since the S&P downgrade of the U.S. credit rating, which is pretty amazing and shows how vulnerable markets are and with the current levels of volatility. And we're now over 70% invested or committed in this fund. While there are recycling provisions that will extend the capital availability, we've started the marketing process for our second rescue lending fund. 
 In early November, we completed the investment period for our first flagship mezzanine fund, and we launched our second mezzanine fund. We expect this second fund, which is twice the size of our first, to hit its $4 billion cap with its final month -- final close this month. Our mezzanine and rescue lending funds have both performed quite well, generating gross annualized return of 23% and 21%, respectively, since inception. And for those of you who know about mezzanine, mezzanine returns virtually never get into the 20s. Most people expect them to be mid- to lower teens. So there's enormous outperformance there. 
 Finally, our credit-oriented hedge funds outperformed benchmarks, up 4% gross in the fourth quarter and 9% for the full year. That's again compared to a flat stock market, so 9% is looking pretty good. And we've experienced net inflows of nearly $500 million in the fourth quarter. Nearly all of our fee earning assets are above high watermarks and will earn performance fees with positive results. 
 In our advisory segment, revenues declined modestly in the fourth quarter from record performance last year. However, revenues were up 43% from the third quarter. In our M&A business, despite slowing industry volumes in the second half of last year, the fourth quarter was our second best quarter in history, beaten only by the fourth quarter of 2010. The 2012 outlook is very strong, with great diversity in industry and geography, a result of investments we've made in the business over the past few years. 
 In restructuring, despite a slow 2011 for most industry participants, we've remained very busy, and fourth quarter revenues increased over last year. And finally, at Park Hill, our placement agent business, revenues rose over last year, as our clients increasingly looked for an experienced partner to ensure effective fundraising in a difficult fundraising environment. 
 In summary, current investing conditions remain challenged by an uncertain macroeconomic, political and regulatory environment. Institutional investors are increasingly looking for stable long-term partners to generate higher returns and protect against the volatility and slow growth we're seeing across much of the world. 
 As the only manager that has delivered industry-leading performance across the diverse set of businesses we operate in, these credit, hedge funds, real estate and private equity, I believe we are in an exceptional position to continue to grow and outperform, driving strong returns over the long term for our public market investors. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Laurence Tosi, LT, it's an appropriate name, given that the Giants are going to the Super Bowl. 
Laurence Tosi: Thank you, Steve, although I'm a Patriots fan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. In 2011, Blackstone extended our unbroken streak of AUM growth every year since inception, with an average growth rate of 27% over the past 15 years. Besides consistency, Blackstone's growth is also notable for its diversity and scale. In 2011, we had $29 billion of net inflows as every one of our investment businesses grew in the double digits. Equally significant are the positive dynamics driving that growth. Today, we are benefiting from the institutional investors, consolidating their alternative managers in order to maintain best-in-class returns. In fact, 73% of our fund investors invest in more than one Blackstone business. 
 A second positive trend is the increasing amount of capital coming from global sources. For example, almost 50% of the capital commitments to BCP VI originated outside North America, up from just 21% in BCP IV. Other Blackstone businesses have seen similar trends. Blackstone's asset growth and fund performance are and will be the key drivers behind our financial performance. 
 Fee revenues rose 15% year-over-year and performance fees rose 27% to $1.2 billion, resulting in record total revenues of $3.3 billion. While our performance fee revenues reflect strong momentum, they are still lower than precrisis peaks when the firm had less than half the level of assets we do today. Economic net income of $1.4 billion was basically flat for the full year, as we held expense and compensation ratios in line and generated solid 48% pretax margins. 
 We again achieved almost $700 million in distributable earnings, despite a more muted environment for realizations in the second half of 2011. Net fee-related earnings were up 14% for the year despite sharply higher marketing and business development expenses, our continued aggressive international and portfolio operation expansion and increased funding costs. 
 Exiting 2011, we remain busy with our key growth initiatives. In our fourth quarter results, you will see increased contributions from GSO, as we acquired the remaining 15% profits interest stake of the GSO partners a full year earlier than we originally expected. The decision reflects our confidence in the GSO team and the strategic positioning of being a provider of financing solutions and credit management in a postcrisis world where the traditional sources of capital remain greatly diminished. 
 For 2011, it is also notable that GSO distributable earnings grew close to 50% and contributed nearly 20% of Blackstone's distributable earnings for the year. Importantly, GSO contributed more than 60% of the firm's realized performance fees, demonstrating its lack of correlation to equity markets, and it is indicative of a more balanced and diverse Blackstone. 
 As Steve mentioned, we closed the acquisition of Harbourmaster and its $10 billion of AUM in the 1st week of January, and as such, the full year results of Harbourmaster will materially impact GSO earnings for 2012. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, as Joan mentioned, we completed the divestiture of our non-core long only Asia advisory business to Aberdeen, which reduced our Hedge Fund Solutions segment's fee earning assets and net inflows by $1 billion, but with minimal impact to our financial performance. 
 On a go-forward basis, our Hedge Fund Solutions segment will solely reflect the performance of BAAM. BAAM's net inflows in the fourth quarter were over $1.2 billion, bringing the full year total to $7.5 billion. We ended the quarter with cash and liquid investments of $1.6 billion, illiquid investments of $2.1 billion and net accrued performance fees of $1.5 billion, which equates collectively to $4.72 per unit in combined value. S&P and Fitch recently affirmed our AA+ ratings, the highest in the industry. 
 Looking forward to 2012, there are a number of key forward indicators of financial performance for Blackstone for you to think about. The consistent high growth of our management fee-paying assets to record levels will generate a steady stream of predictable cash earnings, which exceeded $500 million in 2011. 
 In addition, our accrued net performance fees of $1.5 billion should convert to cash earnings as improving markets create more opportunities for both value creation and realizations. At the end of the year, Blackstone had $34 billion of assets earning performance fees and $78 billion more of committed assets eligible for performance fees, which positions us well as we work to convert unrealized value into realized cash gains for our fund investors and unitholders. 
 Everyone at Blackstone is excited about 2012. We see compelling investment opportunities across our businesses and around the world. We have record levels of dry powder to invest, and we will continue to leverage the investments we've made in our platform to originate opportunities, create sustainable value and drive returns for our investors. On behalf of everyone at Blackstone, we thank you for your time and joining the call, and we'll take any questions that you have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. 
William Katz: Just going back to the discussion around the consolidation with the GPs and the LPs, just maybe 2 questions.  One is, are you still seeing or sensing allocations going up to the alternative group in general? Or is there a denominator effect here just given the market dynamics that could slow the amount of money coming in? And then the second question is, as they -- as these LPs are consolidating, is there any material give-up in the net economics of these mandates? 
Stephen Schwarzman: I'll handle that pretty quickly. In terms of allocations going up, the answer is yes. The problem that the LPs have is really hitting their actuarial assumptions, and you can't do that as much as they would have liked to in equities and even most of the debt products are below and significantly below their actuarial assumptions of roughly 8%. The alternatives are almost the only class of investments that will get you there. And consequently, increasing commitments to alternatives is happening pretty widely as an occasional exception of someone who's way ahead of where they should be, but it's very much across the board. LPs are consolidating relationships for a lot of reasons, one is performance. As people fall down in performance, they're being eliminated. The LPs are also looking to get some economies of scale as they're looking to even lower some of their own cost internally. There's a little bit of fee compression that goes on as part of that. But with some of the best-known managers in the world getting larger and larger allocations from these institutional investors, it's a good arrangement for everyone. 
William Katz: Okay. And then just 2 quick follow-ups for LT perhaps. I noticed the other expenses jumped pretty markedly sequentially, so I'm curious, that relate maybe to the acceleration of the residual ownership of GSO. And then could you frame out the accretion you anticipate from Harbourmaster, all else being equal? 
Laurence Tosi: Let me just take the first one, Bill. The adjustment are other expenses. The reason why the other expenses was up was really because this was a very busy year really for business development. And so if you back that out, our growth in core expenses is equal to the net fee-related earnings for us. It was at about 15%. So that is just out of question, and it's not impacted by the change in GSO. The change in GSO is really, we were accounting for their profit interest stake as compensation expense, so you'll see it as a drop in their compensation expense ratio. So it didn't affect earnings, it didn't affect other expenses, it just affected the compensation ratio. With respect to Harbourmaster, we disclosed the amount of the transaction, which is about USD $153 million. We do think it will be accretive in 2012 across the various measures, particularly the net fee-related earnings because it is a CLO business, so it's a fee-heavy business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Kelley with Morgan Stanley. 
Matthew Kelley: So I was just hoping you could give us a little bit more color about the European deleveraging opportunities, if you could, just in your mind how you could benefit, which types of funds do you expect to raise, how big and when this could actually come through to the bottom line. 
Hamilton James: Okay. it's Tony and I'll take that one, I guess. I think we're set up with $33 billion dry powder to take advantage of the opportunities right now without having to raise more funds. As we put that to work, obviously, that picture will change, but we've got plenty of money in real estate for Europe. We've got plenty of money in -- we've got a brand new mezzanine fund of $4 billion we just closed. We're in the market with capital solutions, our rescue financing fund now, debt finance and we expect to have a very significant fund raised there, anyway. And then of course, we just started a brand-new private equity fund with $16 billion. So I think we're extremely well poised to take advantage of Europe without having to fundraise, and which is good because I think we're going to have a bit of a golden moment here to be dealing with the deleveraging pressures of Europe. And frankly, the economies, we think, is going to be slow there, so it's a good time to jump in. And if we had to fundraise, that takes a year or 2. I think there's a reasonable chance people are fund raising around the opportunity will miss the opportunity. So when the added --  so I don't know, I can't really -- Matt, I can't really answer your question when the added fundraising will flow to the P&L  because I think the first thing we've got to do is put the money  with what we have. Just one note of that, in credit, in mezzanine and in the rest of the financing funds, we don't get any management fees. It's not even in our fee earning AUM until that money is invested. So even though that money's raised, as you see it invested in Europe or elsewhere, it will start to flow into both our fee earning AUM and into our management fees. 
Matthew Kelley: Okay, great. And then one follow-up for me on real estate specifically. Just trying to get a sense for how broad you see the opportunity set now both U.S. and outside the U.S. and if we could potentially see you raise subsequent funds after the current one that you're raising faster than we have in the past. 
Hamilton James: Well, obviously, if -- in the last few,  we invested $7.5 billion in real estate or thereabouts, at that pace, we'll be back very soon. And frankly, I don't think we can raise money as fast as -- fast enough to sustain that pace. We're now in the market of real estate fund. We've announced that we've closed on just over $6 billion of that. Our last real estate fund was $10 billion. We're optimistic that we can exceed that. But bear in mind, that is the largest real estate in the fund in the world by a lot. So I don't know how much more we could scale that size at this moment. But we're still fundraising for that fund, so it'll be a little while before we fully finish that fundraising, fully invest it and then get back in the market for a global fund. We do have the opportunity, I believe, to fundraise around more specific regional funds, maybe Asia or maybe Europe. And we have a -- we're now investing essentially our third European fund for all intents and purposes, and we have about, I think, we've got about half of that fund still left. Correct me if I'm wrong, my team here. 
Laurence Tosi: About $4 billion. 
Hamilton James: Okay. So it'll -- so as Europe plays out, we'll invest that fund, and then, hopefully, we'll be back. But again, that's not right around the corner. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kim with Sandler O'Neill. 
Michael Kim: First, as you think about fundraising more broadly, how do you think about maybe finding the right balance between staying focused on bigger global funds that offer you flexibility on the investment side, but maybe a bit more vintage risk, if you will, versus smaller, more specialized funds that can maybe provide a bit more consistency in terms of fundraising? 
Stephen Schwarzman: Well, we don't think about our business the way you just laid it out. We introduced new funds or new products when we think we really can generate special kinds of returns for people with low risk, and we go wherever that takes us rather than having a philosophy on just large or focused. And ultimately, we're measured by the people who give us money by how well we do, and we always aspire to be at the very top of performance. So for example, we're in the process of raising, I guess, you would call it a smaller, specialized fund in real estate, and we think the returns on that are really good because we have the opportunity to invest globally in that. As opposed to just upstream or downstream, we have extremely broad mandate for that. It's investing side-by-side with our BCP VI. On the other hand, we just finished raising a very large mezzanine fund, I guess. It's like the second biggest in the world now. And we don't view that as sort of a big global thing versus a specialized because the kinds of investments we can do out of that, that we did out of the last one, were the best returns in the world. For mezzanine, it sort of finds its own way, as long as we get that kind of global deal fund flow, and we're doing that in the rescue fund. So I think and I'm not trying to avoid your question. I'm just saying that we look at where the best returns can be, the best opportunities, the best structure, and that's how we raise money, and the markets receive it that well, that approach, which is one reason why we've raised so much money, not because we choose to raise it. We're responding to opportunities and convince LPs that, indeed, those opportunities are compelling. 
Hamilton James: The other thing I'd like to add, Michael, is there are some advantages to a global fund because you can move that capital around instantly and fluidly to wherever the opportunities are in the world by region or by sector or by type of investment. And one of the reasons we've never out losing fund, one of the reasons that we've always had top quartile returns is the ability to react to what the world gives us and not have a bunch of capital trapped into little vehicles where you have to push it into hostile markets. 
Michael Kim: Okay, that's helpful. And then it seems like the Real Estate business is making a pretty sizable bet here on U.S. retail. And so just given kind of the synergies across the franchise in terms of investment themes that you've talked about 'before, are you looking at ways to maybe leverage this across the franchise so maybe as it relates to potential activity on the Private Equity side? 
Hamilton James: Well, not really, frankly. I think Real Estate is less playing a theme of retail than playing the theme of good properties, distressed owners. And when even a good property is owned by an owner that's having financial difficulty, that owner no longer maintains the property appropriately very often, no longer can sign new leases because he doesn't have the capital required for tenant improvements and frankly, no longer can attract tenants for a very long term because most tenants don't want to lock into at least decades long and not know whether someone's going to be taking care of their building. So a lot of times, when you get troubled owners, of which there are massive amounts of CMBS that are coming due that are not going to be able to be rolled over, you also have properties underperform. So we could buy good properties. We could fix them up by putting new capital into them and putting them in strong ownership hands, and we really know how to run these properties very well. We lease them up and then we have the opportunity to -- and by the way, we are seeing very good results in leasing because even though the economy is not terribly strong, there's just no new supply out there. And as an economy, we destroy through obsolescence or one thing or another more than we're building today. So we've got a shrinking base of commercial real estate across all the asset classes. We've got growing population, and even though slow, an improving economy, and that's doing the things for the need for real estate. So we fix them up, we lease them, and then we've got what is actually quite a favorable market to sell them into because with treasury rates so low, with base rates so low, cap rates are low. So even though the spreads are above normal because investors are still risk-averse, the actual absolute cap rate on selling a fully mature, a leased-up building are very -- makes for some very attractive markets to sell into. So by being able to bridge from the distressed to the healthy and take advantage of the historically wide spread between those markets, we can create a lot of value. 
Stephen Schwarzman: But the other way we can take advantage of that, from a firm-wide platform is, we can see what's happening with consumer purchases across that. And to the extent they're stronger, that leads us to other places. We can see that when the occupancy rates of all of the centers, just for example, start getting much higher. The big one we bought, Brixmor, is sort of down 5% from where it used to be, for example. As that starts filling up, you realize that we're going to have to start going into a construction cycle again. We're not there, but we'll be able to watch the sort of like life in slow motion as these places show up. And then, for example, that could lead us in private equity to start buying more things that would benefit from a construction cycle, which hasn't started yet, but we'd have advanced warning signs. And those types of linkages intellectually, analytically enable us to figure out where to move rather than just sort of consulting economies, if you will. Yes, wrong at least half the time. 
Michael Kim: Okay. And then just one real quick one for LT, just coming back to comp. I know you talked about the step-down at GSO, but any color in terms of the pickup in the Hedge Fund Solutions business? Was that a function of maybe the disposition of the Asian business? And then it also looks like you restated some of the numbers going back a few quarters. Can you just shed some light on that as well? 
Laurence Tosi: Sure. What typically happens is there's a couple of dynamics. Let me just specifically talk about them. There's a couple of dynamics at play. One of the things that BAAM's been focused on is diversifying their platform. In order to diversify their platform, that means there's more products that they have. So they typically will have a rise in expense ahead of deployment of the capital that they're raising. So that's relatively typical. The second piece with respect to that is, today, about 60% of the assets they have are in customized-solution-type wrappers. That's up from 40% just a few years ago. And so that takes a little bit more investment in the platform. The good news is that they've also had those very, very strong net inflows, so that'll play out over time. So I've looked at it as onetime spike. It's not impacted by the Asia advisors piece. And as far as the slight differences over time, that's just related to a reclassification of how we dealt with certain long-term incentive award shares. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Chen with Credit Suisse. 
Adam Eling: This is Adam on for Howard. In the past, you've noted your constructive outlook for credit. The Harbourmaster acquisition clearly dovetails with that, and appreciate your comments on how that expands the footprint in Europe. And as you look forward, are there any pockets of the credit space where you think you're still underpenetrated? And what segments of credit do you see offering the best opportunities for growth? 
Stephen Schwarzman: I'd say in terms of credit, we're probably underpenetrated long only jump on management, and we really haven't expanded in that area as much as we can. In the leveraged loan area, I think we're probably the largest non-bank in the world in that area. And in mezzanine, we pushed that. I think we also have a lot of expansion potential in Asia. We really are not present there for a variety of reasons. There's only so much you can do. Some of their credit laws or laws enforcing creditors' rights aren't as developed as they are in some other places, but there are a lot of people who have made good money there. So there are a lot of other places geographically where we can take our product, particularly if we can raise money in local currency so that those local currency investors are used to those laws in those countries in terms of how to be investing. So there's a long runway to go. We also haven't really raised money in Europe for a number of our products in euros. That may be a little challenging in today's world where people are pretty frozen in Europe about committing to almost anything. But that market will probably normalize over time, assuming that the euro, it's gained, which, as of today, feels better because of a variety of factors including Draghi's approach to running the ECB. So I think a long way more to go in GSO. 
Hamilton James: The other thing, Adam, I would add is, we're spending some -- I'd say we've had a very good success with commercial credit on the commercial real estate side, and there's some interesting growth opportunities there. We've got a new team in Europe in the last year, and I think we'll be expanding that business. We're underweighted there. And we're even starting to take a hard look at residential credit, residential mortgage credit and how we might play that. And of course, that's just gargantuan in size and of course, very distressed and politically sensitive. So but there could be some interesting opportunities there we're just beginning to think about. 
Adam Eling: Great. And one follow-up, as we've listened to some of the other brokerage and asset management firms through earnings season, we've heard a generally healthier tone of the capital markets from them. And I appreciate your comment on what the financing environment is like currently. As you guys said in investment community, would you say that you share that view? And as you look forward to 2012, how are you thinking about this affecting your opportunities for deployment? 
Hamilton James: Well, the financing markets, the debt financing markets in the U.S. are reasonably healthy. In Europe, they're pretty much shut down, so it's quite -- there's a real dichotomy between those 2 markets. The economies -- the European economy feels like it's going into a recession, to us. The U.S. economy feel like it's growing more strongly than it has in the past. So that makes us think that we're sort of trying to be contrarian, that can make us think there could be some interesting opportunities in Europe, if you're judicious and if you're buying companies that are not economically sensitive. And it makes us think, maybe in the U.S., get some of them focused more on companies that'll participate in the growth as it develops. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Davitt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
M. Patrick Davitt: I think Steve mentioned the kind of revenue and EBITDA growth expectations for the portfolio of companies. Could you kind of walk us through what's driving their expectation of negative operating leverage? 
Hamilton James: You mean the fact the revenue's up a bit more than EBITDA? 
M. Patrick Davitt: Yes. 
Hamilton James: Well, it's kind of the reversal of what's been happening. When the economy came down, they massively cut costs, frankly, to deal with what was a very scary environment. At this point, we have encouraged our companies to start investing for growth, and there's a lag effect there. They start spending more on new business initiatives, capital expenditures, R&D, advertising. Almost all of that is front ended as expenditures. And we hope, over time, it'll have good long-term effects on the growth rates. 
M. Patrick Davitt: Okay. That's helpful. And the GSO buyout, is there any concern that any of the key men are going to check out anytime soon? Or what really drove that decision? 
Stephen Schwarzman: Actually, it was quite the opposite. I think that we felt good about where they were. We have had virtually 0 turnover in GSO. We felt it was a good time, really, for 2 ways. I think, that the partners in GSO -- as part of the deal, by the way, we lengthened the amount of retention over time, and it's payable over several years. So we actually strengthened the retention. But we never really thought that there was much risk of departure and also, much of the considerations being recycled back in their funds because the GSO people believe in their funds and believe this is a good time to be there, so it worked both ways. 
Hamilton James: Yes, and let me just add to that. There's no group in our firm that look into the future with more excitement and optimism than GSO. Just the economics of their business -- first of all, just being a provider of high-margin credit in this world is a fantastic place to be. Secondly, the way they raise money and then actually don't actually get fees and whatnot on until it's invested, the dynamics of that business are very well poised to have like a surge in profitability over the next few years, and they're looking at that, of course, is expecting some of that to get into the bonus pool. And of course, our job is to make sure that it's a little level as possible. 
Stephen Schwarzman: But one thing that is fun, and Tony's completely on point with this, on Monday this week, GSO moved from where they've been a few blocks down on Park Avenue into our sort of headquarters building at 345 Park. And I've never seen so many excited people, and I don't think they were aware that they were down in some kind of deep hole or something on -- I forgot what floor it was down there, 16, surrounded by giant office buildings, and here they're up on 31, where, because of the adjoining buildings, they're up above most of it. And it's had a brilliant sunlight and new offices and excited people and everybody at the firm is really happy that we've now got all of our New York people in one building. And the kind of concerns that you evidenced in the question, it's really just the opposite when you got visibility of what's going on here. 
M. Patrick Davitt: Okay, great. And I think in the past, you've talked about the Real Estate portfolio being particularly primed for some cash realizations. Do you still feel that way? And is that a more immediate opportunity or next 2 years? Could you kind of frame that for us? 
Stephen Schwarzman: I'd say we have a very, very large portfolio there. And it's a funny thing, you can almost harvest our Real Estate portfolio at any time you choose. It's really a matter of choice. And how much growth we're going to get out of the U.S. economy for how long because we're on leverage, it's an issue of absolute dollars. And if we're facing a more expanded cycle, then it's sort of like, "Why would you sell today if you could hold on and make more money tomorrow?" And we're in the business of buying low and selling higher. Nobody ever picks the top tick on an entire portfolio, particularly the scale of ours. But we're seeing the trends improve. And what happens in real estate, as you get up close to high occupancy, whether it's a building or an asset class like industrial, what happens is the rents geometrically pop, and that usually happens on office in somewhere around 7% or something like that of a building. You get a market tighter than that and rents spike. When those rents spike, the people who buy those properties will pay you much, much more than your current cash flow is justifying because they can price those rents in the future when your stuff rolls off. And that one asset will earn a hugely higher amount of money. And so what we try and do is, for the most part, try and time that exit to get closer in that kind of ideal zone. And we're not there yet. For some of it, some properties we've had for a while, they've done quite well, and we'd exit those. But when we exit the real estate, my expectation is that we will really crush it, okay? And we'll really do extremely well, and that's assuming that the economy continues on and construction remains almost nonexistent except for the apartment sector. We're not huge participants. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Fannon with Jefferies. 
Daniel Fannon: I guess building upon that and thinking about the realization opportunity, you mentioned on the PE side potentially a good backdrop for 2012 if markets hold up. I mean, obviously, it's very difficult to predict. But any way to size of what you guys think in your portfolio as ripe or potentially ready to go in terms of coming -- exiting at this point? 
Hamilton James: Dan, I hate to get into that because of its IPO. We've got some SEC restrictions and some other things. So I can say this, we've got a couple of -- we've got several IPOs that we're in the process of moving forward on at different stages. Some are quite early, we still haven't even chosen underwriters yet for some of them. But we're -- there are several in the pipeline. I think there's probably going -- you're probably going to see more activity on, that was the statement Steve was saying, on the Real Estate side than on the Private Equity side this year, though. 
Daniel Fannon: Okay. And then I guess, with the financing markets better here in the U.S. certainly than in Europe, I mean, is the competitive framework for finding attractive opportunities in the U.S., has that picked up? Or is it still -- I know you guys do a lot of proprietary sourcing, but just trying to get a sense of the competitive aspects out there right now. 
Stephen Schwarzman: One thing I'd say with that is that the M&A cycle, as you know from reporting or reading the reports on the investment banks, where you can see that M&A volumes really plunged. And in terms of new setups for private equity, we've done a pretty unusual job sourcing things, allotting energy where people need to add to what they're doing or starting new businesses, whether it's in the shell business or building electric plants in India. But the kind of regular way, M&A-driven private equity type opportunities have been relatively small just because M&A volumes are down. M&A volumes are almost always down when you're at the bottom and coming up from a recessionary period because sellers basically just don't want to sell when equities have not been worth much and I think, they can get more value for their company in the future. So it takes a little while for an economy to recover where buyers and sellers can match up in a comfortable way, and we're getting closer to that. But remember what it was like last August. That wasn't that long ago with the debt talks, Europe in shambles, U.S. downgraded, markets collapsing, who the heck would sell a business in the middle of that? And people who sell businesses don't make changes in the way they think as a result of a 2-month rally, which isn't like a heroic rally, in any case, in the capital markets. It takes a while, and we also have the uncertainty of the political environment, which has been basically getting in the way of an enormous amount of normal functioning in the economy. And as those issues get resolved one way or another and expansion continues, you'll see more volume coming in a more traditional fashion in the Private Equity area. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer. 
Christoph Kotowski: A couple of questions related to the real estate. First of all, at the end of the third quarter, you said you had $10.1 billion of dry powder in real estate. This quarter, you invested $1 billion, and you ended up with $10 billion. So I assume that means you got an additional $1 billion of commitments roughly for BREP VII? 
Laurence Tosi: Yes, that's about right. 
Christoph Kotowski: Okay. And then how does that $10 billion of dry powder relate to the VII -- or you said BREP VII was up to $6 billion. The remaining $4 billion, would that be primarily in -- yes, where is that? 
Laurence Tosi: It's in a couple of different funds. It's in -- and some of it, as Tony mentioned before, we still have about EUR 2.5 billion in our last European fund, and that's the majority of it. 
Christoph Kotowski: Okay. So I mean, it's not that you keep follow-on investment funds, so it's mainly in the European fund, okay. 
Laurence Tosi: Yes, that's correct. 
Christoph Kotowski: And then how does this flow into AUM? It seems like unlike in Private Equity, this only flows into a fee-paying AUM when it's deployed? 
Hamilton James: No. So in real estate, it's as committed. The one place it is as deployed is in our Real Estate debt strategies business. Let me just qualify that slightly, it's as committed when a fund is in its investment period. Before a fund is in investment period, it doesn't show up. So but the BREP fund that we're raising is in its investment period as we're raising it, so it becomes -- it flows in there as committed. 
Laurence Tosi: So at the end of the year, you had about $5 billion of the new fund that was in fee-paying AUM. 
Joan Solotar: Yes. But I had mentioned this last quarter, from -- in terms of when we started collecting those fees, it wasn't until the first quarter of this year on the real estate fund. So even though, the year-end number showed it in the AUM, there were no fee, management fees accrued for the first quarter, that's going to start in-- excuse me, for the fourth quarter, that'll start in the first quarter. 
Christoph Kotowski: Okay. I guess what I'm wondering about is why wasn't -- isn't there at some point a step function increase as the whole fund comes in? 
Joan Solotar: Not in real estate. 
Christoph Kotowski: Not in real estate. So and you keep this fund open, for the -- you said through the end of 2012, you'll be having additional closings. 
Laurence Tosi: That's right. There will be additional closings in 2012 for the latest real estate fund. That's right. 
Christoph Kotowski: Okay. And so if in this quarter, we effectively raised another $1 billion, then sort of in the first quarter number's one should theoretically see a $1 billion step-up from that? 
Joan Solotar: No, no, no. So what I was saying is in the AUM number, that's true. But in terms of fees, the fees didn't kick in until the first quarter. So the entire amount raised will start earning fees in the first quarter. It's a bigger jump than the AUM number will show. 
Stephen Schwarzman: That's because you do get that big step-up. 
Joan Solotar: Because we start the fee in investment period. 
Laurence Tosi: Right. 
Christoph Kotowski: All right. And we should see that the first quarter? 
Joan Solotar: Correct. 
Stephen Schwarzman: When you see -- start the investment period on BREP or BREP VII or BCP VI, that's when you get that big step function. And as you keep raising money, all right, that step goes higher. You go up another step because that money wasn't there previously, and it is. In our GSO drawdown funds, for example, the credit world treats these type of funds differently from an LP point of view, and those funds only generate their management fee when they are invested, right? So there's no giant step-up. It's really a slow leakage into income as that fund makes its investments. 
Hamilton James: If I -- we're all smiling at each other here because we pretty much butchered this answer. But let me see if I -- in a typical real estate and private equity fund, when the investment period begins, you begin recognizing the fees on the amount that's been raised, and that was the case of BCP VI in the first quarter of 2011. The recent BREP fund is a little bit different than we've had in the past because while we have raised $6.1 billion to date, as Joan pointed out, because of the way that was structured, it was effectively a fee holiday during the -- for the capital that was raised in 2011. So for the $5 billion that appears in our fee-earning assets for that fund at the end of the year, those fees will begin paying for the first time in the first quarter, and there will be a catch-up. So you surmised correctly that there will be a step-up, so to speak, and that's somewhat unusual for the way we've done funds in the past. It really relates to the fact that it was a very robust investment environment, and we wanted to get capital in quickly, and we did some deals earlier than we normally would. So just one note, though, when a new fund starts coming in, what's typically happening is you're selling investments out of an old fund. And so you lose the management fees on an investment that's sold, obviously. So there's a -- it's never -- it's not as big a step-up as you might expect. 
Christoph Kotowski: Okay. And yes, then going back to the realization side. I mean, would one expect most of the realizations would be out of BREP IV, not V and VI, they'll need more time to mature or occupy it, get the occupancy up and all that? 
Laurence Tosi: Not necessarily because it's more asset-dependent than it is in the particular fund theyre in. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital. 
Roger Freeman: Just in the -- your portfolio coming in, I guess, particularly in the U.S., going back to one of the earlier questions. If you're positioning to try to grow -- sort of grow through investment in a low top line growth environment, I think, Tony, you mentioned earlier in the call that from a CapEx perspective, companies generally have a fair amount of excess capacity. So maybe there's not as much opportunity there. I guess I'm wondering are bolt-on acquisitions with any existing portfolio company something more of a focus this year? 
Hamilton James: Well, they're focus this year, but they've been a focus for the past few years too. I mean, one of the main ways that we like to invest money is industry consolidations where you start with a platform company and a world-class management team. That's frankly, "too good" a management team for a company of that size and certainly, too deep and then add bolt-ons to try to create value that way as a synergistic buyer. And that continues to be a main focus of ours. 
Roger Freeman: Okay, great. And then on the opportunities in Europe from the bank deleveraging and the investing you're doing around that, do you -- is the amount of supply coming out and likely to continue coming out, is that depressing prices further? In other words, should we expect the returns on those investments maybe to be somewhat delayed because there may be more of those that will ramp down before the pricing recover? 
Hamilton James: I don't know, Roger, actually. I mean, I read that the banks are going to sell $3 trillion of assets in Europe. If that's the case, in a reasonably short period of time, yes. I mean, it's a tidal wave. We haven't seen anything like that major flow yet. We are seeing European banks from all countries selling and starting to sell assets lately, but it's -- but the floodgates aren't open yet. So what might happen here is, with the ECB putting last time $0.5 trillion or maybe this time as much as $1 trillion of liquidity into the banks, you might well see some of these European banks, because they're getting a lot of very low-cost funding from the ECB, sit on the assets that are accruing higher and continue to earn their way out of some of their capital problems, and that could stretch it out a lot longer, the asset sales. So if that's the case, then, no, I don't think you'd see a depressant in the returns you could be earning by buying. We have a -- I think the returns have held up pretty well on the stuff we've seen so far. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Yes, the stuff we bought -- a lot of the stuff we bought, though, it's interesting, they're European sellers, but they're often U.S. assets. So we're not seeing the pressure in the U.S. because it's such a broad type of market, and we're buying it, in effect, at U.S. clearing prices. And that additional supply from Europe doesn't really make a difference. And we have -- and I've been personally involved in experiences where the head of a European financial institution will say, "Look, I'd love to sell you this thing. We've made an offer for it, but I just can't take a deeper write-off. I just can't do it because I've got my regulatory capital requirements and I'm carrying it higher, and you may be the real market, but I can't survive if I dump all this stuff out of that price." And from a financial system perspective, you actually don't want that institution destroying their equity capital for the privilege of shrinking. And recently, I'm sure you saw it, I guess, it was a week before last right around Davos that Mrs. Merkel and Sarkozy, asked the Basel committee to change the applicability of Basel III standards to the French and German banks. That's for straightforward talk, that really just has to do with if we comply, you're going to make such a mess in our countries with the deleveraging and the capital and the rest of it. We won't be able to extend credit. We can't run our countries right. Our ability to grow our country is -- we're going to be going down. That's going to destabilize the financial system all the more. It's something I've been saying for 2 years. They've now just caught up with the reality of this and the ECB -- excuse me, the Basel committee will probably back off from some of that just to protect the European financial system, which has been pushed to the point of severe distress and lack of confidence in terms of being able to raise liabilities. And what that should mean is, that yes, they will sell. But I think Tony's thesis on this is correct. It will provide sales over a longer period of time for people like us, which is probably a good thing because we can pace our capital raising to what's going on in the market. If you have a huge flood, it almost overwhelms everyone, and there basically aren't enough buyers. The U.S. banks, which are looking for earning assets, the big U.S. banks, for the most part, are in excellent shape, and they're looking for assets. And that's why when we've made, for example, in real estate, bids for some of these asset pools where we've been successful, we'll team up with a U.S. bank to buy the senior pieces that are quite secure, and we'll take the stuff more on the bottom of the capital structure, where you can say in a simplistic way there's more risk. We don't see that more risk or else we wouldn't be doing it. But where the return is much greater and you have to do something to that property, and if you don't do something successfully, it's not so good for you. If you do, you can make many, many more times than the banks would make just buying the senior debt. But there's a good appetite for that senior debt, and we are a partner of choice for the U.S. banking system on those type of major deals 
Roger Freeman: All right, that's helpful. It just seems like something has to give because of the June 30 deadline, I guess, it's your one where it's shows the 9%, either assets have to start going out but their deadlines have to get pushed back or calculations redone. Okay. And then just on the IPO pipeline, I appreciate you don't want to -- you can't get into specifics, but maybe in terms of maybe total invested capital or carrying value of capital that might -- you're considering for IPO this year, could you maybe talk about it in those terms, if you have that? 
Hamilton James: Honestly, Roger, one thing I've learned the hard way with my own portfolio is, I'm terrible at predicting the stock market, and that it's going to totally be driven by that. 
Roger Freeman: Okay. I understand. If I could just add, I might have missed this earlier. Realizations in Private Equity were negative in the fourth quarter. Was that just one transaction? Or was that. . . 
Laurence Tosi: No. Actually, Roger -- it's LT. It actually is a timing issue. So if you look at the full year numbers, that's the right realization number. But there were some -- we made an adjustment relative to some realized performance fees in the third quarter that we'd probably realized early so we're just reversing that out. The full year number is reflective of the full year results. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc Irizarry with Goldman Sachs. 
Marc Irizarry: I'm going to try this one again a different way. Steve, this past year, you put out, I think, $16 billion of capital and pulled $9 billion out of the ground. When you think about 2012, if you have to sort of give your prognostication as to what those numbers look like a year from now, do you think this is just going to be a bigger year for investing versus harvesting activity? 
Stephen Schwarzman: Tony was asked that question, Marc, on the earlier press call, and I think he said it was really tough to predict that, which it is. And he gave an estimate which, I think, was like a guess at the table of some number. He used 8 to 10. I don't know really. That's one of the adventures of being part of a firm like this. We're in a job of opportunistically taking advantage of large things. Last year, in Real Estate, for example, was sort of unprecedented, in large part because we caught this major deal from Australia, which needed about $6 billion or something like that of equity, where we offloaded a bunch because it was too big -- not $6 billion of equity. It was a $9 billion deal with $3 billion of equity. That -- I don't know if we're going to catch one that size again. If I had to guess, I'd probably say the Real Estate commitments would be down a bit from last year. Probably more deals, lower aggregate size would be my guess, although it's no more than a guess, and Private Equity is tough to tell. It will depend on the M&A cycle. And... 
Hamilton James: Yes. And -- but in general, though, Marc, I think we're in a part of a cycle. The economy is not great. The markets aren't great, really. I think -- I mean, we've got a lot of new funds and dry capital, as we've discussed, where you could expect that we'd be putting more money out than we'll be harvesting. We also have some new products, which we're pretty interested and excited about, which I'm not going to talk about on this call. But when you get a new product or new fund area, of course, it's all outflow, and you don't harvest any of those investments for a while. So I think, as Steve said, it's really hard to predict, and we're not just unable to do that for you guys as much as we'd like to. But I think, generally, we're still sort of net investment mode. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Also, I'd like to say Marc just to thank you for you for that, hosting us at the Goldman conference. It's always fun to come down there. And you ask good questions and it's -- it works out really well. You have a really good audience there. And so I personally enjoyed that. 
Hamilton James: I'm not sure if that could be -- same could be said of all the analysts and all the firms that had been on the call today, however. 
Marc Irizarry: Just one quick follow-up on fees. If you look at some of the new funds that you've launched, you mentioned the fee holiday on BREP VII. Any other changes to fees or to terms on the new funds? 
Hamilton James: Nothing significant. And it wasn't really so much of -- I mean, again, this whole BREP thing is a bit complicated. But the first closers, got a bit of an incentive for a short period of time. So it really wasn't a fund-wide holiday. And actually, in some ways, the terms of when management fees accrue are actually more favorable because new money that comes in now actually goes all the way back to the inception date. So you shouldn't think of that as an adjustment down in fees. You should think of that as just sort of a structural quirk. 
Joan Solotar: So there'll be about a $25 million catch-up in the first quarter related to that fund. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Based on what we know now. 
Joan Solotar: Based on what we know today. 
Stephen Schwarzman: Right, because we don't fully know -- I keep telling this, but we don't fully know how much assets we'll have. 
Joan Solotar: Yes, roughly. 
Marc Irizarry: And then just quickly, one for you, LT, maybe we'll see this in the Q or the K. But where are we in the PE fund catch-up? So if you look at the funds that maybe aren't in cash, cash carry mode, if you will, where are we in that catch-up? How far away are we from getting to cash carry mode? 
Laurence Tosi: It's flat quarter-over-quarter. So it's still a 12% change in total enterprise value it would take to get to the carry in BCP V. And the BREP funds, BREP V and VI are almost 100% of the way through their catch-up, 95% of the way through, and you will see that in the K. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time that we have for questions today. I will now turn the call over to Joan Solotar for closing remarks. 
Joan Solotar: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your attention, and look forward to catching up after the call. Have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives Ed Stokx  EVP and CFOJoe Russell  President and CEOJohn Peterson  EVP and COOAnalysts Craig Mailman  KeyBanc MarketsJordan Sadler  KeyBanc MarketsSuzanne Kim  Credit SuisseMichael Mueller  JPMorganMark Lutenski  BMO Capital MarketsDavid Shamis  CitiOperator Good afternoon and welcome to the third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. My name is Daniele and I will be facilitating the audio portion of today's interactive broadcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. For those of you on the stream, please take note of the options available in your event console.At this time I would like to turn the show over to Mr. Stokx.Ed Stokx Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for the third quarter 2010 PS Business Parks investor conference call. I'm Ed Stokx, CFO of the company. And with me are Joe Russell, President And Chief Executive Officer and John Peterson, Chief Operating Officer.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks control which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements.All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affects PS Business Parks' forward-looking statements, please refer to the reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release which can be found on our website at www.psbusinessparks.com.Now I will turn the call over to Joe.Joe Russell Thank you, Ed. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am going to briefly review third quarter results, touch base on the investment arena and close by discussing our recent capital raising activity. J.P. will go into more detail on specific operational results and then Ed will conclude by discussing our financial metrics.PSB's third quarter operational results were in close range to our performance over the last few quarters. Same Park occupancy trended down slight toll 91.3% but was up 190 basis points from a year ago. This is the fourth consecutive quarter where we have maintained occupancy above 91%.Leasing volume was up slightly as we closed approximately $1.5 million square feet in deals with a total of 444 leases signed. The average lease size was approximately 3400 square feet, again similar with previous metrics.New leases are still more onerous to close where users shop markets more aggressively and look for additional concessions to justify a move. Without that pressure, renewals can generate less onerous rent roll-downs and thus we attempt to retain every customer we can. This quarter retention was up slightly to 58%, which is also our run rate for the full year.Finally, executed versus expiring lease rates declined 10.3% on a cash basis, the lowest roll down in six quarters. This is just one data point, albeit an important one, which is a hopeful indication that current lease rates are close to bottoming.On our last conference call we announced the acquisition of Tycon II and III in Tysons Corner for $35.4 million in northern Virginia. Since then, we have not closed on any additional acquisitions. The investment market is still tough to predict but I am encouraged that more product is surfacing.We are prioritizing our investment efforts around assets that have some element of repositioning. This often provides an added discount to replacement cost where we can deploy PSB's operational strategies and ultimately deliver stronger returns once the asset has been stabilized. Our teams are ready to capture these types of properties and we will hopefully see more product interior come back into the market.Year-to-date, we have in total deployed approximately $162 million into well located business parks that fit this model. And we look forward to the long-term benefit these assets bring to PSB's platform. With a weighted average in place occupancy on the four portfolios acquired of 71% in submarkets where PSB's weighted average occupancy is 91%, our opportunity is clear.Id like to close by highlighting PSB's capital position and what we have accomplished over the last 15 months to further strengthen PSB's platform. In August of 2009, we raised $171 million through the sale of common equity. Year-to-date in 2010, we have acquired $162 million of assets, raised $75 million of 6.875% preferred equity and including our redemption of the series L on November 8th, we will have redeemed $122.5 million of preferred equity with an average rate of 7.8%.As a result of this combined activity, we have a capital structure that is just 28% levered, primarily with $652 million of preferred equity with a blended yield of 7%. We have an untapped $100 million credit facility and a cash balance after the November 8th redemption of $52 million. This clearly demonstrates the strength and capacity of PSB's balance sheet and competitive posture, as we continue to pursue additional growth opportunities.Now Ill turn the call over to J.P.John Petersen Thank you, Joe. I will begin with an assessment of current  excuse me  market conditions. As I have discussed before, job growth still remains the primary driver of market net absorption and occupancy, but we have yet to see material job creation. We continue to see more positive net absorption.In about 70% of our markets, there was positive net absorption in the third quarter. These are the most broad-based positive market absorption numbers that we have seen in approximately two years. Portland, northern California, San Diego and Austin were the only markets that had negative net absorption in the third quarter.This is obviously an encouraging trend but in the trenches, deal economics are still challenging, leases are taking time and energy to negotiate and users still have multiple options when searching for space.What was encouraging in the third quarter was the fact that deals were getting closed and rents and concessions were slightly more favorable to us than they have been in several quarters. It is still too early to definably say markets have bottomed, but I can say fundamentals are not getting worse. Blended market occupancy in our markets was unchanged from the second quarter at 85%.Now to PSB results. Same Park occupancy in PSB's portfolio was 91.3% for the quarter. This 40 basis point sequential drop it was result of occupancy declines in the following markets. In Maryland, occupancy fell 240 basis points due to three deals over 10,000 square feet leaving the portfolio.In northern Virginia, the 58,000 square foot single building user I discussed last quarter vacated, as of August 1st which attributed to 190 basis point occupancy decline to 91.8%. In San Diego, occupancy dropped 170 basis points to 93.3% in Q3. Miami dipped by 80 basis points to 95.6% and Dallas fell by 20 basis points to 91.9%.In terms of growing occupancy, Austin led the way and increased occupancy by 450 basis points to 89.8% led by one  3,000 square foot new deal. Driven by several small deals, Seattle pushed occupancy up 280 basis points to 91.4% and Phoenix improved 230 basis points to 87.9%. In the challenging northern California market, one 10,000 square foot deal and several smaller leases grew occupancy by 130 basis points to 90.5%.As Joe mentioned, Same Park rental rates fell by 10.3% over expiring rents in the quarter. While this is an improvement over the last six quarters, these are still highly rent sensitive and negotiate hard on each deal for the lowest rate. Southern California continues to be a difficult leasing environment with little pricing power. Thus Los Angeles rents fell 19% and Orange County declined by 14%.Also on the west coast, Seattle rents declined 16% as we traded rent for occupancy. On the bright side, Austin rents increased by 3%, mostly as a result of a 30,000 square foot deal I mentioned. In the relatively more stable Washington metro markets, Maryland rents fell by 3% and northern Virginia rents declined 6.5%.The makeup of our $1.5 million square feet of leasing volume in 444 deals, represents a typical quarter as small customers, those under 5,000 square feet, drove activity and accounted for 81% of lease production. Our team in Washington metro was active and completed 317,000 square feet of transactions.Southern California had another busy quarter executing 347,000 square feet or 23% of the company's leasing volume. Florida, one of our most stable markets, completed 338,000 square feet of deals. Combined, Portland, Seattle and northern California accounted for 280,000 square feet or 18% of leasing volume.As Joe discussed, in his remarks retention continues to be a main focus of our teams. Overall retention in the third quarter was 58%. Dallas retention was 64%. Seattle retention was 68%. Maryland 72% and Portland 78%.Next, I would like to update you on our 75,000 square foot multitenant industrial development in Miami that is now complete. As of today, the building is 65% leased with an average customer size of 7,000 square feet. There is solid activity on the remaining vacancy.In addition, the redevelopment of an existing 60,000 square foot building is also complete and is 67% leased. The average size customer in this industrial building is 2500 square feet. As we head into last quarter of 2010 and with most markets beginning to see signs of stability, PSB is well positioned to capitalize on recovery.Small deal activity remains relatively active. New speculative construction is almost nonexistent and operating fundamentals may be stabilizing. With only positive minimal job growth throughout our markets, companies continue their search for value and flexibility in the real estate decisions and we have multiple solutions for them.When job growth does return, PSB has the ability to capitalize on their business expansion needs as well. For the last quarter of 2010, we have approximately $1 million square feet expiring, or 5.3% of the lease portfolio. Approximately 33% of the remaining expirations are in Washington metro market. 28% are in southern California with the balance spread throughout the portfolio.Now I will turn the call over the Ed.Ed Stokx Thank you, J.P. Reported FFO for the third quarter of 2010 was $1.05 per share. Taking into account the company's 2009 common stock offering, pro forma FFO for the third quarter 2009 was $0.98 per share, resulting in an increase in FFO of 7.1%. The FFO increase is a result of NOI from recently acquired assets and lower preferred equity distributions offset by a 3.8% decrease in Same Park NOI and 405,000 in G&A costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of real estate.The decline in Same Park NOI was driven by a 3.1% reduction in revenue resulting from lower rental rates, partially offset by a 1.4% reduction in operating expenses. Reported FFO for the nine months ended September 30th, 2010 was $2.89 per share. Excluding noncash distributions reported in connection with the redemption of preferred equity, FFO per share was $2.97.For the nine months ended September 30th, 2009 pro forma FFO, excluding the gain reported on the repurchase of preferred equity was $2.97 per share. Contributing to the consistent year-to-date FFO was a 3.4% comparative decline in Same Park NOI, $2.3 million of G&A costs incurred in connection with real estate acquisitions, offset by $5.9 million of NOI from recently acquired assets.During the third quarter of 2010, we had write-offs of uncollectible balances of $343,000 compared to 166,000 in the same period of 2009. While write-offs increased on a comparative basis, I would point out that on a quarterly and year-to-date basis, write-offs account for less than one half of 1% of revenues.Recurring capital expenditures for the three and nine months ended September 30th, 2010 were $7.9 million and $19.3 million respectively, compared to $8 million and $19.1 million for the same periods in 2009. Through September 30th, 2010 the company incurred approximately $9.1 million in nonrecurring capital costs, primarily relayed to the recently completed projects in Miami and the renovation of the 58,000 square foot building in Virginia that J.P. mentioned in his comments.On October 15th, the company completed a preferred equity offering raising $75 million in gross proceeds at a rate of 6.875%. We were pleased to issue $3 million shares of preferred equity at this rate. As it has been over three years since we have gone into the preferred market, it is worthy to note how dramatic the turnaround in preferred yields has been in recent months. We saw strong investor demand which enabled us to come close to matching PSB's lowest historical yield on preferred equity which is 6.7%.Proceeds from the offering will be used in part to redeem the company's 7.6% series L preferred equity of $48.4 million, the balance of the proceeds will be used for general working capital purposes. The redemption of the series L preferred electric will be completed on November 8th. In connection with the redemption, the company will report noncash distributions in the fourth quarter of $1.6 million.Before we open the call for your questions, I would like to remind you of two noteworthy issues that will impact revenue going forward. First, the expiration of the 58,000 square foot lease at our prosperity business park in Maryfield Virginia will result in a loss of revenue of approximately $430,000 per quarter on the outgoing rent until we release all or a portion of the premises.Second, at the end of the third quarter the 31,000 square foot lease in Los Angeles County with a financial institution seized by the FDIC was officially terminated. Until this space is released this vacancy will impact revenue by approximately 195,000 per quarter.In closing, I want to reiterate the strength and flexibility of PSB's balance sheet and our focus on cash retention. For the three months ended September 30th, 2010 and 2009, the company's FAD payout ratios remain some of the lowest in the industry at 53.5% and 58.7% respectively. For the nine months ended September 30th, 2010 and 2009, the FAD payout ratios were 55% and 50% respectively.In addition to these exceptional payout ratios, we continue to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of 3.8 times, further demonstrating PSB's capacity to pursue attractive growth opportunities. With that we will open the call for your questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Markets.Craig Mailman  KeyBanc Markets Hi it's Craig Mailman here with Jordan. Joe, could you maybe touch a little more on the acquisitions, the geographies that you're seeing, product type, then also just maybe touch on how you think you're going to finance these, just given the favorable preferred rates, would you guys go out ahead of that, or would you finance on the line first and then clean it up with preferred afterwards?Joe Russell First, Craig, as far as geography is concerned, we continue to comb all the markets where we're currently located and as we've talked about in the past, we've got good, I think, candidates for potential acquisitions in many of those markets. The tough thing that's been tough to predict as we've pursued a variety of type of deals in our markets is when and if a seller actually going to truly close on an asset.And as I mentioned, what we continue to see are certain assets that get tested to the market what I mean by that a marketing process might be going on, but then with a high degree of reluctance, because the serial may not be achieving their own hurdle rates on sales price, they'll pull it back off the market.What I'm a little bit more encouraged about is, both some of that products resurfacing, meaning some assets that we've done some underwriting on early in the year, seem to be coming back. And then even some newer product that would be our type of asset, which again would be more multitenant oriented, combined with having the opportunity to do a fair amount of repositioning, continues to surface, too.So, again, it's not a huge collection of assets, but it's more encouraging as time goes on. Probably no surprise, based on what we all know statistically is out there, which is, again, is looming amount of asset base of over levered underperforming assets that whether owners or banks directly are going to continue to take to the market.We've obviously done the lion's share of our acquisitions year-to-date in the Washington Metro market. We would certainly continue to  like to grow our portfolio there. And again, East Coast, Texas has been a good market for us. And here on the West Coast, we're doing the same thing, although we haven't seen as many yet, ideal candidates and that's why you haven't seen us take down any assets, here on the West Coast year-to-date.Then going to  okay, how do you fund or finance these properties? We were highly encouraged by the receptivity that we got in the preferred offering that we did earlier this quarter and by all indications that market continues to be very favorable to us. We do have, based on our cash balance and our untapped line of credit, just over $150 million of existing capacity, but I would tell you that we were highly encouraged, too, about the receptivity we got with the preferred market.So those two avenues were there. Obviously, a little over a year and a half ago, we tapped a common equity market. So the good news is, we continue to be confident that there are good avenues for us to go to  when and if we need additional capital.Craig Mailman  KeyBanc Markets Great. And then just one on leasing. J.P., are there any markets where you're starting to feel more confident given occupancy, about pushing rents, or are you guys still taking occupancy over rate?John Petersen Yeah. Craig, good question. Just real quick, I think Joe mentioned on a relative basis, the D.C. market is more stable than others. Same would be said for  specifically, our Miami portfolio. We've had success leasing our new development and the redevelopments and our existing portfolio there is 95%.So we're trying to push rents there specifically. And then as I mentioned on the west coast, it's more difficult  pricing power  to get any pricing power there. So there's just not the demand. Unemployment is higher. And then in Texas, I think, as Joe mentioned also, it's fairly stable and unemployment is lower than other parts of the country.And so we've seen some contraction there. But then just breaking it down even further, we do break it down as you know, Craig, on a park-by-park, space-by-space basis. So where we have the opportunity to push rents on a specific space or a specific park, we will do that. But that's  thats a decision that our leaders in the field make each and everyday.Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Markets Hey, guys. It's Jordan. I just wanted to follow up also J.P., on one of the opening comments about roll-down being the lowest in six quarters and I was just curious, I know you don't give mark-to-market. There are a bunch of small spaces, given a space-by-space basis but given sort of your view that fundamentals are not getting worse. Would you expect, based on where you are in in-place rents that trend to continue, meaning the roll-downs would continue to fall, based on where we're at today?Joe Russell Yeah. Sure, Jordan. As you know well, this can vary deal-by-deal, space-by-space. You kind of said it in your question, quarter-by-quarter. And like I also said in my remarks, it's too early to call this a trend. And, so we're not going to, but we are pushing back in markets and spaces in parks where we can and that's what we'll do space-by-space, deal-by-deal. So I can't sit here and point any one direction because it does swing as you know quarter-to-quarter deal  the deals. So that's where we are. But our teams are focused on it and Im covering it as I said in my remarks that fundamentals are stabilizing.Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Markets Thank you.Joe Russell You bet.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Suzanne Kim with Credit Suisse.Suzanne Kim  Credit Suisse Hi, I'm just trying to see about the difference between your average and the end-of-period occupancy and also, how the lease up of the acquisition pool is going right now.Joe Russell Okay. As far as the acquisition pool, I'd tell you that we are encouraged by the traction that we've been able to create so far. Again, we've acquired about $1.6 million square feet year-to-date, four different portfolios. Three of the portfolios are in Washington Metro, the fourth being in Austin.So we've  if you combine all those assets, the in-place occupancy at time of acquisition was about 71%. But we've seen some good leasing activity that hovers at around  about 100,000 square feet all combined, about half of it's new, half of its renewal. We'll take multiple quarters to continue that traction as the repositioning we're doing, primarily again on the Washington Metro assets. The Austin portfolio was pretty stabilized when we acquired it.So, we'll take some additional time, but we're encouraged so far by what we've seen from an overall demand factor. The types of tenants that are coming into those parks, as the repositioning efforts that we planned to have done when we bought the assets and we continue to do now that we own them are going well. And again we're getting that good receptivity and getting some good leasing traction. What certainly is helping is the fact that the bulk of those assets are in the Washington Metro market.So, as far as blended full quarter occupancy to end-of-year or end-of-quarter, occupancy, the numbers are very close and we're not really seeing as far as the third quarter anyway, a big discrepancy on where we ended the quarter versus what the average was.Suzanne Kim  Credit Suisse Okay. Great. Thank you so much.Joe Russell You bet.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Question, Ed, on the two tenants you mentioned, the 430,000 of rent and the 195 of rent. Can you talk about, if we're looking at the third quarter NOI or the third quarter revenues, how much of those two combined, which I guess is about $625,000 of revenues, how much was reflected in the third quarter?Ed Stokx Sure, Mike. The  breaking it down to 58,000 square foot building in Prosperity.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Yeah.Ed Stokx That's $430,000 per quarter. That lease expired at the end of July. So we had one month in the first  in the second quarter  I'm sorry in the third quarter from that lease.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay.Ed Stokx The second one, the 31,000 square foot in LA. That expired or was terminated at the very end of the quarter. So we had that in place for the full third quarter.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay. Great. And I know you have touched on the lease spreads a little bit and I understand how they can bounce around, but I was just wondering any color on what you have seen the past month or so, does it feel like if there is some element of stickiness to that improvement in the lease spreads, or is it just kind of bouncing around and really we just need to look at it as one data point?Joe Russell Yeah, Mike. I think I would first start by looking at it is one data point, as J.P. talked to what we'll experience with the range of deals that we do every single quarter and the location that those take place and that again there is  it's tough to predict. And so far say, we can peg a trend to it. But again the set of metrics that are I think encouraging so far is market absorption seems to be starting to improve.Again, there is no spec construction that we're competing against. On the downside, we're not seeing really a lot of evidence of job growth. But once that starts taking place, I think we'll start seeing hopefully some better trend. But as J.P. talked to the senses that we certainly feel a bottoming is at hand.Now the question is what kind of traction in the coming quarters would we start seeing based on these other elements that would hopefully start improving our ability to grow rent ranges and occupancy. But it's still too tough to say even as you look into the fourth quarter that there is a lot of feel going into that so far. It doesn't feel the opposite, meaning it doesn't feel like things have gone  are unwinding at all, but it's still just too soon to tell.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay. Okay. Great. Thank you.Joe Russell You bet.Operator (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lutenski with BMO Capital Markets.Mark Lutenski  BMO Capital Markets Good morning. I just wanted to touch briefly on acquisitions. Can you guys comment on what you're seeing in terms of pricing out there and also can you comment on the competitiveness of the acquisition market?Ed Stokx Sure, Mark. Yeah. The  pricing, it will always be highly dependent upon what markets, particular assets are in, first, second, the nature of the occupancy and overall stability of those assets. And as I talked to in my opening remarks, we've been much more comfortable and like the opportunity that we've been able to make sense of when we're out competing for assets that need that high degree of repositioning because, again, the amount of capital that's chasing those deals is typically not as deep nor as competitive as you might see for a highly stabilized, well located and maybe even a little bit more trophy-oriented asset.So, our zone continues to be, again, in that type of asset that we can reposition by well below replacement costs and then work into a good longer term return. There is a fair amount of capital out there that we've seen that's been chasing the  again, the highly stabilized, more traditional investment Class A grade type of an asset.But we've seen less competitive activity in the type of assets that we've been pursuing. It's still competitive. Cap rates are trending down slightly, but again that's the kind of asset that we're going to continue probably to make sense of. SoMark Lutenski  BMO Capital Markets Do you see any opportunities to get maybe more opportunistic on the selling side?Ed Stokx On the, what?Mark Lutenski  BMO Capital Markets Selling assets, perhaps?Ed Stokx It's not a big part of our focus or strategic reorientation of the portfolio. For the most part we have got good beachheads in each of our markets, good concentrations of park and concentrations of assets. Those are tough to accumulate and for the most part, the portfolio is going to continue to operate well, because we have got those kinds of concentration. So our focus is certainly much more oriented towards growing the portfolio versus reworking or shedding certain assets.Mark Lutenski  BMO Capital Markets And then one final question then, in the past you guys have mentioned that you have been beneficiary of some of the larger tenants downsizing their space needs. I'm wondering are you still seeing that as a trend or are you starting to see that stabilizing perhaps and maybe even reversing, where you're seeing some of the smaller tenants looking to expand their space needs?John Petersen Hey, Mark. We're still able to catch them as they grow and as they contract. I mean that's why we focus on this park strategy. And yeah, definitely, some companies are still contracting. Are there companies growing? Yeah, there are. Our strategy and our model is to make sure we're talking to our customers and then we move them accordingly based on their needs within our park or sets of parks.So  but I wouldn't say that. We're seeing a trend, yeah, one way or another on more contractions and more expansions. It's a little bit of all ball tuck-ins  it has been for the last several quarters.Mark Lutenski  BMO Capital Markets Great. Thank you, guys.Joe Russell You bet.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Attie with Citi.David Shamis  Citi Hey, guys. This is David Shamis here. Just looking at your same-store operating margin, it looks like you dropped about 150 basis points from last quarter. So I'm wondering if there is any one-time item in thereEd Stokx No, one-time items. One thing that we did comment on in our second quarter conference call is that we had some  seen some pretty significant reductions in operating expenses. Some of those we attributed on the call last quarter to timing. So some of those from a timing standpoint have come through in the third quarter, just in terms of repairs and maintenance and some utility things, but other than that, there are no unusual or one-time hits or revenue items.David Shamis  Citi Okay. And what was the average term of leases signed during the quarter? How does that compare to prior quarters?Joe Russell It was around three years, which is consistent with basically every quarter. It's around three years.David Shamis  Citi Great. Thanks, guys.Joe Russell You bet.Operator And at this time, there are no further questions.Ed Stokx Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us. And we'll look forward to talking to you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you and have a great day.Operator Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives Joe Russell - President and CEOEd Stokx - CFOJohn Petersen - COOAnalysts David Simon - CitigroupCraig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital MarketSuzanne Kim - Credit SuisseMichael Mueller - JPMorganMark Lutenski - BMO Capital MarketsDave Rodgers - RBC Capital MarketsChris Lucas - Robert W. BairdMichael Bilerman - CitigroupJordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital MarketOperator At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the PS Business Parks Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions)I would now to turn the event over to Mr. Ed Stokx, Chief Financial Officer of PS Business Parks. Sir, you may begin.Ed Stokx Good morning and thank you for joining us for the second quarter 2010 PS Business Parks investor conference call. I am Ed Stokx, CFO of the company, and with me are Joe Russell, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Petersen, Chief Operating Officer.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks' control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements.All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks' forward-looking statements, please refer to the reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K.We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release, which can be found on our website at www.psbusinessparks.com.Now, I will turn the call over to Joe.Joe Russell Thank you Ed. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am going to briefly touch on overall second quarter results. I will go then go on a more detail on our recent and year-to-date investment activity.PSB's result for the second quarter are basically a continuation of the path we have been on for several quarters. Same-park occupancy has picked 30 basis points sequentially to 91.7%, primarily due to our ability compete successfully for value oriented customers, seeking simple, well-located functional space.We executed approximately 1.4 million square feet of leasing transactions where cash rents 15.9%, while still [deflecting] high capital requirements as smaller users are not demanding over-standard tenant improvements. The average lease size was 3300 square feet with an average lease term of 3.3 years, which will enable us to re-price these leases in a more favorable environment in the future.Small user vibrancy continues to drive the leasing activity across all of our markets, which again is no different than what we have seen throughout this correction. PSB's bread and butter product continues to be a good fit for the wide range of users that are right sizing their businesses in this challenging economy.Now, I would like to discuss our recent and year-to-date investment activity. Late last week we completed acquisition of Tycon II and III a two building multi-tenant Class B office park in Tyson's Corner in Northern Virginia. This is PSB's first park in the Tyson submarket and we have purchased an underperforming, low occupied asset that is a perfect fit for our operations team to turnaround.We acquired the assets for a $131 per square foot and will need to invest additional dollars to deliver multi-tenant space to the market. All-in-cost, will still be well below replacement cost, allowing us to aggressively market the park to drive occupancy and economic performance.The current tenancy is already in our preferred zone, with an average tenant size of 3,000 square feet. Over the next several quarters we will launch a rebranding and repositioning effort by inserting our own personnel into the project, coupled with our traditional marketing, leasing and property management strategy.Initial occupancy is 47% and note the immediate return on the asset will be impacted until occupancy is corrected. The closet asset PSB owns in this market is Prosperity Business Park, a 658,000 square foot multitenant office and Flex Park that was 97.5% occupied at June 30.With Tycon, PSB has completed four separate transactions this year deploying approximately $162 million in asset purchases. The theme of these transactions is as follows. We are pursuing well-located, underperforming assets that need some repositioning effort. We take the risk of reformatting the asset to a PSB user standard and with that effort, capture the upside that our low cost bases and improved occupancy provide.All assets have been acquired below replacement cost with average in-place occupancy of 71%. This gives us the ability to lease up assets and deliver far better returns than acquiring more stabilized but lower-yielding properties with far fewer competitors chasing these types of opportunities.In addition, each of these transactions have enhanced PSB's footprint in markets we know quite well. Collectively, these newly acquired parks broaden our ability to offer existing and new customers more choices, while giving PSB's leasing and property management teams' additional scale to leverage our competitive position. We are confident that PSB's track record will play out with the approximately 1.6 million square feet of acquired inventory and we intend to deliver good results with this well located parks.Even with the success we have seen thus far, we are diligently combing multiple markets in search of similar opportunities. Although more products are entering the market for sale, the depth of that activity is still light as many owners of assets are being given a high degree of flexibility by their lenders.We continue to be well-poised as Ed will review to cash our assets with our pristine balance sheet.Now I am going to call over to JP.John Petersen Thank you. As Joe mentioned, we had another solid quarter operationally although market conditions continue to be challenging. Fundamentals do not change materially from the first quarter and can still have the upper hand in negotiating lease terms.One positive development during the quarter was that negative net absorption across our markets showed continued signs of improvement. In Northern Virginia, Maryland, Miami, Palm Beach and San Diego, all had positive absorption in the quarter, and several other markets saw the trend of increasing negative net absorption, begin to subside.What this means is, that most of our markets fundamentals may be at or near the bottom, if not showing slight improvement in certain markets. However, the leasing environment is not yet robust, and the risk is still there. Though without job growth, these slowing improving market dynamics could slide backwards. Blended market occupancy in our markets was unchanged from the first quarter, at 85%.Same-park occupancy in PSB's portfolio was 91.7% for the quarter. Occupancy growth occurred in eight of our fourteen markets as our teams were able to execute on our tactics of aggressive direct marketing, flexible lease terms and price discounting.We were able to grow occupancy in three of our markets with very difficult operating fundamentals; Phoenix, Orange County and Portland, Phoenix improved 270 basis points to 85.6%; Orange County up 240 basis points to 91.1%; and Portland grew by 170 basis points to 83.7%.Also contributing to occupancy growth was Dallas, of 80 basis points to 92.1%; Austin of 60 basis points to 85.3%; and Seattle up 130 basis points to 88.8%.In Northern Virginia and Maryland occupancy slipped by 70 and 130 basis points respectively. Combined, Washington Metro was 93.2% occupied in the quarter.Overall, the same-park rental rates fell by 15.9% over expiring rents in the quarter. Orange County rents declined by 23% as conditioned there remained challenging. Maryland rent fell by 13% due to one large deal coming of a longer-term lease. Phoenix continued to be difficult and rents there were up 25%. San Diego rents were down 18%. Northern Virginia rents slipped 5%. Austin rents were down 10% and Oregon rents up 11%. A make up of the 1.4 million square feet in leasing volume from 427 deals is basically unchanged from the first quarter, as small customers those under 5,000 square feet drove activity and accounted for 85% of lease production.Our team in Southern California was busy as always and executed 344, 000 square feet or 24% of the company's leasing volume. Florida, one of our most favored markets completed 324,000 square feet of deals. Combined Portland, Seattle and Northern California accounted for 280,000 square feet or 20% of leasing volume.Retention in the second quarter was 54%. Orange County retention was 66%; Northern California 69%; Dallas 79%; and Oregon 91%.One expiring lease of note is a 58,000 square foot office building at our Prosperity Business Park in Merrifield, Virginia. On July 31st, the single tenant's full building lease expired. We have made a strategic decision to bring this single user building in line with the rest of our portfolio and convert it into a multi-tenant building that will be LEED certified.As I have discussed many times before, the level of user activity is far more vibrant for smaller tenants and there are very few 58,000 square feet users active in that market. Our average customer size at Prosperity Business Park is currently 11,000 square feet. The building will be under construction into the fourth quarter, and we do not anticipate any material leasing of this project until 2011.In Miami last month, we completed construction of a new 75,000 square foot multi-tenant industrial building and finished redevelopment of an existing 60,000 square foot building. The new development is 33% leased and the 60,000 square foot redevelopment is 10% leased. Both buildings are targeted to our core small bay industrial user. Excluding the new development, our Miami portfolio was 96.4% leased in the second quarter.As we look forward to the remainder of 2010 and with most markets beginning to see some signs of stability, PSB is well positioned to continue outperform. Small deal activity remains relatively active. New spec construction is in check and the worse seems to be behind us.Though we have yet to see sustained job growth, companies continue their search for value and flexibility in their real estate decisions. Our business parks offer companies the ideal locations to ride out this period of uncertainty. When job growth does return, PSB has the ability to capitalize on their business expansion need as well.For the second half of 2010, we have approximately 1.9 million square feet expiring or 10% of the total portfolio and we will attack those expirations as aggressively as we always do.Now, I will turn the call over to Ed.Ed Stokx Thank you, JP. Reported FFO for the second quarter of 2010 was $0.96 per share Included in FFO for the second quarter are non-cash distributions of $2.4 million related to the redemption of preferred equity during the quarter. Excluding these non-cash distributions, FFO for the second quarter was $1.03 per share.Taking into account the company's 2009 common stock offering, pro forma FFO for the second quarter of 2009 was $0.99 per share, resulting in a comparative increase in FFO of 4%. The FFO increase is a result of NOI from recently acquired assets, offset by 0.4% decrease in same-park NOI, as well as $787,000 in G&A costs incurred in connection with the two assets acquired during the quarter.The decline in NOI was driven by a 1.3% reduction in revenue resulting from declining rental rates offset by a 3.3% reduction in operating expenses. Driving the expense reduction were savings in property taxes, and repairs and maintenance. The savings and property taxes of approximately $300,000 relate primarily to reductions in assessed values, while the repairs and maintenance savings are largely timing related.Also of note, during the second quarter, we received a $200,000 settlement from a former tenant that defaulted on their lease in 2009. FFO for the first six months of 2010 was $1.84 per share. Excluding the non-cash distributions, FFO per share was $1.92. Taking into account the company's 2009 common stock offering, and excluding the gain reported on the repurchase of preferred equity, pro forma FFO for the first half of 2009, was $1.98 per share, resulting in a comparative decrease in FFO of 3%.The decease in FFO, was driven by a 3.2% comparative decline and same park NOI and $1.9 million of G&A cost, incurred a connection with the $126.3 million of acquisitions completed through June 30th. The same park NOI decline and additional G&A cost were partially offset by a $2.5 million of NOI from acquired assets.Recurring capital expenditures for the three and six months ended June 30, 2010, were $6.4 million and $11.4 million respectively, compared to $6.2 million, and $11.1 million for the same periods in 2009.During the first half, of 2010, the company incurred approximately $6.3 million in non-recurring accountable costs, primarily related to the recently completed projects in Miami, that JP previously mentioned.PSB's strong balance sheet and focus on cash retention enabled the company to maintain exceptional FAD payout ratios, amidst challenging economic conditions. For the three months ended June 30, 2010 and 2009 the company's FAD payout ratio was 52.4% and 47% respectively.During the second quarter of 2010, we had write-offs of uncollectible balances of $315,000 compared to $277,000 in the same period of 2009. Write-offs remained at a very manageable level, approximating one half of 1% of revenues or less.In connection with the 58,000 square foot scheduled lease expiration and building repositioning that JP discussed, we likely incur between $4.5 million and $5 million of capital cost over the balance of 2010. The expired lease generated approximately $430,000 per quarter in revenue.During the second quarter, we completed the redemption of our 7.95% Series G and Series K preferred equity at par value of $74.1 million, reducing quarterly cash distribution by $1.5 million.Finally, we have renewed our $100 million credit facility for an additional two years. Interests on outstanding balances will be based on LIBOR plus 200 basis points. In addition we will pay an annual facility fee of 25 basis points.This credit facility annual free cash of $30 million to $40 million and our exceptional balance sheet position us well to take advantage of future acquisition opportunities.With that we will open the call for your questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi.David Simon - Citigroup Good morning, guys. This is David Simon here with Michael. About at year end, you guys were saving on about $200 million of cash. Now after all these acquisitions and preferred redemptions just wondering if you could walk through your sources and uses over the next 12 months.Obviously your liquidity is a little bit different now than it was at year end. So, do you plan on using that line or issuing more preferred?Ed Stokx Today we have utilized substantially all of the free cash that we had. We have today approximately as we speak about $16 million cash on hand. We do have the credit facility available to us, which we will certainly utilize if the opportunity presents itself.Then other sources of capital are certainly available but that will be driven largely by opportunities that we see out there on the acquisition front.David Simon - Citigroup Where could you see preferred today?Ed Stokx Probably indications are that we would be somewhere in the range of 7.625 to 7.75.David Simon - Citigroup Then for the acquisition you guys did in Northern Virginia, what was that going in stabilized yield?Joe Russell As typical, we don't peg specific yields to acquisitions whether initial or stabilized, but not doubt as I noted, the acquisition is less than 50% occupied and we'll over the next several quarters work diligently to improve that occupancy.With that I would tell the going in yield hovers in the mid-single digits and based on a trajectory where we can get the occupancy up to what I would say a PSB norm would be in that market, which is low to mid 90% range. We should do quite well on that return once it stabilizes.David Simon - Citigroup Then how long do you think it will take to stabilize those assets?Joe Russell Not sure. In all of our markets, the Washington D.C. market continues to provide us the best office leasing environment. As I mentioned, we know that market quite well. We've got a little bit of repositioning to do on that asset and again, our goal is to get it into that higher occupancy range as soon as possible.Operator Next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Market.Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Market Hi guys, its Craig Mailman here with Jordan. Just going back to the acquisition you guys gave on the per pound basis; all in, what type of discount or replacement do you guys think you were able to buy this asset there?Joe Russell Yes, Craig, that's again, a bit of a moving target as I think you are aware based on what I think we continue to try to make sense of which is we'd have cap rates and overall values adjusted to in this particular point of the cycle.The thing that we are highly confident of is it's substantially below replacement cost, whether you peg it to what the asset has traded at specifically in the past or you look at other comps, whether they are more in the near term or over an extended period of time.As I mentioned, we took down the asset for about $131 a square foot. We could, I think, put another say $10 to $15 to $20 a square foot depending on what kind of specific leasing we end up doing to fill up the buildings. Again, even if it [calcs] out ultimately in the $145 to $150 range or stabilize, its well below replacement cost. We are excited about the opportunity.As I mentioned, it's languished down for some period of time, not unlike what our investment thesis was for instance on Shady Grove, a recent acquisition we did in the first quarter of 2010.Again, our day in and day out focus for these kinds of assets is sliced and diced, fill them up with our tried and truths, our user profile customer, and our teams are exceptionally talented in at it. So that will all definitely create some good value out of this asset as well.Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Market It makes sense. I just had a look at the acquisitions you have done-to-date, is it just a coincidence that most of them had been in DC Metro, or is that where you are seeing, the most abundant, the deal flow out there.I guess and just maybe comment are we just hearing that, Northern Virginia, a lot of pricing competition on some of the assets. Is that just, you guys are not seeing that or some of the stuffs, you are being able to buy, because you are kind of going down, the quality spectrum of that?Joe Russell Well, I can't get it, I wouldn't call it a quality spectrum issue for some of this on the quality asset. We are very pleased with the quality and the level of quality that we're inheriting with this particular asset and the others that we acquired. It's just a great fit for, I would classify a D user, which is a customer who is not looking for [super trophy] finishes, they are looking for well-priced, well located, simple and efficient space.Again we can reform at these assets, to provide that all day long. It's a little bit of combination relatives to your question about it. It's a coincidence that we a bulk of these investments into the DC market. That is our biggest office market in the company statistically and the comfort we have in that market on the office front is the highest of all our markets when we talked about office products specifically.Then you couple that with the fact that as I mentioned we are not seeing the overzealous pricing that comes into play if we would be looking at a fully stabilized well-occupied project especially in that market.So we coupled the fact that it's got some lease up risk or repositioning risk and we are very comfortable on taking that down and very comfortable that we can figure out the variety of things that will stabilize the assets that we acquired right there in that DC market, which for the bulk of investments so far that we've made have been office in that market.The fourth acquisition was Flex in Austin and that plays into again an intentional investment meaning that we wouldn't be nearly as comfortable in office products for instance in Austin as we were with Flex. There is a variety of things that come into those decision metrics but again if you stack up from a priority standpoint how good we feel about the office environment in all of our markets, DC is right on the top of that list.Craig Mailman - KeyBanc Capital Market That's helpful. I guess just lastly tuning on the operation side. You guys are holding winning kind of product portfolio, least percentage steady and the same-store improved little bit this quarter.Maybe JP could you just balance kind of the state of your tenants mindset versus kind of where you guys are in the portfolio and at what point you guys might feel more comfortable being a little firm on rents? Going forward maybe moving down to the single digit on rent roll downs or kind of seeing that improve?John Petersen Sure, Craig. It's good question. The simple answer to that, its not market-by-market, its park-by-park or building-by-building. You're right, where we have either higher occupancy we try very hard to push back on the rental rate decline. If we have a space or a park that's struggling a bit, we've got to be more aggressive.So, really our teams in the fields are very adept at managing each deal as it comes through. Say we get a call for certain size requirement, they will move that call because of our park layout, they'll move it a space that meets their requirements and their pricing needs relative to ours.So we try and push back every deal that we can, but it really does come down to park-by-park, building-by-building, and space-by-space decision. We are over 90% in the park we try to push relative to where we can. The markets as I mentioned in my comments are still difficult for the most part, but where we can we're going push.Operator Next question comes from Suzanne Kim with Credit Suisse.Suzanne Kim - Credit Suisse I'm just looking at your second quarter numbers and you talked about it with the last caller. Just wondering how sustainable are these kinds of the rents pulling at. I mean, I looked at your second quarter same-store revenue and compared it to the first and sort of moderated it seems. How sustainable do you think is that going forward for the several quarters?Ed Stokx Suzanne, those moving pieces we did talk about the impact of the 58,000 square foot lease and as JP noted where we can we'll push rents and focus on minimizing the rent reduction and that will determine the ultimate stability of that.Suzanne Kim - Credit Suisse Do you think you can do more accretive with acquisitions at this point, because right now, we are seeing that the cash is spent but that there is no equity [spread of assets]?Joe Russell Yes, obviously the goal is to always do accretive acquisitions and the way as I've thought to we've made sense of deploying capital is looking at a collection of opportunities or assets that we've taken down that give us a lot of different alternatives to go out and ultimately make them quite accretive as we reposition them in the near-term.Then as we all get through this correction we are dealing with and the economy finally starts picking up, market occupancy will start improving and we get back to the point where we actually have more pricing power with rents. So it's not easy to go out and find the kinds of deals we are looking for.As I mentioned, we are combing markets diligently and so far we've had some good success with the collection we've taken down in 2010.So we hope to find more assets that are similar in individual configuration in opportunity, but it's still very difficult to predict because at the end of the day, there's not nearly as much inventory coming into the markets that you would peg to be either typical or that you might even expect with, I think that onerous level of debt or reworking a lot of assets we still need to go through.Suzanne Kim - Credit Suisse With regards to the uptick that you saw in occupancy, do you think you sort of sacrificed a little bit in terms of concessions or how did you gain that occupancy this past quarter?Joe Russell Well, it's the same metrics that we have talked to you for the several quarters, which is, a unique attributes to our kind of real estate, and our typical customer is, we are not having to go out and compete for occupancy with high levels of concessions, tighter capital. Its really more tied to pricing the space correctly and as JP talked about, producing flexible lease terms, which we have always been quiet comfortable with, they may be shorter lease terms, or you got an average wall on an annual basis, that is a little bit higher than, that others might to look to but we always, built the portfolio around those statistics. We know it well and we are going to continue to use those metrics in this environment.We have had some good success with the amount of quarterly leasing volumes, that we produced again in this last quarter of approximately 1.4 million square feet, and that's been made up of 400 plus transactions.So our teams are immersed in all of their markets, using a lot of tried and true PSB specific tactics to find new customers, or renewing existing tenants. So we are doing all of those things, and we had a good result tied to that.Suzanne Kim - Credit Suisse Have you seen the credit quality erode or improve in your tenants?Joe Russell Again, it is a tough economy. The thing that has been very different about this recession is it has really impacted almost every type of industry that is in our portfolio, which is really a broad-based representation of the economy at large. So we keep a very close eye on it.Ed continues to stay focused on the overall credit quality and individual credit quality of our tenant, and with that we have been able to really manage down the impact of either tenant defaults or bad debt expenses et cetera. So its again another day-to-day part of our make up operationally that was we're very focused on.Suzanne Kim - Credit Suisse Just one last question, in terms of our lease termination, do you see sort of trend in geography like since we localized few certain product or product types or is it geographic or is it just kind of all over?Ed Stokx The answer is it's kind of all over. I mean the trend we can tie to specific geography or market anything like that.Operator Question from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan I got a few random questions here, one, Ed on the taxes for the lower, I think it was a lower amount of by about $300,000 in the quarter. Is that a quarterly, is that a year-over-year comp that you are going to run into or is that kind of advertising payments we are going to see that every quarter?Ed Stokx That's a year-over-year comp but that is something because it's driven by lower set values we do expect to able to sustain that type of savings.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay. So on sequential basis you will see the improvement as well?Ed Stokx Yes.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay. The 58,000 square foot tenant lease termination that you were talking about, what was the exact timing of that, did that occur already?Joe Russell Yes, Mike, It was not a termination, it was just a national expiration.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Expiration, okay.Joe Russell JP that's expiredJohn Petersen Just few weeks ago or whatever.Joe Russell So that expired in the third quarterMichael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay, so in July. Okay, great. At last quarter on the call you talked about a financial it was going to be seized so maybe $195,000 quarter revenues that can potentially come out of the numbers. Did that happen and if so, when did that occur?Ed Stokx Yes, Mike, there was a 31,000 square foot tenant that we had talked about. They are still planning to vacate that space. That lease has been basically terminated through the FDIC process. They are still in the process of moving their stuff and figuring out where all their locations will be. We expect that they will be out likely by the end of the third quarter.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay, so right now you are receiving that income through the third quarter and then it would go away starting in the fourth?Ed Stokx Yes, you're correct. It's $195,000 per quarter.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay, great. Lastly going back to the capital raising question in just financing acquisitions; last summer, even before you've ended up seeing deals, you went out to the common equity markets and you raised capital in advance of that. Right now the cash balance is lower.How are you thinking about balancing capital raising versus acquisitions? Are you in the mindset where you want to raise the money and have it advance because you have a better feeling the deals will come or you're going to try to match fund it, maybe more so than you did last year?Joe Russell Yes, Mike it's a good question. You know, environmentally it was different this summer than it was a year ago when we did do what you characterized as an opportunistic equity raise. What we did not have at our disposal was an open preferred market. So with that we were seeing from a positioning standpoint the opportunity to be well capitalized that would put us in a better position to chase activity. That's being well suited for the $160 million or so that we deployed and then obviously the 74 million that we paid off on existing preferred. So, the environment today comparatively is different, meaning Ed's got more leverage at his disposal, the preferred market is open and the equity market is open as well.What we have is a higher degree of confidence in is that we are well positioned to tap into either one, but it's not with I think at this point, a limited window or one where you have to navigate a window, meaning both markets appear to be favorable to us and it will depend on where we are able to go out and acquire and at this point, we are going probably manage it to that.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan When you are thinking about managing the balance sheet and leverage, I mean, let's say hypothetically, another 100 or $200 million of acquisitions comes up that you like, I mean, how do you think about the right split between, how much preferred do you do before you feel comfortable to the point where you want to go back and do some common?Joe Russell Yeah, I mean, I can talk to Ed first. Ed, you can give some more color on it. There's a variety of decisions that come into that exact question that point by point or moment by moment, you'd look to and say, okay, what's the benefit of going one direction versus another.The other thing that is always a question mark too, is it has happened in the past where we've actually even taken down assets that even have existing debt that you can't pay off. So I mean there's another part of that whole equation that could come to bear depending on again the makeup of a particular asset or portfolio we might be looking at. Ed go ahead.Ed Stokx The other thing I would may be add Mike is, as you know our fixed charge coverage is well above three times, so we certainly have capacity, to bring on more preferred and keep very strong fixed charge coverage. So that is the only thing I would add, that is, there is plenty of capacity there.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay and our last question, Tyson's that was unencumbered, right?Joe Russell It was.Ed Stokx Yes.Operator Question comes from the line of Mark Lutenski with BMO Capital MarketsMark Lutenski - BMO Capital Markets I was wondering if you guys, how much did you spend on the Miami redevelopments that you delivered?Ed Stokx Well, we said today, that we have spent $6.3 million through the end of the second quarter.Mark Lutenski - BMO Capital Markets Okay. Is that sort of you do that any case by case basis or is that something that you guys are looking at doing more of?Joe Russell You know that was a unique opportunity for us, we had a basically an oversized land component to one of the two buildings that was redelivered to the markets and so the building that was existing, basically had to be gutted and reformatted to multi-tenancy and then as we did that, we were able to actually get re-entitled, to a new 75,000 square foot building, again because we had an unusual situation of an over standard parking area and that's not a typical part of our overall portfolio.So it was also a pretty time consuming process where it took us approximately two years to get those entitlements to build that new 75,000 square foot building. So we will always look at those kinds of re-positioning opportunities, but it is not a big part of our opportunity to reformat or rework our portfolio.Mark Lutenski - BMO Capital Markets Okay. What is the size of the deal pipeline right now for you guys?Joe Russell Again that's not a number or a target we talk to, all I can tell you is it's highly unpredictable. I would tell you it's also less vibrant than I think statistically you would think it would be. The amount again of reworking in stressed assets that are in markets that again lenders are giving a lot of continued leniency to not call loans or recapture real estate. So it's very unpredictable.Sometimes it's faster moving than you would think, there maybe an asset that we are able to engage or capture but then at the same time when that you think might trade that gets pulled by back up to market.So, statistically there is more trading and actual closing of acquisitions across our markets but it's still a very low number, compared to what a typical trading level would be on an annual basis.Mark Lutenski - BMO Capital Markets Have you guys bid on the property since Tysons Corner?Joe Russell Have we done what?Mark Lutenski - BMO Capital Markets Have you bid on a property?Joe Russell We are looking at lots of properties, so there is activity going on.Operator Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rodgers with RBC Capital Markets.Dave Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets Just a follow-up on the comments about acquisitions, I guess to beat the dead horse is, what do you think is going to be the bigger point for these lenders to start putting assets into the market or for the equity holders push them into the market given what you are seeing today, given the assets that have come to market already, what's driving those transactions and what's going to happen here going forward?Joe Russell That's Dave a tough thing to predict, I mean the lenders continue to have a lot of leniency and whether that's because banking regulators are not pushing the pressure on the banks specifically or they are choosing to postpone either capturing real estate or reworking loans. I think we all know what all those pressure points are.So, I don't know. The amount of stressed real estate out there is still high and there are good candidates for us to continue to chase. The hard thing that is difficult to predict is when the asset finally is fully available to trade and that's seems to be a target that keeps getting postponed, collectively anyway.Dave Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets All right, thank you for that. Maybe Ed, with respect to your comment on the R&M expenses that were getting pushed, what was the magnitude of that push back from maybe the first or second quarter into back half of the year, if you can give us directionally comments?Ed Stokx Directionally its in the $300,000 to $350,000 range.Dave Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets Per quarter or total?Ed Stokx In total.Dave Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets Okay. Thank you for that. Then JP in your comments, I didn't hear if you had said it, I apologize. The total rent spread declined for the quarter?John Petersen 15.9Dave Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets In that cash?John Petersen Yes.Dave Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets Okay, thank you for that. I guess the last question maybe for you build out cost, I know you do a lot of pre-built suite. With respect the cost either hard or soft costs around those build outs, I imagine it fairly economical still, but are you seeing any pressure one way or the other on those costs that make you want to do more like this LEED-certified built outs etcetera or maybe less going forward?John Petersen You asked a good question. We do a lot of building and we do make queries and that's the right thing to do for us from a marketing perspective. As our customers like to do whats is safe, they know it's ready to go and they can move in.Are we seeing pressure on pricing? I think construction costs are still in our favor. Contractors are very aggressive with labor. Materials, I couldn't say they are going one way or another right now, but we are still seeing contractors aggressively wanting our work. So that helps pricing.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Chris Lucas with Robert Baird.Chris Lucas - Robert W. Baird Joe or JP, can you maybe give us a sense as to what you think net effective rents are in the Tysons' submarket that you brought assets in?Joe Russell Yes, Chris, there is a bit of a spread there right now because hopefully, very temporary overhang from all that construction, I know you are living through that right now too, but we could probably see rents anywhere from the mid to high 20 range on a full service basis in this environment and with the quality of the assets and especially once we get them fully repositioned, we are hoping to doing better than that ones, the overall construction in that market tie to the Metro system is completed.The assets are really well located and again, may cater to our ideal customer size. So, once we get our team in there and really start working that market, we hope to certainly be able to deliver at those level of rents or better. Like I mentioned prosperity is our closest existing asset and we continue to get those levels of rents if not higher, and I think long term what we build in Tyson's is even a better submarket for us to price into those levels. So that is kind of a zone for now.Chris Lucas - Robert W. Baird What do you think expenses will run there? I guess I am just trying to get a sense as to what an incremental return will look like?John Petersen I would think it would hover around $10 or so. Again we will have to figure out, how to get it fully stabilized, but that is probably the right range.Chris Lucas - Robert W. Baird Okay, Then just kind of going through on the expense side, you talked about the property taxes and the repairs and maintenance. Was there any benefit year-over-year from a reduction in bad debt trends or any other sort of items there that to talk about?Ed Stokx Not significantly, Chris. As I noted the bad dept was $315,000 compared to $277,000 in the prior year, so pretty, pretty close to flat. The other thing that we did note is that we had in the revenue this quarter, we had $200,000 from our former tenant that had defaulted on the lease.Chris Lucas - Robert W. Baird Okay. So got to recapture there and what was the lease term fees for the quarter?Ed Stokx It was nominal. We did not disclose that number, but it was a fairly insignificant number, other than the $200,000 which we did disclose, the settlement.Chris Lucas - Robert W. Baird Okay, and then Joe, just going back to the acquisitions quickly, last two transactions you have done, have a fair amount of occupancy, opportunity to them. How much comfort do you have in continuing to do that versus the stabilized acquisitions that you done prior?Joe Russell Yeah, Chris. For us, guess what, at the end of the day, we are best suited to go out and reposition, and frankly just make a lot better return as we are able to improve occupancy reposition assets, get them into our day in and day out fold, relative to user type, with our own marketing team and property management technique et cetera, We love those kinds of opportunities.The thing that we are not suited to do and we can't make sense of is going out and being one dozen or two dozen bidders that our cap rate is going to get dramatically reset to the downside because of that kind of bidding activity for a highly stabilized trophy type asset. We can't figure out how to make money doing those kinds of things right now. What we really are comfortable with is taking that occupancy upside or risk we see it as upside and with that getting the benefit of the return once we get stabilized.Chris Lucas - Robert W. Baird So in the both of Tyson's and in the Rockville transactions were those both off-market or those fully marketed deals?Joe Russell The Shady Grove asset was an off-market deal. Again, that was done earlier this year. Tycon was marketed but it had a number of moving parts, it wasn't a simple acquisition because it did have a high degree of risk. I mean it's for a competing buyer that for instance might need to put leverage on that deal. I mean you are looking at an asset that's only 47% occupied and that's strips out a lot of bidders in a process.So as we always want to be, we are a cash buyer, we know the market dynamics quite well, we had a lot of credibility in the process, and I am pretty confident we weren't even a high bidder on the asset but we were the most logical buyer not only because of our particular balance sheet, but our reputation and again our track record in taking down those kinds of assets.Chris Lucas - Robert W. Baird Then lastly, is there any market bias that you have right now on the acquisition side, and is there any prospect for disposition in this environment?Joe Russell As far as bias, again because we've got lots of deep markets and our footprint is embedded in all the markets, just looking at how we are owning and managing our own real estate, we feel like we got lots of good opportunity than most of our markets to find opportunities. So, I mean, we have completely said, absolutely no in most of the markets.We're going to be certainly more careful in the markets that are providing and continue over time to give the most headaches if you want to call it that, but overall, we like most of our markets and feel like we got the ability to add to our concentrations in a lot of really good long-term markets. So, we're looking at a lot of places.The flipside of that is, just like you asked, where might we see some downsizing and that's not a [deep list]. We earlier this year sold an office asset down in Houston. We don't intend to grow our portfolio in that market, that could continue to go the other direction, but we'll see how that plays out over time and when we feel pricing might be appropriate. That recycling or downsizing is not going to be a big part our overall focus.Operator Next question is a follow up from the line of Michael Bilerman with CitiMichael Bilerman - Citigroup Good morning guys. Just on the dividend, which has been flat since mid '07, did the preferred redemptions affect, I guess its [pretty high] when you think about the common dividend.Ed Stokx Yeah, they certainly do impact what the potential common dividend would need to be if those are not replaced with other preferred dividends. The timing of any dividends will largely be determined based on our acquisition volume.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup So we should take that as being a likelihood given the fact the cash has run out, that you would probably come to the market to a, let's call it, a $100 million preferred, sooner rather than later. So that would keep the common flat and that would also give you the cash as you continue to ramp your acquisition activity?Joe Russell Well, I think, maybe Michael just set the stage from a strategic standpoint. As I think we've talked to you in the past, our premise has always been to be very focused on minimizing any dividend increases or retaining as much cash as we can. So things you are talking to certainly facilitate that. Ed, you can talk about timing, we are not looking at anything near-term in regard to being forced to make a dividend increase.Ed Stokx The another thing I would say Michael is, we are not going to issue preferred to avoid increasing our common dividend and sitting on the cash. So those decisions will be made independent of each other. The capital that we raise will be based on our needs from an acquisition standpoint.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Just going back to Mike Mueller's question, last year you did raise the capital in the equities markets prior to doing buybacks and doing acquisitions, and I can appreciate your comments that the markets are a little bit more open today, especially to do preferred you offered your comment, but you guys don't give guidance. So we are just trying to figure out, how we should think about numbers in the back-half of the year, whether there would capital raises, prior to doing any acquisition activity?Joe Russell Well, again that is a crystal ball question, and I couldn't answer it., I think the thing, that is different today than it was a year ago is, we feel the preferred and equity markets are for us more accommodating. Meaning that they are available and if we so choose, depending again on the size or level of activity of additional acquisitions, we get to a point saying, it is the right time to look at either options. That's what is going to predicate it.So it is difficult just to say, we are going to do it for other reasons right now. So even prior to the equity assurance, we did a year ago, I mean it is always a moving target, there is been a lot of things that is go in to the mix relatives, actually pulling that trigger, and again, it's a big crystal ball question, but the thing that, as I already talked to, in [prior mentally], both the avenues are clearly open.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup When you think about the back half of the year, if you did no acquisitions, and you didn't raise any preferred, so everything stays stagnant, would the dividend need to be increased or not ?Ed Stokx If the dividend would not need to be increased this year and probably into next year, but may be sometime shortly after that, it would likely need to be increased.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Just to think about goal posts in terms of, Ed you mentioned fixed charge, which in history of the company it's been north of four, it's been above and high twos. Today pro forma you are probably 3.5, 3.75. So where should we think about comfort level to where you would take that down to before having to raise more common equity?Ed Stokx Well, just like we said Michael, it will range and the great news, those are great numbers.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Yes.Ed Stokx We continue to have a very strong balance sheet and we are not seeing any stress that is making us do anything unusual or different than what we consistently go out and seek to do which is to keep our balance sheet in great shape and they are just as you said goal posts meaning that it's wide range quarter-to-quarter or even year-to- year that there is going to be a variety there, depending on the way us managing those metrics. We are in a really good [health]. So again the decision is going to give us a fair amount of flexibility to look at of variety of alternatives.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup All right. Then it sounds like you have room to move from this point to effectively lever back up a little bit?Ed Stokx Yes, just like the last event from a capital structure standpoint meaning the equity issuance has really helped and gave a lot of additional buffer to that fixed charge ratio and then the buybacks are preferred. It was a very simple decision for us to make because we didn't have any pressure to do anything unusual there either.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Then the last one just on the deal pipeline, I know you said this is highly unpredictable, less vibrant and lot of another analogies. Is there anything under contract or letter or intent today?Ed Stokx Well, again, we've always waited to the point of getting a deal done to answer those kinds of questions. I'll just tell you that it's still a very difficult environment to predict an actual close. Sellers continue to be highly resistant, skeptical about letting go of the assets at price points that for most part they still don't like. More often not, they are taking some kind of value hit and some time that's quite substantial. So with that there is a lot of unusual behavior those are entirely unpredictable. So, we never given those kinds of numbers out, what the internal metrics might be deal by deal that we are working on. That again characterizes it as a tough market to predict. On the flip side we've really pleased with what have done thus so far this year.Operator Our next question is a follow up from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Market.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Market Hi, guys, just a few quick follow ups. Ed, the transaction cost in Northern Virginia, are those similar to Maryland or they are going to be little bit less?Ed Stokx The transaction cost in Northern Virginia, you're referring to?Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Market [Acquisitions]Ed Stokx On the 58,000 square footJoe Russell On the acquisition, you are talking about the acquisition?Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Market Yes, the TyconJoe Russell For the closing costEd Stokx I'm sorry, sorry; I didn't understand your question. Are you asking if they are similar?Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Market Maryland, low [22%], are they going to be that high or are they going to be a little bit lower?Ed Stokx They will probably be a little bit lower just because we don't have the level of transfer taxes that we have in Maryland.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Market Okay. Then just on the 430,000 for the move-out, is that rent or is that kind of the FFO drag.Ed Stokx That is the rent that they are paying quarterly.Operator At this time there are no further questions. Mr. Stokx, do you have any additional remarks?Ed Stokx Okay. Thank you Kathy and thank you everyone for joining us and we will look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a good day.Operator This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives Ed Stokx  CFOJoe Russell  President and CEOJohn Petersen  COOAnalysts Chris Lucas  Robert W. BairdMichael Mueller  JPMorganJordan Sadler  KeyBanc CapitalJosh Attie  CitibankEd Stokx Good morning and thank you for joining us for the first quarter 2010 PS Business Parks investor conference call. I am Ed Stokx, CFO of the company, and with me are Joe Russell, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Petersen, Chief Operating Officer.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements.All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks forward-looking statements, please refer to the reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K.We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release, which can be found on our website at www.psbusinessparks.com.Now, I will turn the call over to Joe.Joe Russell Thanks Ed. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I would first like to give you an overview of our first quarter performance and then go into some detail on PSBs recent acquisition activity. JP and Ed will provide more commentary on specific operational and financial metrics.This quarter, not unlike the last several was impacted by continued challenging market conditions. We are however finding our fair share of leasing opportunities as we deploy a consistent strategy. Fundamentally, we have focused on driving leasing volume through discounting and low capital investment to keep our parks well occupied. This strategy has continued to benefit us as we saw a slight uptick in sequential occupancy with nominal capital expenditures and good leasing volume.As we have discussed over the last several quarters, our customers wants simple, well-priced space to solve both functional and financial requirements as they adjust to the onerous impact of todays challenging economy. We have seen little evidence that overall markets have corrected. Although I would say we have more confident that in most cases, markets seem to have bottomed. We are waiting for the positive impacts from job growth to turn market conditions upward, which has unfortunately been far too long and coming. Until then, we will stay focused on capturing customers that are either downsizing or looking for value real estate decisions.The unique characteristics of our smaller user portfolio have performed well and keeping that portfolio occupancy above 90% will improve our position when the economy begins to grow.Now, I would like to turn to PSBs recent acquisition activity. In March, we announced our first acquisition in approximately 2.5 years, the Shady Grove Executive Center. We acquired the well-located 350,000 square foot multitenant office park in Rockville, Maryland, for $171 per square foot. This asset is an example of a type of deal we like best. It has underperformed this submarket for sometime and is in need of repositioning with nearly 89,000 square feet of vacancy, the majority in shell condition.The prior owner launched a multitenant strategy having lost a major tenant and we intend to continue that process with our own set of tested repositioning, leasing, and property management techniques. Prior to this acquisition, PSB owned approximately 1 million square feet in this submarket where we currently have 96% occupancy. The addition of Shady Grove to this submarket will enhance PSBs ability to cater to existing and new customers and the market that has historically been successful for us.Two weeks ago, we announced the addition of approximately 700,000 square feet of flex assets in Austin, Texas. The rationale to expand our footprint in Austin is multidimensional. First, PSB has been in Austin for over a decade with similar flex product. In fact, many of the assets acquired are adjacent to or in close proximity to PSBs existing flex parts and we have competed against them a number of times.Second, by nearly doubling PSBs portfolio here, we now own approximately 1.5 million square feet and will enjoy stronger economies of scale and again a far better options to offer our customers.Third, a purchase price of $61 per square foot is well below replacement cost and will better position us to meet near-term and long-term market conditions, while generating good returns. PSB now owns nine business parks in Austin and we look forward to catering to a wide array of customers that are committed to growing their businesses in this desirable environment.As was the case in the two recent acquisitions, we continue to be a highly qualified buyer with a pristine balance sheet and an ability to close deals efficiently. We are seeing a slightly larger population of opportunities as some sellers have come to the realization, the evaluations have stabilized, if not improved balanced by the reality that overall leasing rates remains stubbornly slow to improve.Cap rates may have begun to tick downwards, but market conditions weigh heavily on underwriting assumptions. However, with a deep understanding of the markets where we own assets, we can often see through some of the near-term challenges that others may not. We are often viewed to be standout without todays restrains and both imposed by lending conditions and we hope to see more opportunities into the market in the coming quarters.Now, I will turn the call over to JP.John Petersen Thanks Joe. As we continue to see hints of an economy that is at or near the bottom, market conditions remain highly favorable to users in most markets and job growth is not yet playing a significant part in this recovery. While leasing conditions continue to be difficult and deal economics favor tenants, there is more user activity and interesting doing deals which could be a sign that we have reached the bottom.New supply is also near historic lows, especially for multitenant flex, office, and industrial product. Still across most of our markets, vacancy continue to arise, rental rates continue to fall, although at a slower pace than last year.Net absorption shows some improvement as Miami, Northern Virginia, Austin and Dallas had positive net absorption in the first quarter. In Q4 of 2009, only one of our markets Northern Virginia had positive absorption. Blended market occupancy in our markets was 85% in the quarter. Based on these current market dynamics, growing occupancy while minimizing transaction cost and rent reductions will be challenging for sometime to come and hopefully the worst is behind us.There were several things that helped grow same-park sequential occupancy in the quarter by 20 basis points to 91.4%. We are able to provide customers value, a high-level of service, stable ownership and flexible lease terms. Northern California grew occupancy by 340 basis points to 88.9% due to several small deals across the portfolio, plus more than 10,000 square foot new lease in Santa Clara.Also showing solid occupancy growth was Seattle of 170 basis points to 87.5%. Miami increased by 60 basis points to 96.1%. Maryland by 50 basis points to 93.6%, and Los Angeles grew by 30 basis points to 94.4%. In Austin, we had one 28,000 square foot customer outgrow our portfolio, which dropped the occupancy to 84.7%.Orange County fell 160 basis points to 88.7% and Palm Beach fell 140 basis points to 88.4%, as both markets continued to show few signs of recovery.Overall, same-park rental rates fell by 14.9% over expiring rents in the quarter. Orange County rents declined by 21%, largely due to 126,000 square foot office lease we were fortuned to sign in a very competitive leasing environment.San Diego rents were up 19% and Dallas rents dropped 17%. Other market rent declines were in the 10% to 15% range. Leasing volume in the first quarter was 1.4 million square feet with an average lease term of three years. As always, small customers, those under 5,000 square feet drove activity and accounted for 361 deals or 83% of total lease production.Our team in Florida executed 376,000 square feet or 27% of the companys leasing volume. In Southern California, which remains a difficult operating environment, our team was able to complete 326,000 square feet in one of our more stable markets, Washington Metro, at least 217,000 square feet or 16% of the total volume. Another solid metric in the first quarter was retention of 61%. Northern Virginia led the way at 78%, Austin was 70%, Miami 67%, and Los Angeles 63%.With an operating environment still challenging for landlords and deal economics favoring users, we continue to outperform in each of our markets. The opportunity we have in the economy and real estate markets continue to recover if you capture more than our share of the relative vibrant, small user community, and begin to turn the tide in their favor, especially in parks where occupancy is over 90%.Remaining in 2010, we have approximately 3.1 million square feet expiring or 17% of the portfolio. As I have said before, these expirations represent a typical rollover schedule for us and we will aggressively manage these expirations to our benefit as the economy improves.And finally, we are still sourcing new customers looking for the unique combination of value, service, and flexibility PSB can provide.Now, I will turn the call over to Ed.Ed Stokx Thank you, JP. FFO for the first quarter of 2010 was $0.89 per share compared to $2.40 per share for the first quarter of 2009. FFO in the first quarter of 2009 included the gain related to preferred equity redemptions. Excluding the gain, FFO in the first quarter of 2009 was $1.13 per share.Giving effect to the companys August 2009 common stock offering, the pro forma FFO for the first quarter of 2009 was $0.99 per share, resulting in a comparative decrease in FFO of 10%. The decrease is attributed to a decline in same-park NOI of 5.9% as well as an increase in G&A costs.Contributing to the decline in NOI was a 3.4% reduction in revenue driven by reductions in rental rates as well as a 1.9% increase in operating costs. During the first quarter of 2010, the company incurred $1.1 million in snow removal costs compared to $460,000 in the first quarter of 2009. Included in G&A cost for the quarter is $1.1 million of transaction costs related to the acquisition of Shady Grove Executive Center. These costs which in this case included certain transfer taxes are required to be expensed when incurred and will vary in magnitude from transaction to transaction.Recurring capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2010 were $5 million compared to $4.9 million for the same period in 2009. While the amounts were comparable on a quarter-to-quarter basis, they will vary based on the extent of capital projects and leasing activity.During the first quarter, the company incurred approximately $2.1 million in nonrecurring capital costs. Most of which relate to the companys ongoing development of a 75,000 square foot industrial building in Miami as well to redevelopment of the adjacent 60,000 square foot flex building.These projects remain on schedule and should be complete in the early part of the third quarter. PSBs strong balance sheet and focus on cash retention have enabled the company to maintain exceptional FAD payout ratios amidst very challenging economic conditions.For the three months ended March 31st, 2010 and 2009, the companys FAD payout ratio was 59.5% and 45.2% respectively. While the ratio has increased in part due to the nature of the operating environment as well as the companys common stock offering in 2009, these ratios demonstrate the strengths of PSBs capital structure.As I have stated on past calls, a number of our customers are working hard to sustain their businesses. In certain cases, they have been unable to do such. During the first quarter of 2010, we had write-offs of $419,000 compared to $290,000 in the same period of 2009.The increase resulted from the early 2010 failure of a 20,000 square foot customer in Virginia. We have subsequently released all of this space with commencement having occurred early in the second quarter. Overall, write-offs remain at a very manageable level, diligent upfront credit underwriting and close monitoring of our customers financial stability has enabled us to keep write-offs of an uncollectible balances at levels approximating one half of 1% or less.One situation of note, we have a 31,000 square foot office, a flex lease in Los Angeles County with a financial institution that has been seized by the FDIC. We have recently been informed that this lease which was used for back-office support and training, will likely be terminated by the end of the second quarter.As a result of their intent to terminate this lease, during the first quarter, we reserved the balance of deferred rent receivables associated with this lease of $488,000. Until this space is released, this pending vacancy will impact revenue by approximately $195,000 per quarter.Finally, as we announced yesterday, we intent to redeem the aggregate 74.1 million outstanding of our 7.95% Series G and Series K preferred equity. The redemptions will be funded with cash on hand and will result in a reduction in our annual distributions of 5.9 million, increasing quarterly FFO by $0.04 per share.In connection with the redemption, the company will report a noncash charge of $2.4 million related to the write-off of the original issuance costs in the second quarter. With approximately a $133 million of cash on hand today, a history of retaining annual free cash of $30 million to $40 million, combined with an untapped $100 million credit facility, the company is exceptionally well positioned to take advantage of this redemption opportunity, while maintaining the liquidity necessary to take advantage of future acquisition opportunities.With that, we will open the call for your questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Chris Lucas.Ed Stokx Hi Chris.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Yes, hi. Can you hear me?Ed Stokx Yes, we can.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Okay, great. Can you guys just comment a little bit maybe on what you are seeing in the diversity of your tenant base in terms of the strength of their business and demand and more broadly whether or not you are seeing in the breadth of your markets any pickup from small tenant interest at this point in the cycle?Joe Russell I will start, and JP you can add any color to it. Chris, the thing that we again saw in Q1 is the high percentage of deal activity continues to come from what we label small users, 5,000 square feet and less. And thats certainly been consistent through the economy and there is a wide array of conditions that lead them to us whether its a renewal situation or a new lease taking place. A combination of some companies that are rightsizing their business and it now makes sense for them to come into our park, where they may have been in a bigger space. And obviously for cost reasons, headcount reductions, et cetera, its making a lot more sense to right size their business into one of our parks, so we are really trying to capture as much of that activity as possible and thats certainly been consistent all of 2009 and even through the first quarter.The tour volume that we are seeing is pretty healthy, meaning it continues to be a good driver for us and with again the ability to do 1.4 million square feet of leased transactions and 360 plus deals; there is a pretty good level of activity there. And I wouldnt say its materially different through the first quarter, but the good news is that hasnt tapered off, and I think thats giving us some validity to a premise that we think that markets may certainly have bottomed, we are hoping. And as the economy starts recovering and more businesses either start hiring or have need for expansion space, we are going to tap into that too.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Okay. Anything to add on that, JP or ?John Petersen No, I mean, I would just repeat what  echo what Joe said, Chris. I do think we are seeing some just to cover a couple of markets real quick. I think we are seeing some stability on a relative basis in the DC area. As you probably know also in Texas and I would say in Miami, that would be or I would say we are seeing the most stability in this turbulent economy. So thats a quick market snapshot.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Okay. On the acquisition side, can you give us a little more color on the San Antonio acquisition in terms of the product and what the tenancys like, just some color on it?Joe Russell Sure. Yes, Chris, its Austin, not at San Antonia.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Okay.Joe Russell And Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Thats a good start for me.Joe Russell Yes. So as I noted, we have been in that market for quite sometime north of a decade. And the thing that made sense for us as we pursue this opportunity is its a 13-building portfolio, average tenant size today is about 17,000 square feet. But because of the design of the buildings and their individual configuration we have a lot of ability to even take that average down as we see fit.The thing that we like about that portfolio is it definitely it expands our footprint in that market and if you sought on an aerial basis, it really magnifies our ability to have better concentrations of assets. Now we have nine parts there. And the portfolio today is about 88% occupied, which is slightly better than the market. And what our goal to do in that portfolio is to keep it well leased, magnify the economies of scale, have far greater opportunities to cater to existing and growing customers not only in that portfolio but our own.Again, we feel good about that particular market, because Austin has in our view a number of good long-term drivers not only because its a state capital, its got a great university system, there is a good tad community there. And then beyond those tiers, its just  its a very desirable place to live. And we feel at a $61 per square foot entry point, we have got lot of good flexibility to commence some good returns on that that portfolio, especially combined with the one that we have already got there.So we have got it about 35 tenants in the portfolio that we have acquired a good array of industry types, its not over weighted by one or another, and its a good proxy for really our tried and true type. So it was a really good fit and we are excited about having a bigger presence in that particular market.Operator Thank you. Your next question is from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Hi. A couple of questions. Number one, Ed, the acquisition fee thats going to be booked in the second quarter related to Austin, how big is that?Ed Stokx Well, Mike, as I said in my prepared comments, the cost will vary from transaction to transaction depending on whether or not we have transfer tax, whether or not we have loan assumption fees, et cetera. But generally I think its probably safe to assume that they will range somewhere in the 0.5%-1.0% to maybe a little bit more than that, absent transfer taxes or significant loan assumption fees, which this deal does not have.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay so this one may be a rule of thumb the 50 BP. Okay. And then one last question on the numbers. Can you just walk through one more time the one-time items that were  that you would consider to be one- time that were booked in Q2? I know you had excess snow removal. It sounds like you had a rent write-off that may have been in there. Can you just run through those to make sure?Ed Stokx Certainly. Basically the one issue that we had, Mike, was the write-off of the deferred rent receivable related to the financial institution. That was $488,000. The other two things I noted in my prepared comments were snow costs at $1.1 million was higher than it has been in comparable quarters, and then our write-offs were up slightly at $417,000.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan And those are in the operating expense line items, those two write-offs?Ed Stokx Yes.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay. Great. Thank you.Operator Your next question is from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital.Craig Mailman Hi its Craig Mailman here for Jordan. Ed, on the snow removal costs, are you going to be able to recover any of that later in the year or has everything been recovered that potentially could be?Ed Stokx We will certainly recover that. I think Craig, if you look at our historical financials, generally anywhere from 60 to 65% of our operating costs are recovered. So that may vary from market to market, but I think thats generally a good estimate based on historical trends.Craig Mailman And was most of that booked in the quarter or do you guys true it up towards the end of the year?Ed Stokx We do a true up at the end of the year but we certainly accrue based on trends during the quarter.Craig Mailman Then just moving to the acquisitions, I think we tried to back into a cap rate on the Shady Grove and we were kind of coming out around the 9.5% range. Is that in the ballpark and maybe what could that stabilize to once you guys reposition that and lease it up?Joe Russell Craig, as you know, we dont talk just specific cap rate expectations. The thing is it is going to weigh on the front end of that deals. I mentioned we have got about 74%-75% current occupancy. So there is about 89,000 square feet of vacancy in that part that will take us a bit of time to get leased up. And once we get to that point, I think we are going to be in a range you noted. But it has got some time (inaudible) to get us to a level of stabilization. Once it is stabilized, it should be in that high-single digit at hopefully better return rate.Craig Mailman And we could probably assume that the Austin would be in similar underwriting expectations for you guys in terms of returns?Joe Russell No. The stabilized return is going to be pretty close, but upfront, its going to be stronger because its not as weighted down by some current vacancy. So, as I mentioned, we purchased that at 88% occupied. So, we dont have quite as much lease substitute to get that return into a better level. So, its closer to the numbers you talked to, higher single digits at the initiation of the acquisition. So, it doesnt have as much ramp up tied to it.Craig Mailman And then maybe if you can just give a little color on what might be in the pipeline or what the deal flow might look like for you guys and kind of position that relative to the decision to redeem the preferred. Is that just in the near term you feel that you can get a better return on the redemptions versus what youre seeing in the timeframe of closing or you are just  you have enough capital to do both in your minds?Joe Russell Yeah I think, there is a combination of things that led us to that decision, so, which include  there is a slightly better level of activity that we are seeing coming into the markets relative to opportunities. So, you have that component. So, that has not gone away. If anything, maybe its slightly better than it has been over the last few quarters. But balanced with that, as Ed noted, we still got high degree of flexibility with our balance sheet. We think we can tap into the preferred market, if need be, beyond even our current cash, and reserve tied to our Letter of Credit  line of credit. And then the other thing, it will just depend on how vibrant the pipeline becomes over the near-term here, what direction we ultimately take. But we still feel very confident. Weve got plenty of cash to pursue some opportunities. And as that decreases with some success on the deal front, we think that whats different in 2010 is we do have some good opportunity to bolster up the balance sheet if we need to. The preferred market has been opened up. And the 7.95 series that we are redeeming, if we went out and issue today, well certainly be below that. At what point, we dont know exactly. But we are pretty confident weve got some opportunity to improve that yield if we need to go out and issue. But we dont have any need to go to that today. So well see what that plays out to.Operator Thank you, your next question is a follow-up from Chris Lucas with Robert W. Baird.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird My question has just been answered. Thank you.Joe Russell Okay. Chris.Operator At this time, there are no further questions. I am sorry. We do have a question. A follow-up from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc.Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Hi guys, just one real quick one. Going back to the acquisitions, if you had your choice, what market would you guys like to add today in terms of just given inventory or maybe economy of scale opportunities like youd in Austin?Joe Russell Thats a good question Craig, and its a hard one to predict. I mean the benefit of what we have being in the multiple markets that we are in is we can look far and wide and make sense of a lot of things that give us many elements of advantages, whether we already have the scale or is there scale building opportunity. But we are combing all the markets that we own assets in. And again, it will depend on the particulars of any particular situation. And depending on what re-position opportunities are available or value add creation that we can put into an acquisition, we are going to look at that fundamentally as well as replacement costs et cetera. And then, later on top of that, any other advantages we get. So, theres a good range of opportunity that we continue to source deals out of.Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Great. Thank you.Operator Your next question is from Michael Bilerman with Citi.Josh Attie  Citibank Thanks. Its Josh Attie here with Michael.Josh Attie  Citibank Hi, it looks like Shady Grove  it was more of a traditional suburban office product, higher price per square foot than some of whats in your existing portfolio. When you look at whats in the pipeline and you think about where you want to be strategically, is it  do you see yourself doing more deals like that?Joe Russell Well again, its the same premise that I just talked to. We obviously have three product types in our portfolio; office, industrial, flex, with  can be (inaudible) multi-tenant bias to each of those products. And, again deals are deals, it will just vary whether it ends up having the office, industrial or flex. We are not able to specifically control our destiny and say we have to do a  we are only going to do a  for instance an industrial deal next or an office deal next. We are going to do the reverse, which is see what we can find in our variety of markets, and knowing that we are very comfortable on all three product types, all three works quite well under our operational umbrella, and weve been successful running all three. We are going to look at all three continually. So, as I mentioned, the thing that we really like best, especially when we got opportunities to get in and rework assets that may have been substandard performing or havent again done well in the recent past. We were pretty confident we can get in and probably rework some of those kinds of opportunities and we are seeing a bit of that, and we are encouraged by that.Josh Attie  Citibank Okay. Thank you.Operator There are no further questions at this time.Joe Russell Okay. Thank you everyone for your interest, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives Bill Bayless- Chief Executive Officer Brian Nickel- Chief Information OfficerJonathan Graf- Chief Financial Officer Greg Dowell- Chief Operating Officer James Hopke- Executive Vice President Project ManagementGina Cowart- Vice President of Investor RelationsAnalysts David Doty- CitigroupJoe Dazio- J.P. MorganKarin Ford- Keybanc Capital MarketsAndy McCullough- Green Street AdvisorsPaula Poskon- Robert W. BairdOperator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2009 American Campus Communities Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lacey and Ill be your coordinator for today.(Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call Miss Gina Cowart, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.Gina Cowart Thank you Lacey. Good morning and thank you for joining the American Campus Communities First Quarter 2009 Conference Call. The press release is furnished in Form 8K provide access to the widest possible audience. In the release the company has reconciled the non-GAAP financial measures to those directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with Reg. G requirements. If you do not have a copy of the release it is available on the companys website at www.studenthousing.com in the Investor Relations section under Press Releases.Also posted on the company website in the Investor Relations sections under Supplemental Information you will find a supplemental financial package. Additionally we are hosting a live webcast for todays call, which you can access on the website with replay available for one month.Our supplemental analyst package and our webcast presentation are one in the same. Webcast slides may be advanced by you to facilitate following along. Management will be making forward-looking statements today; the references to the disclosure in the press release on the website with the slides as well as SEC filings. Management would like to inform you that certain statements made during this conference call which are not historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Although the company believes the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statement are based on reasonable assumptions they are subject to economic risk and uncertainties. The company can provide no assurance that its expectations will be achieved and actual results may vary.Factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations are detailed in a press release and from time to time in the companys periodic filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to advise or update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release.Now Id like to introduce the members of management with us today; Bill Bayless, Chief Executive Officer, Brian Nickel, Chief Investment Officer and John Graf, Chief Financial Officer. We also have Greg Dowell, Chief Operating Officer and Jim Hopke, Executive Vice President Project Management with us today. Now Ill turn the call over to Mr. Bayless for his opening remarks.Bill Bayless Thanks Gina. Good morning and thank you all for joining us as we review our results for the First Quarter of 2009. As we talked about on our Q4 call our two main objectives for 2009 are to continue to achieve net asset value appreciation in our core business especially through the improved performance of the GMH portfolio and to make ACE our top investment priority given the lower risk, higher yield profile of these transactions. As you can see from our press release and supplemental weve made excellent progress on both of these objectives.While these two initiatives focus on future value creation were also pleased to report that the first quarter results met our internal expectations. We continue to see our industry as being more resilient than many real estate sectors in the current economic environment.If you turn to Page Five of the supplemental package youll see that our first quarter NOI for our same store property grouping increased by 2.1% over Q1 of 2008. This was the result of a 2.9% increase in revenue and a 3.9% increase in operating expenses. On Page Six of the supplemental you will note that we have included a quarterly seasonality breakdown of revenue, expenses and NOI for each of the last two calendar years for the respective same store property groupings. The purpose of this chart is to assist investors and analysts in understanding the quarterly seasonality of NOI over a calendar year.While the operating margins and trends illustrated in this analysis should be indicative of the operating performance of our legacy assets it is important to note that the GMH properties will operate at a higher expense margin until the occupancy levels at those assets are stabilized.If youll now turn to Page Eight of the supplemental you can see occupancy at our same story wholly owned ACC legacy properties as of March 31st was 96.4% compared to 95.5% for the same date prior year. As of March 31st the GMH portfolio had occupancy of 89.1%. Occupancy for our combined wholly owned portfolio of legacy and GMH assets was 92.9%.If you turn to Page Nine wed now like to review the leasing status for the upcoming 2009-2010 academic year. As of Friday, April 24th our combined GMH and ACC legacy same store wholly owned portfolio was 76.3% applied for and 72.9% leased. This compares to 74.7% applied for and 71.9% leased for the approximate date one year ago. The GMH portfolio was 73.5% applied for and 71.5% leased compared to 62.8% applied for and leased for the approximate date one year ago.We are currently projecting a final rental rate increase of 0.7% for the GMH portfolio based on current market pricing trends with substantial revenue growth expected to come in the form of increased occupancy. The same store ACC legacy portfolio was 80.1% applied for and 75.2% leased compared to 87.6% applied for and 82% leased one year ago. We are projecting a final rental rate increase of approximately 1.6% based on current individual market pricing trends.While its not our standard practice to provide rental rate growth information on a per property basis given the current economic environment we believe its prudent to include this information to demonstrate the overall resiliency of the student housing sector in our portfolio.As youll note, 32 of our 39 ACC legacy assets are projected to have rental rate growth ranging from just above flat to 4.7% with an average of 3%. Were currently projecting only seven of our legacy assets to have negative rental rate growth with two of those seven assets having a strong possibility for revenue growth via occupancy improvement. As of April 24th only 6 of our 39 legacy assets were behind their multi-year leasing velocity trend.When looking at the GMH portfolio 27 of the 40 properties have rental rate increases ranging from 0.4% to 5% with an average of 2.5%. While were currently projecting 13 of 40 to have negative rental rate growth 8 of the 13 properties have a strong probability for substantial revenue growth via meaningful occupancy improvement.Our second ACE development, the Barrett Honors College at ASU is 81.6% pre-leased with current and incoming Barrett Honors College students. Remaining beds will now be made available to first time freshman who are required to live on campus as part of the universitys new housing policy, which goes into effect this fall. With that, Id now like to turn it over to Brian to discuss our investment activities.Brian Nickel During the first quarter of 2009 we were pleased to announce that American Campus was selected for three new ACE transactions through competitive procurement processes. We are very pleased about each of these rewards as they demonstrate increasing interest from universities in our ACE program. Although each transaction is in the early stages of predevelopment we want to go through some of the specifics in order to assist investors with understanding the growth potential of ACE and our expected timing for construction and delivery of these additional projects.In February, ACC was selected as the preferred development partner for a large-scale development on the campus of the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque. At the state flagship institution UNM has recently experienced significant growth with enrollment now over 26,000. Their administration is addressing its currently noncompetitive to competitive housing options as a top priority. Likewise, limited debt capacity and tightening state budgets caused the university to look to the private sector as a delivery option.Phase One of this transaction will be targeted to a combination of freshman as well as upper class students and will contain approximately 1300 beds with a significant portion of these beds replacing older product being taken offline and demolished. At this time the anticipated delivery date is for Fall 2011.ACC is currently in the process of refining conceptual design and negotiating the transaction with the university. Pending a successful first phase the award also contains development rights on additional phases containing 1600 beds bringing the total potential development on the campus to 2900 beds. Also this quarter ACC was selected by Portland State University to begin negotiation on a potential ACE relationship. Portland State is currently the largest higher education institution in the state of Oregon with enrollment of over 25,000 students. Over the last decade the university made the transition from a commuter campus to a residential campus. The universitys goal is to provide housing for 15% of its student body in on-campus housing. Last fall, the university made the decision to turn to the private sector as a delivery method for the next phase of housing, which is slated to contain between 600 and 1000 beds. This mixed use development will most likely be targeted to upper class students and will contain amenities such as university office space, academic space and student oriented retail. The targeted delivery date is currently Fall 2012 as the project is subject to an extensive predevelopment design and entitlement process.ACC was also selected as the preferred development partner by Arizona State University on their West campus. ASU West is one of Arizona States four Phoenix area campuses with enrollment of over 9000 students. Already experiencing significant growth West has grown enrollment by 44% since 2002 and is expected to increase enrollment to over 15,000 by 2020.ACC was selected through a qualifications process and we are currently working through the feasibility and master planning with the housing committee. A definitive schedule has not been developed at this time.We are also continuing to make progress at Washington State University and expect to be in a position to give additional clarity on the timing and size of this development on our next call.Our Boise State University project is currently scheduled for submittal to the Idaho Board of Education next month. The first phase of development is scheduled to be delivered over two academic cycles with Phase 1A containing approximately 860 beds for Fall 2011 and Phase 1B containing an additional approximately 150 beds targeted for Fall 2012.As you can see from the activity this quarter the interest in ACE continues to grow with ACC now having been selected by six universities with the potential to develop as many as 10,000 additional beds beyond ASU. Given the status of state budget crises and continued interest in private sector delivery we believe that weve only scratched the surface on the potential of ACE.Turning to our third party business segment we have seen significant growth in third party management revenues. On the third party development front existing projects under construction remain on time and on budget but our ability to commence construction and start recognizing fee income on Cleveland State, the College of Staten Island and the Edinburgh University projects are being impacted by financing delays and the taxes in bond markets.We remain optimistic on our ability to ultimately deliver these projects as we are starting to see financing activity in this sector for the first time in several quarters.This quarter we also announced the purchase of a 24-acre parcel of land directly adjacent to the University of Texas at San Antonio offering pedestrian and bicycle access to the campus. The purchase price of the land was $4.5 million paid for in a consideration mix of cash and operating partnership units. At this time we are not planning on starting construction during this development cycle but believe that the land cost was attractive enough to land bait the parcel for future development. Prior to closing we received all entitlements necessary to develop the student housing on the side. At quarter end we were carrying $18.2 million in land held for development. The purchase of this parcel brings the total value of land held for development to $22.6 million.During February ACC authorized C.V. Richard Ellis to begin the solicitation of interest on a package of disposition properties. To date, over 180 packages have been requested. The portfolio contains seven assets in six university markets with the combination of stable properties as well as properties with turn around potential.We are scheduled to make our first call for offers during the first week of May and well update the market on the status of these dispositions on the next call. The ultimate decision on sale for the individual assets will be based on the attractiveness of offers received. With that, Id like to turn it over to John to discuss our financial results, capital structure and outlook for 2009.Jonathan Graf Thanks Brian. For the first quarter of 2009 we reported total FFOM of $18.5 million or $0.42 per fully diluted share, which was in line with internal expectations and consistent with our guidance projections. This compares to FFOM of $11.2 million or $0.38 per fully diluted share for the comparable quarter in 2008. As compared to the first quarter of 2008 the 2009 first quarter results include the GMH operations acquired June 11th of 2008, the impact on the weighted average share count related to the 5.4 million shares issued to GMH shareholders and the 9.2 million shares issued in conjunction with the April 23rd 2008 equity offering as well as the operating results related to the Vista Del Sol and Chestnut Ridge development delivered in the fall of 2008.Total third party revenues were $3.3 million for the first quarter of 2009 and were up $716,000 for the quarter when compared to the prior year. Total third party revenues consisted of $1.1 million in development fees and $2.2 million in management fees, which included $1.1 million from GMH third party management contracts and management fee income on the Fidelity joint ventures.Third party revenues were in line with internal expectations for the quarter. Corporate G&A for the quarter was also in line with internal expectations at $2.7 million. We continue to expect to be within the previously provided guidance range of $12 million to $13 million for 2009.As of March 31st 2009 our total market capitalization was approximately $2 billion consisting of point-eight billion of equity market value and $1.2 billion in total debt excluding our on-campus participating properties and our share of debt from our unconsolidated joint ventures with Fidelity.Variable rate debt represented approximately 17% of our total indebtedness at the end of the quarter. The companys outstanding debt is at a weighted average interest rate of 5.02% and has an average remaining term to maturity of four years. Fixed rate debt maturities for the rest of 2009 are $51.1 million or 4.2% of our total indebtedness. Our $160 million revolving credit facility and the variable rate construction loans on Vista Del Sol and Chestnut Ridge also have maturity dates in 2009. However, we have a one-year extension option on the revolver and Chestnut Ridge loans and two one-year extension options on the Vista Del Sol loan, all of which we currently expect to qualify for.We have executed the term sheet with Keybanc and are currently in the process of working with our bank group to renew our revolving credit facility for another three years and increase it from $160 million to $200 million. In addition, we recently executed a term sheet with P&C as the servicer for a Freddie Mac facility for up to $125 million, which we anticipate closing in June or July. The proceeds from the Freddie Mac credit facility will primarily be used to repay the remaining $51 million in fixed rate mortgage debt that is scheduled to mature in 2009 as well as the $30 million balance on the Chestnut Ridge construction loan.As of March 31, 2009 the companys debt to total market capitalization was 61.6%. Our total interest expense for the quarter excluding the on campus participating properties was $14.3 million compared to $5.4 million in the first quarter of 2008, an $8.9 million increase. This increase was primarily due to $7.7 million in interest expense on approximately $600 million of debt assumed from GMH and point-seven million in interest expense under the $100 million senior secure term loan entered into to finance the GMH acquisition.Due to the GMH acquisition the companys interest coverage ratio for the last 12 months decreased to 2.04 times compared to 2.75 times as of one year ago. Interest expense as net of approximately one million in capitalized interested for the quarter related to own projects in development.As of March 31st we had recorded $89.5 million in construction in progress related to the ongoing own development projects.Turning now to 2009 guidance; the financial results for the quarter were in line with internal expectations and consistent with our original guidance projections. We continue to believe that the FSOM guidance range of $1.52 to $1.70 per fully diluted share for 2009 is achievable. For the balance of the year the most significant factors that may impact our FSOM guidance range are as follows. Lease up exposure; we previously communicated wholly owned property NOI of $143.1 million to $149.2 million, which consists of $89.9 million to $92.2 million in NOI for ACC legacy properties and a range of $53.2 million to $57 million in NOI for the GMH properties.NOI will be contingent upon the final rental rate and occupancy achieved for our 2009-2010 lease up and the related marketing expenditures, which may fluctuate depending on the velocity of the lease up. Based on the current projected rental rates for the 2009-2010 lease up and the slower velocity of our ACC legacy assets in certain markets as compared to the prior year we believe that we are currently trending to the mid to the lower end of the NOI ranges previously discussed.Interest expense; we had previously communicated that interest expense excluding the on campus participating properties would be $63 million to $64 million. As a result of entering into an interest rate swap at the beginning of the year to fix the LIBOR rate on our secured term loans and lower than anticipated LIBOR rates so far this year we believe that we will be at the lower end of this expense range.For deferred financing amortization we had previously communicated that the amortization for 2009 would be approximately $3 million. Depending on the timing and final terms of the new Freddie Mac credit facility and the renewal of our bank revolver this could increase by $400,000 to $500,000.Third party service revenue and expenses; our 2009 guidance projections assumed $14.7 million to $16.3 million in third party services based on development fees outlined and anticipated commencement dates scheduled on Page 14 of the supplemental. As previously mentioned this guidance assumes that the CSI, Cleveland State and/or Edinburgh University Phase 2 third party development projects will close during 2009. While we are fully ready to begin construction on these projects the commencement continues to be dependent upon the availability of project financing, which is being affected by the current capital market conditions that Brian discussed. If closing of all these projects does not occur during 2009 approximately $4 million in related fee income included in the mid point of our guidance range would move into 2010.In addition, as we have discussed in the past, the pursuit and negotiation of ACE projects is coordinated out of this department in our company. It is important to note that with the growing velocity of ACE efforts we could experience some increases in predevelopment expenses. With that, Ill turn it back to Bill.William Bayless Thanks John. In closing, were pleased with our financial and operational performance this quarter. Our strategic turnaround of the GMH portfolio is beginning to take hold as evidenced by the strong preleasing being 10% ahead of last year at this time. Were also thrilled with the momentum of our ACE program having now been selected by six universities to deliver housing under that program. We hope this is the beginning of ACE becoming a mainstream alternative for universities desiring to modernize their housing stock.Well remain focused throughout the leasing season insuring we have the velocity necessary to fill our properties to a level that achieves NOI growth moving into the 2009-2010 academic year. Bottom line; we remain confident in the resiliency of our sector. With that, well go ahead and answer any questions you may have.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of David Doty with Citigroup, please proceed.David Doty - Citigroup A couple of questions around the line of credit. Have you had active discussions yet and are there any change to terms that you could discuss?William Bayless Weve entered into a term sheet with Keybanc and existing bank group were working through the details of it. Its expected to look very similar from a covenant perspective to the existing revolver, 65% LTV but we are expecting some expansion of the rate by as much as 100 to 200 basis points to different parts of the grid.The main change in the revolver is that were moving from an unsecured facility to a secure facility but as to any impact on the company or anything else its very similar.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup This is Michael Bilerman speaking; how many assets are you pledging by moving to a secure facility?William Bayless Theres eight assets that are in the revolver.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup What sort of value book basis?William Bayless Basis; are you talking about the cap rate in the revolver?Michael Bilerman -Citigroup Yes or just book basis of the assets just to get a sense ofWilliam Bayless Sixty-five percent LTV and as far as access to it we should have access to pretty close to the $200 million. As to whether or not thats a market value well that depends on cap rate assumptions and existing pricing of assets, which is a separate discussion.David Doty - Citigroup Then just a couple of questions; given the growing pipeline of ACE projects how are you thinking about how youre matching up your increased leverage capacity relative to essentially increasing equity components, things like given the timing of the pre-design and the new facility potentially? Can you just share with us your thoughts about the need for equity potentially?William Bayless As it relates to equity we talked about this in the past but we always monitor all available capital opportunities; debt, equity, sale of assets, joint venture assets and were looking at different parts of that in terms of improving the balance sheet, reduction of risk or as it relates to ACE positioning the company for future growth opportunities. We can say that the fact that companies are out there accessing both the debt and equity markets is an extremely positive event and does indicate some improvement in the overall capital environment. But as far as it relates to any equity we cant speak specifically to that.David Doty - Citigroup Lastly, along the lines of the assets that youre marketing are you able to share your pricing expectations, the buyer profile and if there is any associated funding from the agency or from yourselves along with those assets?William Bayless As far as the buyer profile were seeing a little bit different. Its not the traditional student housing buyer. Its regional buyers teaming up with operators, pension funds, different groups like that that have taken the package. Until we get the call for offers though were not going to really have a clear picture as to who truly is interested and how diverse that groups going to be and we also cant speak specifically to pricing.As far as funding of the assets it depends on which asset. Theres $80 million of debt on those assets that are in the portfolio that have a variety of different kinds of debt between the seven properties. We would look at the entire portfolio or any pieces of the portfolio to the extent that we thought that it was a better opportunity to break the portfolio up.David Doty - Citigroup I think thats it; thanks for the detail.Operator Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Paolone with J.P. Morgan; please proceed.Joe Dazio - J.P. Morgan Joe Dazio here for Tony. I have a question about on Page 10 of the supplemental the legacy ACC preleasing; a couple of the assets in the bottom seven. Theres one in Orlando, one in Tallahassee, one in Gainesville and those same markets also appear among the other 32, which I guess are leasing better. Do those three have just asset-specific issues because it would seem like its not necessarily a market issue if youve got other properties in that same area doing well?William Bayless Joe, this really speaks to what we talk about all the time as it relates to submarkets and various [inaudible] in submarkets and product positioning. I think undisputedly every operator would say Gainesville is in the bottom five markets in the country right now in terms of oversupply. You can see one of our highest decliners in rental growth, negative 8% at The Estates while our biggest gain this year is at Royal Gainesville. So while the entire market is down and I think most companies are experiencing rental rate decreases across the board this really speaks to the strong asset characteristics of that Royal property, which is pedestrian at a great price point. This is actually the third straight year of plus 4% rental rate growth for that asset in what has been a declining market over those three years.The market overall is down. There is significant oversupply. Many submarkets in The Estate is on the other side of campus in a slightly different submarket, which is more impacted and so it really does speak to the asset fundamentals. To our knowledge I would say Royal Gainesville is one of the few and maybe the only that has actually experienced positive rent growth in that market.Joe Dazio - J.P. Morgan Just a question on the third party management; it looked like you lost one small contract this quarter and I think two more the prior quarter. I know the fee contributions are pretty small but do you think its a trend where the owners are just looking for ways to maybe save money and not have to pay the management fee to guys like you to run it for them?William Bayless No. Thats an instance where the asset was sold and as part of our contract they had another operator and its not a trend. Weve seen the rolling office of some assets over time but if you look at the growth in the overall third party business segment its obviously significantly larger than it was two or three years ago. We would expect for certain contracts to roll over time but we continue to see that business grow. In that instance on that asset they wanted to self-operate it after the purchase.Operator Our next question will come from the line of Karin Ford with Keybanc Capital Markets; please proceed.Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Can you tell us some of the terms on the new Freddie facility?William Bayless Understand that were underneath the confidentiality agreement as it relates to pricing but we expect it to be between $120 million and $125 million facility, five to seven years, 65% LTV, also a 1.6 times debt service coverage and it also is a revolving facility.Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Can you talk about secured financing that may or may not be available for ACE project construction financing on those?William Bayless For the ACE projects?Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Yes.William Bayless Weve talked about this. There is available financing thats out there and the profile of those assets could potentially fit into financing with Fannie and Freddie debt in the future. Thats not really the plan. I mean, weve talked in the past about moving to more corporate debt. As far as the specifics on any of the new projects were very preliminary on the most recent awards and working through feasibility and terms with the universities. We will obviously as we move along give more clarity on how we plan on financing them.Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets One of your competitors mentioned they were seeing a trend on delays between applications signed and actually getting leases signed. Are you guys seeing any of the same trends?William Bayless No Karen and I listened to the EDR call yesterday and I think that was more directly related as they discussed to a policy that they put in place related to credit checks on guarantors, which was slowing down the processing of that internally. So I dont think its necessarily a more general market trend in terms of the turn from a parent executing that guarantor.Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Are you seeing any price point differentials on performance in your lease-up between the higher end and the lower end properties?William Bayless It continues to be fairly consistent. When you look at the breakdown we gave a couple quarters ago our ten most expensive properties overall are currently 76.6% leased and thats AFN leases so its an Applied For Number and one year ago it was 78% so a very nominal negative 1.4%. Now, our ten least expensive properties are currently 73.9% where a year ago they were 54.1% so you do see a substantial increase in the lower price point and all other properties more or less that commodity price point across the board; 76.5% compared to 77.7% so again a nominal drop off so you dont see that.Interesting, in that same vein, if you look on Page Ten, which is the ACC legacy chart and if you look at Properties 1 through 17 ending with U Club Tallahassee and you look at the break point there where those are properties that have rental rate growth of 3.1% to 4.7%. Interestingly that group of properties, that subset of properties is 90% preleased for the fall. So where you have pricing power and rental rate growth you continue to have the highest demand and velocity.Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Just a final question back to the balance sheet and given sort of capital plans for development and other future growth can you just talk about what leverage level management feels comfortable running the company at, talk about it from either a debt to EBITDA basis or fixed charge coverage basis and have you guys considered a continuous equity program? William Bayless A couple of question in there; as it relates to overall leverage in the company weve talked about 50% being a tolerance but with a building pipeline obviously wed like to bring that leverage down over time, which is the purpose behind the disposition portfolio. Also thinking about capital plans; the idea with the dispositions is were targeting yields on these ACE developments of between 8% and 8.5%. If you start looking at turning the portfolio over time we think that that could really improve the growth profile of the NOI of the company over time.As to any other specific covenants or objectives as it relates to debt to EBITDA weve never spoken about that publicly and I dont know that we would. But there is a desire to bring the overall leverage of the company down over time to put us in a position to grow.Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Have you guys looked at a continuous equity program?William Bayless As we said, we continue to look at all of the available ways of raising capital, debt and equity and cant speak about anything specific as to what we would or wouldnt do.Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Just finally did you guys mention; I know you havent gotten the offers yet but just generally can you give us a range and what you expect the proceeds from the asset sale to be?William Bayless We prefer not to talk about anything specific right now because its going to depend on pricing and considering we would potentially break the portfolio up depending on how the offers come in weve decided not to give anything specific on size or pricing as it relates to that portfolio.Operator Our next question will come from the line of Andy McCullough with Green Street Advisors; please proceed.Andy McCullough - Green Street Advisors First, thanks for the added disclosure; its helpful. Expanding on Karins question a little bit when you look out two, three, four years and your targeted leverage how do you guys envision that looking as far as the mix between secured and unsecured debt?William Bayless There has always been a desire by the company to move to more of an unsecured debt structure just obviously due to the flexibility that it has. To the extent that the credit markets continue to improve and that becomes available at reasonable pricing then thats the direction that we would obviously want to go as opposed to mortgage debt or property specific debt thats less flexible.As to how thats going to look in the future thats going to be a crystal ball item in terms of wheres the economy going and where are the credit markets going. But to the extent that it does change and move back to where secured debt is more available thats going to be the most attractive option. Unsecured is going to be the most attractive option to us.Andy McCullough - Green Street Advisors On the ACE yield you just mentioned 8% to 8.5% that youre targeting; thats, from my understanding, above ASU. Whats driving that increase?William Bayless A couple of items; first of all just in terms of our thoughts on capital pricing. The way that were looking at ACE transactions were coming at it from a couple different directions.If you look at it, in the past people have talked aboutweve been asked a lot of questions about the spread to multi-family is the first one or the spread as it relates to development and acquisitions. When we compare any of the existing purchases that we have in terms of the profile of the NOI or especially the risk adjusted return aspects of it we think ACE is the best of all worlds.So, when were looking at it we think that an 8% to 8.5% yield going in obviously would be attractive. When we then think about growth and revenue growth moving forward if were able to tie ourselves closer to university rent growth rates we could really see some out-performance in a lie over a long period of time.Obviously pitching on projects were going to try to maximize returns to the company but at some level if you drive the returns too high the projects just become infeasible regardless of what the university is willing to do.Andy McCullough - Green Street Advisors Then one housekeeping item; whats the remaining Cap ex that you need to spend on the GMH assets of that original $40 million?William Bayless Right now, Andy, weve got a total of $28.4 million either completed or in process on current projects so you have a lagging of about $12 million to $13 million in future projects.Operator Our next question will come from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird; please proceed.Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Can you talk aboutcan you say you can provide some color on how leasing is going for next year on campus at the universities where you have presence versus what youre seeing in the preleasing in your off campus properties?William Bayless Paula, most universities dont release their leasing numbers or in many cases dont begin starting their assignment processes until April and May. To our knowledge and in the markets that were located theyre going very well. But again, as we talked about with ASU and ACE where we are on campus schools have the ability to fill their own beds. They have a captive audience. Its much easier for them whether its in an open market process or a housing required market so we dont expect there to be shortfalls in the on campus world as a whole.Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Are you hearing any anomalies in ASUs on campus lease-up?William Bayless No. Theyre doing very well. This year though theres a little unique twist in that this is the first year that Arizona State is implementing a freshman housing requirement where previously freshmen had the opportunity to live off campus anywhere they wanted. Now ASU is requiring them to live on campus and so theres even more build-in demand at ASU than previous.Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Can you just talk a little bit about new supply in that market?William Bayless At Arizona State you do have some new supply coming on. You have a very well located asset called The View immediately adjacent to the campus on Apache, which is a very nice mid [inaudible] product I think done by the Campus Acquisition folks out of Chicago. Thats actually doing very well, extremely high price point, actually about 125 to 150 price points over Vista Del Sol and theyre about 95% preleased, which again speaks to well located, high end accommodations even in this market are doing well.There is some development further from campus that I think may be struggling a little bit, again, getting into the submarkets, pedestrian versus further away; things of that nature. But as you can see on our assets there were done at Vista Del Sol; everything is great. Barrett is 81% preleased and the remaining people will be coming via an assignment process. While you see Villas on Apache is about 60 behind that directly relates to the housing requirement in that last year they had 65 freshmen living there and so theyre trending fine related to the non-freshman market.Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Just to follow-up on an earlier question; have you made any changes at all in your guarantor policies or processes?William Bayless No. When we look at the guarantor process its a foundation of what we do. We have not used credit checks on guarantors as a policy in that we just have not had collections issues. We will if we have isolated collection issues at a particular property or a particular market look at instituting a credit check policy for that property.I think in the entire portfolio there may be two that we have that currently but typically the student lease with the guarantor has been sufficient to keep our bad debt expense consistent with multi-family standards.Paula Poskon- Robert W. BairdFinally can you apply a little color on whats happening with the operating margin at both the ACC legacy and the GCTFS? I think I read somewhere along the line that marketing costs were up a little bit given the focus on driving occupancy but can you talk about anything else?William Bayless Absolutely and two things; I think in the seasonality chart that we did include as we included in our script comments you would expect that to be a normalized ongoing operational expense margin, an NOI margin trend for the ACC legacy.GCT obviously and there are two things taking place as it relates to marketing costs, which marketing costs did erode slightly our NOI margin this quarter. In that last year at this point in time we had 18 of 39 of the assets that were fully leased and of those 18 assets right now there are 975 beds of our current shortfall and so we are having to spend marketing dollars this year in places we didnt. So that expense this quarter being 3.9% or 4% was a direct result of that. Also we talked about at GCT in the first year of taking over a property you do not have historical marketing experience and so you have to do everything. You have to utilize every advertising medium, every mailing medium to determine what works and then in the future years youre able to drive down those costs.The biggest part though of the GMH margin go ahead and turn to Page 11; I think this would be meaningful and the fact that weve put the data out there will help greatly. When you look at the NOI margin at GCT and the potential weve talked about weve never talked about it being really driven on the expense side but rather completely driven by the improvement of occupancy and revenue growth.If you go to Page 11 and look at the assets one through nine ending with Southview and draw a line across there. You can see there weve got nine assets where we have projected revenue growth of 3% to 5%. Those assets are currently in the fall of 2008 when you look at the average were 97.6% occupied and we are trending 4.8% ahead of where they were last year.So what were showing there on the GCT portfolio their top nine properties that have been stellar performers even in this economy were driving an average of 4% rental rate growth with an opportunity for maybe even a little tweak a percent or two based on the trend on occupancy.When you go to the next group 10 through 27 and you look at the properties that are relatively flat to 2.9% increase, which averages 1.5% or a modest rental rate increase, there the average occupancy of that grouping is 89.7% and were trending 6.4% ahead.So when you look at that were trending to a more stabilized mid-90 occupancy with moderate rental rate of 1.5%. Then the most exciting, which will result in an improvement of that expense ratio that you talk about when you go to the bottom and you look at the 13 properties where there have been decreases. Remember, many of those decreases are not reactionary to whats happening in the market but rather are proactive based on the product repositioning that we talked about.In there where you see a minus 3.5% rental rate decrease the average occupancy at those properties are only 79% and we are trending 14.4% ahead on that category, again demonstrating a move into a more stable NOI stream. So when you really break down that chart and look at the strategic nature of strong NOI growth and stabilized assets and significant NOI appreciation in the other categories thats where youre going to start to see that expense margin really come into line and make more sense moving forward trending more toward the normalized ACC.Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird I appreciate that additional color, thank you. One last question; are you seeing universities increase the cost for getting their enrollment lists as a way of generating incremental revenue given that theyre so cash strapped themselves?William Bayless No; pretty much we have seen the policy stay the same. In some places there have been glitches in the timing of getting those based on how theyre running their admissions processes. In some cases there are new privacy rules evolving where universities are more protective of what theyre releasing but we havent seen a change based on economics in pricing.Operator Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of David Doty with Citigroup; please proceed.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Its Michael Bilerman speaking. If we go back to that Page Six in the presentation where you lay out the seasonality how would as we think about 2009 and even 2010; how does the GMH addition change that percentage of NOI? I understand the operating margin in terms of being a lot lower GMH and thats going to ramp up based on your recent comments. But Im just trying to get a picture of how does the addition change these percentages as we think about 2009?William Bayless Let me speak in general and then Brian may have some more specific data or comments to add on. The reality is obviously given that the GCT portfolio is at such a lower average rate per bed right now. Going into the year I believe it was 533 versus 437 and so obviously in the expense margin youre going to see an immediate erosion of the two combined and that is certainly going to continue in Q2 and in Q3 as it relates to the numbers.As we move into Q4 and you begin to see those occupancy numbers; in that quarter you should begin to see the two blended start to improve. But you really wont see the full benefit until we move into the next calendar year, the next cycle when were able then to start to drive down cost in a more efficient manner.But for it to fully materialize to the type of ACC margin that you see its probably a two-cycle process.Brian Nickel Another way to think about it and I understand why youre asking the question. Basically what ends up happening is because the occupancy improves in the fourth quarter for the year 2009 GCTs should be a couple hundred basis points more weighted towards the fourth quarter, which is coming from the additional NOI from the rate to occupancy.Moving forward on a stabilized NOI to the extent that we achieve our occupancy objectives it should start to look more; once again not speaking to the margin but to the spread of NOI it should start to look more like the ACC portfolio on a quarterly basis.Michael Bilerman -Citibank Then just thinking about it from the perspective of you had about $36 million of NOI in the first quarter so about $144 million annualized 1Q is a higher quarter than the rest it would appear as though the trend line at least for this year is going to be closer to the bottom end of your NOI guidance of 143 to 149.William Bayless What weve said is we think were trending from the mid-point to potentially the low end. Thats going to depend upon a variety of factors, the most significant of which is we have to achieve our lease-up objectives. To the extent that we achieve our lease-up objectives then thats obviously going to move us up higher into the range.Michael Bilerman -Citibank If 36 is going to come down the next two quarters pretty meaningfully right just based on the seasonality and then the fourth quarter really should be and hopefully in excess of the $36 million. When you sort of do the math its hard to even get to the low end. Am I just not thinking about it the right way?William Bayless These margins are only for the current ACC portfolio. What it does not show here is what the current margin on the GCT portfolio thats included in those overall calculations you would make of the combined portfolios.Brian Nickel One thing; youre asking a question which isanother way to say it well it depends on how much it comes down during the next two quarters. So obviously to the extent it doesnt come down as much as youre thinking then thats going to have a positive impact. Then theres a significant pop that comes in the fourth quarter when the GCT portfolio goes up to 8% plus the rental rate growth.Michael Bilerman -Citigroup Right, much more meaningful occupancyWilliam Bayless One other thing also that is not included in that is Barrett Honors College comes online in the fourth quarter as well.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Right so youll get a pop from the development perspective so a much more heavier weighted 4Q FSO expected.William Bayless Remember, that guidance we gave was on total NOI, not same store NOI. So when you look at it, when you add all those up management believes that right now to the extent that we achieve our leased-up objectives we should trend to the middle of the range and if we fall short of some of the expectations the low end of the range.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Thinking about whats happening on the debt side the facility, the $120 million and $125 million facility is that predominantly on existing secured assets or some of the unencumbered assets?William Bayless Thats mostly the $89 million worth of debt thats coming due.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup And youll roll all those loans plus Chestnut into that facility?William Bayless Actually the basic answer is yes. Itll be most of those assets. One of the benefits that we have is that the financing availability to achieve the $125 million is only a subgroup of those assets so we dont need all eight of them. We are planning on rolling Chestnut into that at this point in time so that would move in but then it would be a subgroup of the other eight assets that are involved in the $89 million.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup So youre able to take out a lot of excess proceeds out of your existing loans that are coming due?William Bayless Right. Remember, we talked in the past that on that $89 million we thought we had as much as $200 million, $220 million worth of value so were able to move a couple of those assets out and achieve our objectives.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Two hundred million of value and then 65% so about $130 million sort ofWilliam Bayless Well it depends on $200 million to $220 million and then it depends on how you value Chestnut.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Just on your revolver is anything changing in the borrowing base in terms of the assets to get 160 going to 200?William Bayless There are two additional properties that are going into it.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup And those are currently unencumbered?William Bayless Yes.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Which ones are those?William Bayless We are not giving information that is that specific as to assets because we are in a term sheet phase and at this point in time that may change.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup I guess just the perspective of if you didnt include those assets would the 160 stay flat or would it be?William Bayless Yes and then to achieve the 200 million we would have to get additional financing capacity.Operator I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bill Bayless for closing remarks.William Bayless With that wed like to thank you all for dialing in to hear our results. We are going to get back to work on leasing those properties and trying to get those third party deals closed and we look forward to talking with many of you at NAREIT and the rest of you on the next call, thank you.Operator Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day everyone.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives Edward A. Stokx  Chief Financial OfficerJoseph D. Russell  President and Chief Executive OfficerJohn W. Petersen  Chief Operating OfficerAnalysts Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital MarketsMichael Mueller - J.P. MorganDavid Rodgers - RBC Capital MarketsMichael Bilerman - Citigroup[Jonathan Rycheck - Freeberg Investment]Operator Good afternoon. My name is [Teresa] and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the PS Business Parks fourth quarter investor conference call. (Operator Instructions)At this time I would like to turn the event over to Ed Stokx. You may begin, sir.Edward A. Stokx Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for the fourth quarter 2008 PS Business Parks investor conference call. I am Ed Stokx, CFO of the company, and with me are Joe Russell, President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Petersen, Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin let me remind everyone that all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks' control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks' forward-looking statements, please refer to the reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K.We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release, which can be found on our website.Now I will turn the call over to Joe.Joseph D. Russell Thank you, Ed. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I will begin by briefly touching on PSB's fourth quarter results. I will then discuss PSB's unique position against the recessionary pressures at hand and conclude my remarks with comments on the investment environment. J.P. will then go into more detail on the quarter, along with our operational focus for 2009. Ed will review the quarter financial results and metrics, and then we will open the call up for your questions. PSB's fourth quarter results were characterized by NOI growth of 2.5% and stripping out the positive impact of purchasing preferred shares, FFO was $1.19 per share or 8.2% higher than the prior year. Total occupancy declined by 150 basis points from a year ago and down 100 basis points from Q3. Leasing velocity slowed in the fourth quarter and retention slipped, which drove our occupancy to 92.7%. Without question, we experienced lighter demand, which was particularly evident on large spaces over 10,000 square feet. The bulk of leasing continues to come from small users, and this quarter's activity produced an average lease transaction size of approximately 3,200 second feet. With larger transactions more time delays occur along with a prolonged negotiating process, which has led to less volume in these size deals. Throughout 2008 PSB's goal was to leverage our ability to attract and retain users across a wide variety of industry segments, which gave us the ability to source deals in the most vibrant part of each of our markets. Full year transaction volume was 5.1 million square feet, characterized by over 1,400 transactions. We were able to capture that volume with lower transaction costs from the prior year or $1.25 per square foot.Even as markets got tougher, the combination of our product type and market concentrations facilitated the ability to reduce capital expenditures. This improved another key goal, which was to retain as much cash as possible. For the year, PSB's industry low FAD payout ratio was 49.9% as we retained $49 million in cash in 2008.So where does this position PSB as we face 2009's challenging economic environment? PSB's primary focus is to compete for transactions in a tougher leasing environment, knowing that our product type can cater to a wide array of users and our primary user size continues to be the most populous in any given market. We have strong leasing and management teams running all of our own assets who provide a competitive edge since the majority of our competition does not have the skill and professionalism that our teams do.Furthermore, PSB's capital structure stayed strong through 2008 and is incredibly well positioned to not only weather this economic storm but when appropriate we will see meaningful growth by acquiring assets as cap rates shift higher. With less than 3% debt in PSB's capital structure, the PS team is not burdened by having to restructure the balance sheet, repay or refinance debt maturities in an onerous environment, or worrying about covering the dividend. In fact, from a stress test standpoint, company wide occupancy would need to erode by over 1,000 basis points coupled with highly negative rental rate reductions for PSB to reach industry norm payout ratios.Instead, we are able to focus on the opportunities at hand in a market where many owners are or will soon need to delever. In terms of acquisition volume, market activity remains nominal and we have yet to see the benefit of deploying cash at this point. Intuitively, that time is nearer than it was a year ago, but the pressure to actually sell in this environment has not manifested itself. We are well positioned once it does.Finally, as we announced this morning, we are pleased to welcome Jennifer Dunbar to PSB's Board of Directors. Jennifer is a seasoned investment professional, having been a partner with Leonard Green & Partners, and we look forward to her broad-based business knowledge and experience as she joins our Board.Now I'll turn the call over to JP. John W. Petersen Thank you, Joe. As Joe mentioned, the leasing environment we saw in the fourth quarter, like all landlords, was difficult. Competition for all deals was fierce and demand sluggish as the economy plunged deeper into recession. Tenants were reluctant to make lease commitments due to uncertainty with their own businesses and the overall economic climate. All of our markets had negative net absorption during the quarter except for Houston and Dallas, which had positive net absorption of 980,000 square feet and 570,000 square feet, respectively. Vacancies increased across the board except for Dallas, which declined by 20 basis points. Lease length, rent, and other concessions were prevalent in lease negotiations, but mostly customers were looking for value-oriented deals in order to contain costs. As is typical of our customer base, they are not interested in high finish expensive tenant improvements, but more focused on generic space that is able to meet their challenging business needs.Total PSB portfolio occupancy for the quarter declined 100 basis points to 92.7%. These occupancy declines were felt in Austin, which fell 400 basis points to 89.4% due to the loss of a 32,000 square foot tenant. Northern Virginia lost 292 basis points to 94.6%. Orange County fell 185 basis points to 90.2%. San Diego slipped 174 basis points to 91.6%. In Dallas, Houston and Maryland, occupancy increased during the quarter. Our geographic and market positions assisted our ability to hold occupancy declines. This was demonstrated in Dallas, which increased occupancy by 119 basis points to 94.1%, Houston grew by 132 basis points to 99%, and Maryland rose by 84 basis points to 93.4%.Rental rates fell by negative 4.1% over expiring rents during the quarter and were down 0.9% for full year 2008. In the fourth quarter we completed 265,000 square feet of leases in Washington Metro, with rents declining 0.5%. In Southern California we did 243,000 square feet of deals and rents declined 8.3%. Fortunately, we were able to grow rents in Seattle, up 4.4%; Austin and Houston each were up 3.8%.We completed over 300 deals in the fourth quarter totaling 980,000 square feet with an average term of 3.4 years and average size of 3,200 square feet. New leases accounted for 132 transactions. Again, customers under 5,000 square feet drove activity comprising almost 250 deals or 83% of leases in the quarter. PSB's flexible product type and diverse customer base plus the value oriented focus of our business parks, along with our aggressive leasing and management tactics, helped us capture this new activity. Retention for full year 2008 was 57%, but 48% for the fourth quarter. Florida, Texas and Southern California were weaker for the quarter. Northern Virginia, Maryland and Phoenix were above 55%, and in Maryland retention was 61% due to a key 53,000 square foot renewal with Verizon.In 2009 we have a normal lease expiration schedule for approximately 22% of annual rents or 4.3 million square feet. Southern California accounts for 27% of expiring rents in 2009; Washington Metro, 22%; Florida, 12%; Northern California, 13%; and Texas, 10%. I would remind everyone that in Northern California we had a significant above market lease with the County of Santa Clara which comprised 97,000 square feet. During the third quarter we renewed 45,000 square feet at a rate that was approximately 56% lower than the existing rate. The balance of the space, with similar above-market rents, will expire during the first quarter of this year.As we head in 2009 we are, as always, focused on staying close to our customers. More and more we find they are looking for simple space that is cost-effective and flexible, professionally managed, and reflective of the current economic realities, which allows them to meet their ongoing business needs. A common requirement that customers often seek is one of value. PSB is particularly well positioned to offer generic value-oriented space to existing and potential customers. Now I will turn the call over to Ed.Edward A. Stokx Thank you, JP. Reported FFO per share was $1.35 for the fourth quarter. Excluding the net gain on the repurchase of preferred stock, FFO was $1.19 per share, an increase of 8.2% over FFO for the fourth quarter of 2007 of $1.10 per share.On a comparative basis, same park NOI increased 2.5%. Revenue increased 1.7% over the fourth quarter of 2007, while expenses were essentially flat, decreasing $30,000. Sequentially, operating expenses were down $1.3 million or 5.9%, primarily due to higher utility costs incurred during the summer months, lower repairs and maintenance, and slightly lower professional fees.The gross margin for the fourth quarters of 2008 and 2007 were 70.1% and 69.5%, respectively. For the full year ended December 31, 2008, reported FFO was $4.70 per share. Excluding the preferred gain, FFO was $4.55 per share compared to FFO for 2007 of $4.23 per share, an increase of 7.6%. For the year, same park revenue increased 2.9%, while operating expenses increased 3.6%, resulting in a 2.6% increase in same park NOI. The revenue increase is attributed to a 2.9% in realized rental rates which is the result of the increase in new lease spreads achieved in 2007 and the first half of 2008, as well as in place contractual rate increases. The expense increase was driven by higher property taxes and utility costs. Recurring capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $6 million compared to $11.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. For all of 2008, recurring capital expenditures were $33.3 million or $1.70 per square foot compared to $37.4 million or $1.93 per square foot in 2007. The decrease from 2007 is the result of the company's disciplined capital allocation focus as well as our ability to control capital costs amidst a challenging economic environment. PSB's historical and continued focus on maximizing our cash retention provides a great source of liquidity, particularly in the current capital constrained environment. For the three and 12 months ended December 31, 2008, the company has retained free cash of $16.4 million and $49 million, respectively. The company continues to maintain industry low payout ratios, with an FAD payout ratio of 42.6% for the fourth quarter and 49.9% for 2008. During the fourth quarter the company repurchased 400,000 shares of its 6.7% Series P preferred stock. The purchase price of $5.5 million represented a 45% discount to the redemption value of $10 million. The purchase resulted in a net gain of $4.2 million. In the first quarter of 2009, the company repaid a $5.1 million mortgage with retained cash and today we have approximately $54.2 million in outstanding mortgage debt. Not unlike during periods of growth, in the current recessionary environment we continue to closely monitor our tenants, their financial stability, and their ability to meet their lease obligations. In Northern California we have two tech manufacturing companies aggregating approximately 134,000 square feet experiencing significant financial difficulty. In the event that these tenants are unable to meet their lease obligations, after taking into account existing collateral we could see a reduction in income of $164,000 in Q2 and as much as $480,000 per quarter in the second half of 2009.Also of note, we have two retail tenants in Orange County that may not be able to continue to perform on their lease obligations. These two tenants aggregate approximately 42,000 square feet and have combined rents of approximately $76,000 per month. Beyond these notable situations, while we have been able to maintain our non-government receivables at a respectable level, we are experiencing a greater number of tenants who are paying rent more slowly. As I have noted in the past, we maintain a very thorough and diligent underwriting and monitoring process. This diligence and our quick response to signs of stress have enabled us to keep our write-offs of uncollectible receivables at manageable levels. During the 12 months ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, our write-offs of uncollectible balances were $612,000 and $691,000, respectively.As of December 31, 2008, we believe our reserve for billed rent receivable is appropriate at $300,000. In addition we continually monitor the realization of deferred rents receivable and make appropriate adjustments based on our assessment of our tenants' ability to fulfill their lease obligations. Amidst the current economic crisis, liquidity and cash retention is more important than ever. With a history of maintaining significant free cash, combined with a disciplined capital structure, PSB is well positioned to respond to the economic challenges ahead.With that, we will open the call for questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Can you quickly clarify regarding the tenants you just went through? We're having some difficulty. Did you accrue rent for them in the fourth quarter?Edward A. Stokx We did accrue rent and rent was either paid or we had collateral that covered their rent in the fourth quarter.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets So to the extent, I guess, for modeling purposes, if there were deterioration it's going to come out in 2Q and then 3Q and 4Q for the Northern California. And the Orange County guys, when would that deteriorate?Edward A. Stokx It's unknown at this point, Jordan. We're watching them and talking to them very closely and we'll see how long they're able to sustain their business. We're very concerned about them, though. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets And then a question on markets. Obviously, a couple of them saw bigger decreases in occupancy sequentially and maybe you could give us a flavor - I don't know if that's a perfect picture of what's happening in your markets right now or what you're feeling in the portfolio - so maybe strongest versus weakest markets, your feeling?Joseph D. Russell I'll start, Jordan, and JP, if you want to add any color, feel free.Again, what we're seeing across all markets is softness and I don't think that's any different than I'm sure you're hearing from everybody right now. The economic environment had a broad-based effect, again, around all of our market dynamics. And I would say that it's probably less noticeable at this point probably in the D.C. market and in Texas, and then it might be more heavy in Southern California and maybe even to a lesser degree Northern California. But, again, it's pressure that we're seeing. We're very focused on it. We, however, feel frankly pretty blessed by the fact that the markets that we have chosen to be in over time continue to give us lots of opportunities to go out and capture business. And even in an environment like this, we have been and continue to be able to go out and secure both new and renewed opportunities.And unlike what downturns we've seen historically, most of our markets have very little competing production coming in, and even though there is negative market net absorption, as J.P. mentioned, it's something that we're able to battle against and we're doing that on a day in and day out basis.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets But are there any major tenant expirations within sort of the role you discussed for 2009 in Southern California in particular. It's 27% of the roll. Are there any sizeable lease transactions in there or is that mostly the more granular, smaller tenant business?Joseph D. Russell It's definitely weighted by the granular smaller guys. And that, again, day in and day out is what we're continuing to focus on. And frankly, that's where we see more activity across all of our markets. As I mentioned, what we really did see in the fourth quarter is really almost like a complete freeze on bigger lease transactions and with that and with our portfolio we can step back and even put more focus and effort and other things in going out and capturing the smaller guys.What really is different about what's going on today which we are right in line to see opportunity tied to it is there are a lot of companies out there that really have way too much space. As you well know, employment levels continue to decrease. Companies are ratcheting down their cost structures, they're ratcheting down their need for space, and we're seeing opportunities to go out and capture that downdraft. And our business parks can create a really good opportunity from a value standpoint for those situations.So tactically that's something that we're even magnifying and did throughout 2008 and we'll continue to do it this year. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets My last question's just on investment opportunities. It sounded like you were maybe doing some tire kicking to the extent there was product or any opportunities available. Can you maybe expand on that and then in that same context talk about the repurchase of the securities this quarter and how that factored in?Joseph D. Russell Okay. Well, yes. As we've kept track of the softening cap rate environment and still I would characterize a disconnect between seller expectations and the reality of the adjustment that I still think needs to take place as far as cap rate adjustment. We have been tire kicking. We haven't bought anything for over a year and a half. We've, in that time period, continued to boost our cash balances and kept a very close eye on all interested portfolios that have come on the market. And again, that disconnect or that seller expectation to what our expectation has been strong enough that we haven't actually, again, in the last year and a half purchased anything.I think that as that pressure continues to build, as the delevering process continues to grow, there should be, again, some interesting opportunities. Again, we didn't see any of that and obviously didn't buy anything in the fourth quarter. Ed can talk a little bit about it. We from a capital allocation standpoint saw an opportunity to go out and we felt do a very good deal tied to one of our preferred issuances or a piece of one of our preferred issuances and used some of our cash to do that.So, Ed, you want to talk about that?Edward A. Stokx Yes, Jordan. You know, that was a very opportunistic buy for us at $13.70 a share; it was a strip yield of close to 12.5%. We will certainly continue to look at share repurchases, preferred stock repurchases as a potential capital allocation. And if we can get it done opportunistically, we'll absolutely do it.Operator Your next question comes from Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan First of all, JP, when you were talking about the lease in Santa Clara, I think you said that was Q3. I just wanted to make sure that the large rolldown was in Q3, not Q4?John W. Petersen That's right, Mike.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan And then I guess to that point as well, the fourth quarter spreads were down on a cash basis 4.1%. Can you give us any color as to whether the end of the quarter was dramatically different from that average and just what you're seeing so far this month or two into 2009?John W. Petersen There wasn't anything that swung either way that 4.1% for the quarter. You know, kind of along the lines with what Joe mentioned in his comments and what I mentioned in mine, we're trying to capture occupancy where we can and from time to time we're going to reach to do that. It's important that we keep [inaudible] seeing the ability to do that as companies look for value-oriented deals. They want to conserve their costs and we think we're a part of that equation, both for new and renewal tenants. Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan I mean, if 4.1% was the average in the quarter which ended up getting worse, is it unreasonable to assume based on what you're seeing now that early into 2009 it's lower than that 4.1%?John W. Petersen Well, I don't think it got worse necessarily, but that's hard to say. It's a case-by-case basis, deal by deal, expiration by expiration, Mike, how that's going to play out going forward. Joseph D. Russell And Mike, I wouldn't say that's anything different than, again, because of the impact quarter to quarter, sometimes you've got, for instance, like this lease that we had with the County of Santa Clara, a big tenant for us and a large rolldown because it came off kind of almost dot-com era rent levels. That's going to have a heavier weighting. Alternatively, if we do a lot of deals where we don't see those kinds of impacts, it can ebb and flow.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Okay, but that Santa Clara, that wasn't in the 4.1%. That was in the prior quarter though, right?Joseph D. Russell It was in the prior quarter.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan The two tenants that you highlighted, are there any backfill prospects at this point or is it just kind of you're playing it by ear still?Joseph D. Russell Yes, we're just playing that by ear. Obviously, the situation is still to be determined, so with that, we're keeping an eye on that. And if things go that negative, obviously we'll be right on it from a tenant replacement standpoint. But it's too soon to tell what the timing or process would be tied to that.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan And the last question, I think, Ed, you talked about the CapEx, $1.70 versus $1.90 or $1.93 in '07. Do you see that creeping up in 2009 or, since you're doing more deals with the smaller guys, do you think you'll be able to have a little more leverage there and keep it lower?Edward A. Stokx Mike, it's a good question, but it's a hard question to specifically target and give you some indication of. But I will tell you that we are very focused on maintaining our cash retention and keeping our capital as tight as we can, and at this point in the market TI concessions are not a significant part of the deals that are getting done. So we're optimistic, but it'll depend on the nature of the deals that we do.Joseph D. Russell And, you know, again, maybe to add a little bit more color to that, Mike, the environment that we saw through 2008 with, again, our average tenant size and what so far has been different about this economic cycle and the way that we're able to deflect some of the concession consequences of it is, again, as J.P. mentioned, most of our customers are either coming to us in renewal situations and/or new customers as well, and they're really looking to contain rental costs. They're not looking for fancy upgrades. They're not looking for the things that, again, would drive those capital costs higher. Again, that will depend where we're doing particular deals, size of deals and those kinds of things. But the premise behind a smaller tenant portfolio like ours is that that's something that we have a lot more leverage over and what we've seen and what we're going to continue to try to focus on is keeping those costs down and, by virtue of that, keep our cash balances higher.Operator Your next question comes from David Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets.David Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets JP, are you seeing a lot of in-place leases or tenants that still have some time left on the lease coming back looking for rental concessions and how have you generally handled those conditions?John W. Petersen Yes, well that's a good question, not a surprising one. As I'm sure you've read in the various media, that's one of the things that small customers and all customers are looking to do. But the answer is no, we're not; generally speaking, we're not out renegotiating leases if they have time left. As Joe mentioned, the benefit of a smaller customer portfolio is if a 2,000 square foot guy can't make it, he can't make it, and we'll work real hard to replace that. But we're not going to go back and say okay, we'll lower your rent so you can survive, Mr. 2000 Square Foot User. If they can't make it, they're just going to go away and we'll re-lease it as quickly as we can.And typically those spaces are generic, as we talked about. They're not highly finished, so we don't have a lot of re-tenanting costs and we can hopefully get a new guy in there or another customer within one of our parks to take that space. But we don't have a process of renegotiating deals. David Rodgers - RBC Capital Markets And for Joe or JP, again, you talked about tenants wanting to downsize out of other assets into your properties. What are you seeing among your existing tenants as they come up for renewal or new leases, but particularly on the renewal side - are they downsizing, are they taking more space, or are they pretty much flat given your discussions with tenants that are set to roll here in 2009?Joseph D. Russell Yes, Dave, again, it's a whole host of all three of those elements. Believe it or not, we are seeing certain customers that need more space, and we are still seeing customers that need to downsize. And that, from an environment standpoint in our parks, is honestly nothing new. It is one of the dynamics and the benefits that we get by owning these concentrated business parks where even when the economy was much stronger, for instance, you're always playing the puzzle relative to staying close to your tenants, so purely understanding what their needs are, and if it makes sense for both them and us midstream during an existing lease cycle or for other particular reasons to take them up or down in size. Again, because of the variety of spaces that we might have in any particular park, we can work that puzzle pretty effectively, and in today's environment, we're doing it as actively as we ever have. And, again, the environment that we however are seeing that we're especially trying to stay focused on is, from an external standpoint, tapping into any type of company that might, say, for instance, have 15,000, 20,000, 25,000 square feet that needs a lot less. And, believe me, there's plenty of those guys out there. And we're from a market standpoint seeking out those opportunities in every single one of our markets and that's happening, too. So that is a big part of our process. And, again, as J.P. mentioned, there is even a little wave tied to this issue of value impression and just basically I want to control my own costs. And from an impression standpoint, I don't need to be in this high a finish environment; one of your well-maintained, simple and maybe more generic business parks works absolutely fine for me. And if I'm coming out of a Class A environment and locationally it works and functionally it works and obviously size-wise it works, that's a good value for me as a customer or a business. And that's, again, something that we're able to cater to in this kind of environment.Operator (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman - Citigroup.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup JP, maybe you can talk to that negative 4.1% in the quarter - that's cash or is that a GAAP number?John W. Petersen That's the cash spread.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup And that allocates in TIs and leasing commissions?John W. Petersen No, that's the base rent and expense contribution that the tenants are paying.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup You talked about the Santa Clara lease affecting the full year - was there anything specific in, I guess, the fourth quarter either on a lease perspective or on a market basis that was driving that?John W. Petersen Well, Ed and I can talk about it, but I mentioned that a little bit earlier. There was nothing specifically that was driving that, like a big lease expiration or a lease roll down, either way. There wasn't any one thing we could point to, Michael.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup And was there anything on maybe lease duration that would have changed in the fourth quarter how you're approaching leasing at all?John W. Petersen Well, again, honestly I think we were pleased by the fact that lease duration, again, in Q4 was 3.4 years. That is actually a little bit above average relative to what we saw throughout 2008. And, again, one of the flexible parts of our system is we can cater to shorter-term lease requirements; we're not adverse to doing that for the right sets of reasons. And when rents may be downward oriented because of all the things that might go into a particular market, if you're doing a shorter-term lease you're going to hopefully get an opportunity to reprice that much sooner than if you're doing a longer-term lease, five years or longer.So, again, overall term, you know, the 300 plus transactions we did in Q4, 3.4 years. And, again, we were pleased by that. Michael Bilerman - Citigroup And what was the total volume square footage in the fourth quarter of leasing?Joseph D. Russell 980,000 square feet.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Maybe just a little bit on the perpetual preferred repurchase. I guess you bought it back at a 12% effectively yield. How do you think you're balancing the need to [inaudible] to preserve cash and the eventual sort of reissuance of that given the agencies' more stringent ratings on it? I'm just trying to figure out how you're going to think about your cost of capital going forward.Joseph D. Russell Well, yes, those are decision elements that come into play. But as Ed mentioned, in particular we saw a more extreme dislocation and felt that strip yield of 12% plus was very attractive and felt it was a very sound way to allocate some of our cash balance. So on a case-by-case basis, if we're seeing those kinds of opportunities, we're going to continue to look at that as an opportunity.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup I guess the flip side is how do you think, if you had to raise new capital, put aside the fact that you're generating free cash - I guess it's just a small piece?Joseph D. Russell Well, I mean, come on, let's not kid ourselves. We're not an organization that has typically gone out and had to raise a lot of new capital just for the sake of covering our dividend or just kind of keeping the portfolio stable. We generate a significant amount of free cash flow on an annual basis. We've continued to bolster our cash reserves. So, again, if situations like the preferred opportunity come along, we're going to continue to consider that very actively. And I think, again, we're in a unique position to continue to do that because we're not looking at a set of maturities, whether it's our line or our mortgage obligations or anything else because it's just not there. So the alternative and the very opportunistic environment that we continue to be in is to hopefully find very attractive ways to allocate capital, and the preferred opportunity was an example of that.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup And then any discussions with the rating agencies in terms of how they're looking at preferred versus unsecured bonds and how that may affect eventual new issuance going forward?Joseph D. Russell No current discussions or updates on that.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Just on occupancy, thinking about going from here into 2009, it sounds like where you were more so on an ending basis that there would probably be some other vacancies created throughout the year?Joseph D. Russell Well, again, that's something that we're not predicting or certainly we don't give guidance to. The reason why we wanted to point to those larger situations is because those fall into that environment that I mentioned upfront, which is the bigger you go in any given market with larger tenant situations, it's a much more time consuming and onerous process. And we still don't know what eventually could happen with any of those situations that we noted, but it's at hand and we're going to deal on a case-by-case basis with what we'll deem to be the right thing to do. But, again, some markets may have more occupancy pressure; others may have actually more occupancy opportunity. And we've got a lot of data points out there to help us drive occupancy, and then on the flip side you're still dealing with market reality. But, again, without doubt, we are seeing and continue to see more opportunity to sign transactions with small users, and that's, year in and year out, quarter in and quarter out, that's been our key strategy and we're continuing to see that is the most vibrant part of our markets.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Heading into the first quarter, you ended the year about 92% occupied relative to about 92.7% average for the quarter. Was there certain expiries maybe you've already released or is that a sort of good position to be in for the first quarter and then thinking about the other larger expirations you mentioned before? Joseph D. Russell Yes. I mean, again, Michael, we're not going to give you any guidance relative to that dynamic. I'll just tell you that, as J.P. mentioned, a key focus - and it was through 2008, carrying into 2009 is to retain as much occupancy as possible. And, again, with our product type we feel like we have some good opportunities to help drive that and contain it, and that's what we're going to continue to do. Operator (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets On the retention, it sounded like retention of existing customers was much lower in the fourth quarter, which you may have given some color around, versus the full year. I'm just curious if that's sort of a trend that sort of occurred throughout the quarter or if it became more difficult later in the quarter to retain tenants?Joseph D. Russell Jordan, I don't, again, think you could say within the context of the quarter it trended up or down. It's just kind of what the [break in audio] ended up being. And I would say, again, it was just a quarter. We're going to do everything we can to keep retention as high as possible because obviously that helps preserve as much occupancy as possible. And it was a tougher quarter from a retention standpoint in Q4, but the quarter to quarter through 2008 ebb and flow of retention continues to be a mix of, you know, again you've got certain situations that you do or don't have control of. And, again, our goal is to keep it as strong as possible. But as J.P. mentioned, of the four quarters, it was the lightest quarter we had in 2008. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Have you had any of your larger tenants come looking for rent concessions?Joseph D. Russell I think without a doubt all companies are being encouraged to have those discussions with landlords. Whether or not they ultimately do and various landlords end up doing anything about it, there's that kind of a dialogue that is in kind of just the commercial environment period.But, again, the weight of that and the dialogue level, it's not overwhelming by any means; some companies are attempting it. But as J.P. mentioned, more often than not or on a highly weighted basis, we're not doing any of those re-work situations. But, you know, some companies are taking that tactic with their landlords. And we're hearing that throughout all of our markets, not just in our portfolio but in a lot of portfolios.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets And then just coming back to the investment side, what sort of hurdles are you thinking about in terms of new investment as opposed to buying something that has lower risk, like your preferred stock in the 12%?John W. Petersen Yes. Well, again, I think it will depend on the strategic position a particular asset might be in, how stable that asset is, what growth we might see out of existing levels of income tied to a particular type of portfolio or asset. But we're going to want to push for close to those double-digit returns, no doubt.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Going in unleveraged?John W. Petersen Yes. I mean, I think that's what we're hoping to see. And, again, it will depend on a casebycase basis if you get that out of the box or if you're going to be able to see that in some near-term fashion. But capital's very precious, and the cost of it's quite high. And, you know, I think, again, we're going to continue to be very judicious in the way that we deploy it. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets By the same token, to the extent you continue to have free cash flow above and beyond the dividend, consider and continue to buyback the stock above similar levels or at similar returns?John W. Petersen Well, again, that's always in the mix. And as we've talked to, what we saw in Q4 was even a more [break in audio] opportunity tied to the dislocation in the preferred market. So that's a newer consequence of this overall economic crisis so, again, that can be a lever for us. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Lastly, just on the sensitivity you guys mentioned, was that 1,000 basis points from here from year end occupancy numbers?John W. Petersen Yes. I mean, I think that's, you know, again, there's a lot of moving parts in that. But yes, I mean, I think we're in a position where, I mean, we would have to see a pretty dramatic downdraft to even get into like [break in audio] those maybe more industry norm ranges. So we've intentionally built the company to have a very strong cash retention formula and a very low levered capital structure. And especially in this environment, that is a very important thing to have. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets And that thought process there was to get [inaudible] from your current [FFO] payout or cash flow [CAD] payout up to sort of an 85% average - 80% to 85%. Is that kind of what you were thinking?John W. Petersen Exactly. That's the scenario that Joe walked through was based on using an industry average in the mid 80s. Operator Your next question comes from [Jonathan Rycheck - Freeberg Investment].Jonathan Rycheck - Freeberg Investment I have a question on the preferred repurchase. Was there one seller that had a lot that they wanted to sell? Could you just talk about the transaction a little bit more?Edward A. Stokx The only thing I would say on it is it was a privately negotiated transaction with a single seller.Jonathan Rycheck - Freeberg Investment And then if you guys were going to repurchase more preferred, would it have to be privately negotiated or would you [break in audio] on the open market? Edward A. Stokx Well, we could do either. If we were to do it on the open market, we'd have to announce that and disclose that we were doing that. But at this point that has not been our approach. Teresa - Operator - do we have any more questions?Operator At this time, sir, there are no further questions.Edward A. Stokx Okay. Thank you very much for joining the call everyone and we look forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter. Take care.Operator This concludes today conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives Edward A. Stokx  Chief Financial OfficerJoseph D. Russell  President & Chief Executive OfficerJohn W. Petersen  Chief Operating OfficerAnalysts Analyst for Michael Bilerman  CitigroupMichael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital MarketsOperator Good morning, my name is Tammy and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instruction) Mr. Stokx, you may begin your conference.Edward A. Stokx Good morning and thank you for joining us for the third quarter 2008 PS Business Parks investor conference call. I am Ed Stokx, CFO of the company, and with me are Joe Russell, President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Petersen, Chief Operating Officer.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks' control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks' forward-looking statements, please refer to the reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release which can be found on our Web site.Now, I will turn the call over to Joe.Joseph D. Russell Good morning and thank you for joining us. In a moment I will touch on PSBs third quarter results, then JP and Ed will go into more detail on the quarter.I would like to begin, however, by stepping back and discussing PSBs exceptionally strong position, as the current economic crisis continues to unfold. As a number of you are aware, PSB has one of the most conservative balance sheets in the industry. Historically, we have prioritized the ability to maintain low payout ratios with a firm focus on cash retention.Today we have just 3% of our capital structure tied to mortgage debt as we had adhered to a state philosophy of utilizing perpetual preferred equity to fuel our growth. Approximately $811.0 million of this equity is in place today with a combined yield of 7.2%. The permanent nature of this equity eliminates any interest rate or maturity exposure. There are no other exotic financial instruments or onerous maturities that will force us to make decisions at inappropriate times or under unusual circumstances that would be to the detriment to our shareholders.Combined, preferred equity and debt account for approximately 43% of our capital structure and we currently generate $10.0 million or more per quarter in free cash flow. This strong, simple, and defensive capital structure positions the company incredibly well in times like these as PSBs payout ratios are near industry lows.The management team at PSB is not burdened by having to focus on renegotiating lease terms or funding our dividend. Instead, our primary focus is operating a portfolio that has broad appeal to a large and deep pool of users in the markets we have chosen to own assets.These are markets we know exceptionally well and PSBs leasing and property management teams are experts at finding ways to consistently outperform their respective markets, in and out of economic cycles.I am pleased to say that even under the conditions that we face today, PSBs operating strategy of attracting and retaining small users in our 70 concentrated business parks continues to generate strong performance.So turning to the third quarter, I would like to highlight PSBs results, which validate the benefits of our strategy.Leasing results totaled approximately 1.3 million square feet of transactions. This volume came about by signing 360 leases with the average user size of approximately 3,600 square feet. Tenant demand was broad-based by industry type as we tapped into a wide range of users within our business parks.Comparatively, company occupancy improved by 50 basis points and FFO per share was up 6.5%. Customer retention improved slightly from the second quarter to 56%. Cash rental rates decreased by 3.5%, weighted down by a partial renewal with a large tenant in Northern California and a key renewal with Intel in Portland.Stripping out these two transactions, rental rates actually improved by 2.2% on the remaining 358 leases signed. J. P. will discuss the markets in more detail along with the tenant behavior we are seeing.On balance, we captured more than our fair share of market activity as our customers are attracted by our ability to deliver value for their real estate needs.The acquisitions market is basically frozen and we have no new acquisitions to report. For the last five quarters we have chosen not to acquire any properties, as few attractively priced assets have entered our markets. We have been patient and disciplined and we will continue to assess the changing but still unproven landscape of asset valuations.We currently sit on approximately $60.0 million of cash along with an untapped $100.0 million credit facility and will keep our powder dry to pursue opportunities in this environment.Fundamentally, we are optimistic that strategic and accretive situations will surface, especially due to the growing pressure that many over-leveraged owners are facing. In essence, this is an environment that should reward those with the strongest capital structures and proven abilities to deliver long-term shareholder value, which are key strengths of positioning PS Business Parks for continued success.Now I will turn the call over to J. P.John W. Petersen As Joe mentioned, the leasing environment is challenging across most of our markets but in no way has it shut down. In fact, four of our twelve markets had positive net absorption, another four were flat, and four were just slightly negative.Positive net absorption occurred in Washington Metro of 275,000 square feet, Texas 540,000 square feet, and Seattle 200,000 square feet. Orange County had relatively modest negative net absorption of 318,000 square feet, and Los Angeles was slightly negative at 478,000 square feet. San Diego was essentially flat. Portland was negative 125,000 square feet, and Silicon Valley negative 260,000 square feet.As I mentioned last quarter, Texas continues to be a strong market with minimal impact from financial or housing woes. Washington Metro, for our product type, is fairly healthy and the Miami Airport market is maintaining its demand as a global trade center. Orange County is difficult for office space, specifically Class A, but small tenant flex-industrial is holding its own and there are still deals to be done. In Northern California activity has slowed especially for larger R&D spaces, in which we dont compete. But again, the small tenant community is still active. Portland is slow with very little demand, but spec construction is in check. In summary, markets have slowed but without question, small users are driving velocity and we are pleased by our ability to capture activity in this segment of the market. Concessions are creeping up in higher finished office space but we have yet to see large TI or other concession packages in our traditional business park flex or industrial product.PSBs platform provides small users several advantages, including a flexible business park environment, an owner that can provide value, stability, and professionally managed real estate. Users see value in these areas, even in turbulent times.Also, as you can see in our analyst package on page 15, we have a broad array of users in multiple industries located in a variety of markets. This provides us with a diverse customer base that helps generate a pipeline of deal activity that we work hard to cultivate within our portfolio.Due the JR nature of our product we can tap into multiple industry segments, lease to lease, giving us the ability to react to demand cycles by industry.Despite what many feel are difficult market conditions, PSBs focus resulted in an increase in total company occupancy of 20 basis points from the second quarter to 93.7%.Maryland increased 180 basis points to 92.5%. Portland was up 200 basis points to 84%, while Miami grew occupancy by 100 basis points to 97.3%. And Los Angeles improved by 50 basis points to 95%. Orange County occupancy fell by 170 basis points to 92.1%. This was primarily due to two larger leases totaling 42,000 square feet leaving the portfolio. Aside from these two deals we completed 27 transactions in Orange County for 76,000 square feet. We completed a total of 360 transactions for 1.3 million square feet with an average of 2.9 years.Last quarter I discussed our ability to adapt to our customers need for flexibility. One way we are able to achieve this is through shorter lease terms. This allows us to meet our customers needs while getting to rent increase quicker as markets recover in one, two, or three years.Additionally, our ability to generate new business was demonstrated in the quarter. Of the 360 transactions, 163, or 45%, were new deals across a wide variety of industry sectors. Specifically, 17% of our volume was with computer hardware, software, and related companies; 12% tied to government tenants; and 10% with warehouse, transportation, and logistics companies. No other single industry sector represented more than 10% of our total transactions in the quarter.Rental rates grew over expiring rents in eight of our twelve markets. Rents grew in Austin by 13%, Seattle was up nearly 9%, Miami rents increased by 6.8%, Dallas rents increased 6.5%, and Orange County increased 1.8%. Maryland rents fell 10.9% and San Diego split 2.7%. In Northern California overall rents decreased 30% due to a single renewal with the County of Santa Clara, a long-term lease signed during the high point of the dot-com boom. Stripping out this large deal, rents in Northern California were up 2.4%.We continue to focus on retention and getting to our customers lease expirations early. With the leases completed during the first three quarters of the year, 4.6% of portfolio rents are set to expire in the fourth quarter. In 2009 we have a normal lease expiration schedule of approximately 22% of annual rents for 4.4 million square feet, which has a typical balance across our twelve core markets.Now I will turn the call over to Ed.Edward A. Stokx FSO per share was $1.14 for the third quarter, an increase of 6.5% over FFO for the third quarter of 2007 of $1.07. On a comparative basis same park NOI increased 2%. Revenue increased 3.5% over the third quarter of 2007, driven by a 40 basis point increase in occupancy and a 3.1% increase in average realized rental rates.Expenses for the quarter increased 6.9% over the third quarter of 2007. The increase in operating expenses was driven by two primary factors. First, during the quarter we continued to experience higher property tax expense, the most significant impact coming from the implementation of a transportation tax in the state of Virginia.Also contributing to the expense increase were higher utility costs driven by both higher rates and higher usage. We anticipate that we will be able to recover a significant portion of these costs through our triple net leases.For the nine months ended September 30, 2008, FFO was $3.36 per share compared to FFO for the same period of 2007 of $3.13 per share, an increase of 7.3%. During this period same park revenue increased 3.3% while operating expenses increased 4.9% resulting in a 2.6% increase in same park NOI.Consistent with the results for the third quarter, the revenue increase was due to a 60 basis point increase in occupancy and a 2.7% increase in realized rental rates. The expense increase was again driven by property taxes and utility costs.Recurring capital expenditures for the third quarter were $8.4 million compared to $11.3 million for the third quarter of 2007. The change from 2007 is due to the timing of capital projects combined with the variability of transaction costs. Recurring capital expenditures will vary from quarter to quarter depending on the volume, timing, and nature of leasing activity.For the nine months ended September 30, 2008, our total recurring capital per square foot was $1.39 which, based on historical trends, we believe is indicative of our ability to control capital costs amidst a challenging economic environment.PSBs historical and continued focus on retaining high levels of cash provides a great source of liquidity in the current economic environment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2008, the company has retained $11.9 million and $32.6 million respectively.We continue to maintain industry-low payout ratios with an FFO payout ratio of 38.2% and an FAB payout ratio of 50.6% during the quarter.In the first quarter of 2009 the company intends to repay a $5.1 million mortgage maturing with retained cash.As we noted in the second quarter, we continue to closely monitor our tenants ability to meet their lease obligations. I would reiterate that we believe we have a very thorough and diligent underwriting process, which is reflected in our modes write-offs of uncollectable receivables.For the nine months ended September 30, 2008, our write-offs of uncollectable balances approximated $500,000, or 2/10 of 1% of revenues, while in 2007 they approximated 3/10 of 1% of revenues.Our teams remain in constant contact with our tenants so that we can respond quickly in an effort to minimize our exposure to tenant defaults. We continually monitor our exposure to potential uncollectable balances and we believe we have sufficient reserves at this point.Given the severity of the current economic crisis, I want to reiterate our belief that we have a proven operating platform that is structured to be both responsive and adaptive, which enables us to source business during both prosperous and challenging economic times. Combining this platform with a capital structure that has minimal debt, no restrictive covenants, no maturity or refinancing exposure, PSB is particularly well positioned to confront economic certainty while continuing to generate significant free cash flow and when appropriate, we will use the capital structure to make accretive capital allocations.With that, we will open the call for your questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Analyst for Michael Bilerman - Citigroup.Analyst for Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Can you just give a little bit of color regarding some of those discussions you have been having with your tenants about renegotiating those leases?John W. Petersen What were talking about here is were not having major discussions with, in fact, we make it a practice not to re-negotiate leases, Im not sure where you got that from but were not going in to re-negotiate leases at all. We are flexible when renewing customers, in terms of term and those kinds of things, but we dont make it a practice by any stretch of re-negotiating leases, at all. Thats not what we do.Analyst for Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Your leasing commissions are down significantly this quarter. Im assuming that is driven by the high level of renewals. Do you think that is sustainable or is that likely to reverse any time soon?John W. Petersen That will fluctuate from quarter to quarter. We are focused very much on being close to our customer base, we are focused, as I mentioned, getting to renewals early. And to the extent that you can get to your customers without a broker, transaction cost will go down. But that could change from quarter to quarter depending on marketing conditions and deal volume and those kinds of things. But we are definitely focused on going direct to our customers. No doubt.Joseph D. Russell To add on to that, thats another element of the broad array of tenant situations that we frequently encounter. And again, with an average tenant size of 3,500 square feet, the representation by a broker for many of our tenants just does not occur. And as J. P. mentioned, it is certainly one of our goals to stay as close to our tenants as possible, and with that we can hopefully find ways to keep our transaction costs contained as well.Operator Your next question comes from Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan  When you think about the third quarter in terms of what was happening in terms of the environment, leasing, discussions with tenants, occupancy, how, if anything, has it changed once you have gone through the midway point of September and into October? Do you still get the feeling that the positive spreads are sticking, that occupancy is sticking?John W. Petersen We were pleased with our level of activity in the quarter, especially level of new deals that we were able to complete. As I mentioned, from the headlines you read you would have thought everything shut down. Clearly deals were taking longer, decision makers were waiting and waiting and waiting before they committed to something. For obvious reasons. But we have some tactics we use, tenant to tenant, customer to customer, to get them to make decisions and we were able to do that throughout September. In fact, we had a strong September.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan  And what about October?John W. Petersen October is one of those things that, were fighting hard in October. Were not going to talk about our leasing so far this month. You know what the environment is like.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan  You mentioned earlier about the two big tenants with negative roll downs. When you look at the lease expiration schedule for 2009, do any similar situations jump out at you where you know you are going to take a big hit?John W. Petersen No, we dont have any similar situations looking into 2009. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have a typical roll over schedule in 2009 in terms of expirations by market and we are reaching very deep into 2009 for our renewals, of all sizes and in all markets. Like most people are. There is nothing unusual about 2009.Joseph D. Russell To color that a little bit more, why we highlighted that one transaction in Northern California, it was a deal that had been signed way back in the dot-com boom era and through that tenancy for quite some time and being in the County of Santa Clara, they have been a long-term tenant of ours. We were actually surprised that they stayed in the space. They kept about half of it. And the market conditions were very different, certainly than they were seven or eight years ago.But as J. P. mentioned, the far majority, or every other deal that we did averaged out actually slightly positive, up 2.4%. So that was an unusual outlier for us for this quarter. We typically dont run across those kind of situations.Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan  Switching gears to acquisitions, if you are thinking about the type of product that is coming to the market, are you seeing changes yet in offering prices or the number of transactions coming?Joseph D. Russell I wouldnt say there is really a meaningful uptick in either of those categories, yet. I would say without a doubt the reality is starting to set in, however, and as that is setting in I think we are going to start seeing more reasonable or realistic expectations from a sellers standpoint. That will still take, in my guess, some more time but the reality is definitely starting to set in.Now, that has yet to equate to what you could characterize as a big wave or even I would even characterize still as, there oftentimes is a big year-end rush and I think everybody, even on the selling side, continues to be very, very cautious. So, again, I think, as I mentioned, the reality is starting to set in. What we have seen is what I would call some retread situations where something might have been brought to market earlier this year, the transaction didnt take place, those sellers are starting to come back and retest the market. More often than not they are still pretty unrealistic relative to their own expectations as far as pricing and cap rates, etc. But again, the commentary is negative enough and the reality, again, is in that realm as well. So, we are expecting to see some situations pop up.Operator Your next question comes from Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. How are you thinking about your capital allocation choices right now? Stocks discounted, preferreds are trading at $0.60 on the dollar roughly and you have got potential opportunities in the acquisitions environment. Given your cash position and your cash generation capacity, how do you think about where those dollars need to go and where the return opportunities are best?Joseph D. Russell That is a moving target and its one that we have all seen can be very dynamic, almost on a daily basis relative to availability, cost, and just flow of capital. Obviously all of it has been very constrained. As I mentioned, our goal has been to be disciplined. We have been through other times in our companys history where we have gone through links of time, like we have today, where weve literally not acquired anything in at least a year-plus period when we have seen that major disconnect in the markets. And our posture has been through today to stay nimble and to be as strong as we can. Were willing to take the shorter-term dilution of just sitting on cash, and still building that cash position, to look for really strong opportunities.I think the wave that is going to come about in potentially the near term, and when I say that hopefully the next 12 months or so, is the wave of situations that are really going to have some heavy and pretty complicated demands on a seller. We are very optimistic that some good things can come that. So we will continue to be disciplined. It at times can be frustrating to be as disciplined because you want to keep moving forward. But at the same time it is something we are very prudent about. We love the position that we are in. And we are very confident we are going to find some very good opportunities.But I think, as you know, we are going to do that at the risk of potentially driving FFO to a certain level on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We are really looking for opportunities for our shareholder value in the long term. And we think the timing for that is still at hand but it is probably going to take a little longer.Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. You talked a little bit about handling the lease expiration schedule for next year. Can you give us more color on the priorities and how deep you are going in terms of how deep into the year and to the size that you are looking at aggressively, dealing with your lease expiration schedule?John W. Petersen We have local teams in each of our markets that actually go in and talk with our customers. And they have clearly targeted every major lease into 2009 and potentially beyond if its a bigger, more complex transaction potentially.But on the other hand a lot of our customers are smaller in nature, as you know, and theyre not prepared to make a decision, lets say if their lease expires in September 2009. So we know who they are and we have a method of tracking our customers and their space needs and thats part of our business park philosophy, where they can grow and contract within our parks.So we have a very focused strategy and techniques and tactics that allow us to go into 2009. But clearly thats what we are trying to do now and trying to get these customers, if it makes sense for us, to get early renewals done.Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. On the bad debt expense, what was the sequential change from second quarter to third quarter?Edward A. Stokx There was no significant change at all. We had 500 for the nine months and that splits up pretty evenly per quarter. Were generally in the 150,000 to 175,000 per quarter in terms of the total write-offs.Christopher Lucas - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. What do you attribute to your real success here in keeping that number so low?Edward A. Stokx As I said in some of our prepared comments, we are very reactive to situations where we see a tenant, where they might start paying slow. We react very quickly. And if we need to make a change with the tenant, if we need to get them out, if there is a default situation, we react quickly. So that we dont let these situations linger and the uncollectible rents accumulate. So thats what I would attribute our success there.And then again, to our underwriting. We do a diligent job and we make sure that we have the right level of collateral if appropriate, based on the deal. So it all comes together and is evident in our success there.Operator Your next question comes from Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets Just following up on that bad debt question, it sounds like as a percent of rent it is holding up and it remains low. But that may be because your reactions are quick. Are you having to react more today?Edward A. Stokx I would say that we are definitely seeing an increase in the number of situations that we are monitoring. As I said, in addition to our underwriting we have a very thorough watch-list program where we monitor situations. And certainly that has increased and there is a higher visibility to a greater number of tenants. I wouldnt call it a significantly alarming number but it definitely has increased.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets Earlier you said in terms of the environment you had a good September and then on October you said, You know how it is out there. I would have expected September would have been a tough month, but you had a great September. And yet youre saying October, You know how it is out there. And I would say it seems pretty ugly from where guys like us on the phone site. Is that what we should take away? Thats what we know about, the capital markets. Is that indicative of what you are seeing in your leasing markets?John W. Petersen Not necessarily. As you know, we dont talk about future leasing activity or anything else but we did have a good September, youre absolutely right. And youre sitting there thinking it wasnt such a great time to do leasing and we were able to do that. Our teams were focused and energized and were able to finish out the quarter very strong.Joseph D. Russell And I think transitioning into October and looking at what is going on, the world at large, I will tell you that as we were in September, we continue to see leasing activity, the ability to drive leasing transactions and I think it is a validation of the focus that we have on the type of tenancy.We deal, and this is in and out of pressure points, economically and market cycles, etc., with a type of tenancy that, they dont over-extend themselves typically, relative to their space needs. And alternatively, when a lease comes due they have got to step up to the plate if they still need that space. And by far the majority of the situations that we deal with, where a company is still a viable business and they need their space, I mean theyre going to get a lease signed.So that continues to be a focus of ours a big part of our business. I would tell you, even through October, we are definitely signing leases and there is activity there.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets What is a typical lead-time on your leases?Joseph D. Russell As far as us in dialogue with the tenant?Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets Yes. Like soup to nuts. A new lease.Joseph D. Russell It can range from multiple months and that would, I would say, be more characterized with a renewal situation. As J. P has talked about frequently, we are very focused on our existing tenant base. We have got almost 4,000 customers and that continues to be a very key metric for us to focus on, to stay close and understand their business needs. And with our multiple buildings within the context of the business part, thats one of the ways that we can often keep tenants, lease cycle to lease cycle, as their business needs change. So its to our benefit to be in active dialogue throughout their lease term. So when a lease comes due we have a very strong sense of what their needs are and how to address them. Now, on the new business generation side, it is a wide range. It is not unusual, for instance, you have a single tour with a tenant, you [inaudible] some underwriting, as Eds mentioned, get to know their financial posture, etc., and you can sign a lease in a very short period of time. Literally within a few days to maybe even less time than that. And were geared up to address that.And then whether its on a larger space or just space on a different situation, there may be more than one leasing tour, more than one or two lease negotiation steps, and again, our people are very skilled at working through those situations as well. So there is a wide range.The environment that we have seen evolve over the last few quarters, especially this year, is this very strong hesitancy for tenants of any type to be in a position to make a very quick decision. They want to be careful, they want to be methodical, and we work with them on that and make sure we understand what theyre trying to get accomplished and be very responsive to it.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets Do you track a pipeline of new leasing activity?Joseph D. Russell Yes, we do. Very thoroughly, very deeply, and very actively. We did 360 transactions last quarter. We typically do anywhere from 350 to 400, sometimes even higher, and when you are doing that kind of volume, we have multiple eyes and sets of data points that we look to relative to the kind of tour volume that were seeing, the kind of activity level, the pipeline that weve got, etc., etc. Its a very active part of our business.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets So what did that pipeline look like at the end of September versus the end of June?Joseph D. Russell I would say it looks kind of like it typically looks, meaning there is a wide range of variety of situations and it is broad-based and it is a combination of renewal and new situations and just like you were asking, some of it may be timed for a month, two or three down the road. Some of it may be timed for this week. And again, thats what we are very focused on leveraging relative to our ability to drive demand and get leases signed. And our people are very good at that.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets It didnt fall off a cliff or anything like that?Joseph D. Russell Absolutely not. And you can see that quarter to quarter through what weve done this year. There is an economy out there, believe me. The economy at large is worrisome for everybody but weve talked about this in multiple situations as well, there has been more job growth in small business American, even through this year, than there has been in larger companies. Small business American, theres vibrancy. Like we keep talking to. There is a broad and deep pool of users that we stay very focused on.Operator There are no further questions.Edward A. Stokx Thank everyone for participating and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.Operator This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-09-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Blackstone Group second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Our speakers today are Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Puglisi, Chief Financial Officer; Joan Solotar, Senior Marketing Director, Public Markets. I now will turn the call over to Joan Solotar, Senior Marketing Director, Public Markets.
Joan Solotar: Thank you, Katina. Good morning everyone and welcome to Blackstone's second quarter 2008 conference call. I'm joined today by Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Mike Puglisi, our CFO. Steve Schwarzman will not be on the call today, as he's actually traveling overnight in Asia. Earlier this morning we issued a press release announcing our second quarter results and that's available on our Web site and we will be releasing the 10-Q report this week. On the call, Mike Puglisi will comment on the second quarter 2008 financial results, and then Tony will talk about the current environment and each of the business segments. Before we review the quarter and take your questions, I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are based on current expectations and assumptions, and are by their nature inherently uncertain and outside of the firm's control, and actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to many factors, including those that we've described in the Risk Factors" section of our 10-K. We don't undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements and for reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures, to which we will refer during this call, to the most directly comparable measures that are calculated in accordance with GAAP, you should refer to the press release that we issued this morning. This audio cast is copyrighted material of The Blackstone Group and may not be duplicated, reproduced, or rebroadcast without consent. So, as you review our GAAP results, please take note that the transaction-related charges will continue to flow through at meaningful levels for approximately five years, and we've highlighted this the last couple of quarters, in the current quarter, those totaled $858.7 million; and second, that changes in fair value of our fund investments will flow through the income statement as changes in carried interest as well as on the investment income line. So, therefore, in the past quarter, when we had a net reduction in value, we recorded negative revenues in that line item, which reduces the overall revenue line. And, as we talked about last quarter as well, performance fees are a meaningful driver of revenue. Over time they can be positive, they could be negative and I wanted to mention in this quarter specifically within private equity, though we had positive carried interest accrual, the net value of the segment's underlying portfolio decreased by about 1% in the second quarter. So, essentially, we reduced the carrying value of one fund that didn't have accrued carried interest to reverse and then we had positive performance in another fund and that led to an increase in the overall accrual. We reported ENI per unit for the second quarter of $0.15. That compares with negative ENI of $0.06 in this year's first quarter, and last year, $0.58 positive. Pro forma adjusted cash flow from operations for the second quarter 2008 was $161.5 million. That compared with a loss of $4.4 million in the first quarter and if you divide the units used in the calculation, you derive a per-unit cash number of $0.15 in this year's second quarter, a loss of less than $0.01 in the first quarter. Well, that's actually it on the cash side, sorry. And, as always, please feel free to call me with any follow-up questions and I'll now turn it over to Mike to take you through the financial highlights.
Michael Puglisi: Thank you, Joan. Good morning. As to the financial highlights from our second quarter BX financial results, as compared to this year's first quarter and the second quarter of 2007, I'm pleased to report the following. Overall, as you'll note, management fees continue to grow as we add products and assets. Investment opportunities are increasing and global liquidity is constrained and markets are volatile, leading to fewer dispositions. For the quarter ended June 30, 2008, total net reportable segment revenues were $376.2 million. ENI after taxes totaled $165.6 million, or, as Joan mentioned, $0.15 per unit. This is up from an ENI after-tax loss of $66.6 million in the first quarter of this year. It also compares with pro forma ENI of $655 million or $0.58 a year ago. Our adjusted cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $161.5 million or $0.15 per unit, up basically breakeven in this year's first quarter and compared with $0.61 a year ago. Our taxes for the quarter were again a net benefit, roughly $0.06 a unit. We are continuing to recognize tax benefits from the nature of our reorganization in connection with our IPO, the net result of which is over the long term in a normalized environment we would expect our tax rate to be in the range of 15 to 20 plus percent. In abnormally low or high earnings periods, we would expect to see offsetting lower or higher tax rates, as the case may be. As we have said before, over time we expect our compensation ratios to fall within 45% to 50% on an annual basis in that range. For the first six months of this year, our comp ratios are running approximately 56%. As you know, the varying components of revenue will drive that difference. Speaking to the individual segment performance, as respects our Corporate Private Equity segment, it generated second quarter revenues of $92.4 million, up from a negative $116.6 million in this year's first quarter. Although we had overall modest decrease in the net carrying value, as Joan has mentioned, carried interest is on a per fund basis  that calculation is, and we had positive performance fees in one of our funds. Weighted-Average Fee-Earning Assets Under Management for the quarter reached $25.1 billion compared with $23.48 billion in the second quarter of 2007. LP capital deployed totaled $775.9 million for the second quarter of 2008 and $1.17 billion for the first six months of 2008. As respects our Real Estate segment, it reported net negative revenues of $14.4 million in this quarter, mostly as a result of a modest reduction in the carrying value of certain holdings in the funds, which is reflected in both performance fees and investment income. We reported negative carried interest revenues of $77.1 million, as compared with $30.1 million in this year's first quarter. Base management fees were up 1.5% sequentially and 13.5% year over year. We announced the $10.9 billion closing of our REP VI Fund on April 1, 2008. Weighted-Average Fee-Earning Assets Under Management in our Real Estate segment for the quarter increased 25% or $3.88 billion to $19.17 billion. LP capital deployed totaled $209.8 million for the quarter ended June 30, and on a year-to-date basis totaled $579 million. Our Marketable Alternative Asset segment, our MAAM segment, reported in the second quarter, which now reflects GSO fully included in its results, it generated $225.2 million in revenues, significantly above the $30 million in revenues in the first quarter and $168.6 million a year ago. There were positive trends across all revenue lines in this segment versus the first quarter, management fees rose to $130.34 million, up from $104.3 million. Performance fees and allocations increased to $45 million from $5.1 million, and investment income was $49.9 million as compared with a loss of $79.4 million in the first quarter. Weighted-Average Fee-Earning Assets Under Management as of June 30 totaled $52.12 billion, including $10 billion relating to GSO compared with $32.68 billion for the prior year period, a 59% increase. With respect to our Financial Advisory segment, ENI and the advisory businesses, M&A, restructuring and fundraising declined modestly to $11.8 million from $13.1 million in the first quarter. Total revenues rose to $72.9 million versus the first quarter but were down from $98.6 million a year ago. Revenues in Blackstone's Restructuring and Reorganization Advisory businesses increased year over year, while revenues in the Fund Placement business, Park Hill, were flat and the Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory businesses declined. The pipeline remains higher across all three businesses in this segment. We have declared a quarterly distribution of $0.30 per unit to common unitholders of record as of August 29, 2008. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Tony James: Okay, Mike, thank you. Thanks all of you for joining the call. Before I turn to the core, I'd like to welcome the arrival of our new CFO, Laurence Tosi, who will be joining us in September from Merrill Lynch. I also want to thank Mike Puglisi for the heroic efforts he's put in the last two years watching our IPO, shepherding us through our first year as a public company. Going forward, Mike's focus will shift back to working with me and Steve on strategic initiatives, where I desperately need the help, so I'm looking forward to that. As you recall from prior calls, our outlook on the economy and on the markets has been much more bearish than most ever since the meltdown started and we still don't see things improving for a while. We expect the economy to continue to be weak well into 2009, possibly into early 2010 and we believe that any US recovery will be slow. Inflationary pressures, we think, will force the Fed to raise rates once the financial system has stabilized, and this means that any recovery will be grudging. Capital markets and the economic backdrop remain challenged elsewhere in the world as well, with signs of slowing growth cropping up in Europe and Asia. But from any period of dislocation there comes opportunity, and we are seeing a growing flow of interesting investment opportunities across all of our businesses, particularly in private equity and our credit businesses, and I'll talk more about that later. We're also adding a bunch of new products for our LPs in each of our investment segments. As you can see in our release, we've been able to continue to gather assets. AUM, as of the end of the quarter, was up to $119 billion from $113 billion and change at the end of March, an annual growth rate of about 20%, notwithstanding the market difficulties. What is not yet in the numbers is over $9 billion of additional funds we've already raised across Private Equity, Real Estate, and GSO since March that will not be included in our AUM until their precursor funds are fully invested. The largest of these new funds is our next private equity fund, which will roll out in a similar way to past private equity funds, which is sequential closings continuing through '08 and into the first half of '09. As you know, we're finishing up investing BCP V, Blackstone Capital Partners V, at this time. We expect that to end up late this year. Okay, turning to Private Equity, within Private Equity, the ability to borrow large amounts of debt is still difficult, but credit markets have opened up again to some degree. This has driven a pickup of activity, although transaction size remains limited. Pricing of the assets, particularly in the US and Asia, is lower and the number of opportunities is substantial. During the second quarter and through the end of July, we have committed or invested roughly $2.5 billion in new deals. Over the past really 13 months, since the market turmoil began last summer, we have committed 22 new investments in Private Equity and are getting nearly $8 billion of equity capital and this represents a near record pace for any 12-month period in our history. In July alone, we announced the acquisition of the Weather Channel; security firm L.I. Barton; a partnership to build an offshore wind farm in Germany; and a strategic investment in Bayview, a distressed mortgage servicer and fund manager focused on so-called scratch-and-dent subprime mortgages. The Weather Channel is an interesting example of the power of Blackstone's integrated model. It was one of our signature corporate partner deals with General Electric as our partner. Incidentally, this is the sixth time we have worked with General Electric as our partner. Weather Channel is the largest new private equity deal of the year in the US and was done despite the market for subordinated debt being effectively closed because we were able to secure $450 million of mezzanine debt from GSO as well as a portion of the senior debt facility. We've also been investing in our current portfolio of companies where there is an opportunity to do so. We and our partners invested another $500 million in Cosmos, an energy exploration company, which has found meaningful success in its drilling program offshore West Africa. Other follow-on investments are being made in the United Biscuits, Sithe Power, and possibly our theme park business, Merlin, to fund growth and acquisitions. In general, our portfolio in Private Equity continues to perform very well despite economic headwinds. Most of our companies are on or ahead of budget and growth and operating cash flow continues to offset generally lower multiples prevailing in the public market. With solid portfolio company performance and stable long-term capital structures, we are under no pressure to liquidate investments and we are waiting for more favorable market conditions before harvesting our gains. We are expanding our product offering in Private Equity to LPs with two new funds. We have hired fantastic teams to lead us in the two new businesses, one to focus on US and European developed infrastructure and one to focus on clean tech and renewable energy. Fundraising for both of these new businesses will commence later this year. We also announced this week the opening of a new office in Beijing. Turning to Real Estate, throughout the downturn, the real estate market has lagged the corporate cycle. The financing markets close later and deal volumes there turn down with the delay. While there has been a recent pickup in activity of financing and deal flow at lower prices in the corporate sector, US real estate markets remain slow, with credit markets essentially closed. In addition, prices have adjusted but not yet to the degree we believe they will. Our strategy in this environment is to wait for sellers to adjust their expectations to the new reality or have their hands forced by their own liquidity crises. Our real estate funds are young and we can afford to be patient. Our Real Estate business is exceedingly well positioned. In the last several years, we have avoided making virtually any investments in the residential space or in development deals. Our portfolio companies and our portfolio investment balance sheets are strong with no material near-term maturities and we have a large amount of available capital. The asset base we own is extremely high quality. The fundamentals in our portfolio are well ahead of those in the broader landscape, even though we see and expect further moderation of recent growth trends. Largely, this has to do with the fact that we focus on purchasing really high quality properties in strong supply-constrained markets. As an example, our office holdings in Boston, Manhattan, West Los Angeles and Northern California continue to roll leases over at higher rents than are in place today, and therefore, operating cash flows are increasing despite soft market fundamentals. Supply in these markets is also, new supply, is also almost nonexistent. Hilton, our biggest equity investment, had double-digit EBITDA growth in the second quarter and for the year to date versus reports of declining EBITDA at its competitors. The difference we believe relates to the tremendous strength of Hilton internationally, due to the fact that its own locations are irreplaceable, things like the Waldorf here in New York, and to the growth of the franchise business, which continues very strong. In other parts of the hotel market, we are seeing weakness in resort travel destinations, such as Fort Lauderdale, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii, as well as suburban business hotels around the US. We have lowered the carrying values of some of these assets. Europe is slowing but still exhibiting stronger growth than the US. Generally, though, our Real Estate business remains extremely well positioned, having sold over $40 billion of assets at peak prices last year and having almost no exposure to the residential sector. Within Real Estate, we have commenced the operation of a new distressed debt fund run by Mike Nash. The flow of interesting opportunities to buy real estate debt securities is huge right now, many promising equity-like returns. We're also in the final stages of a very successful fundraising for our third international real estate fund. To date, we have closed on approximately $3 billion for this BREP Europe III. Turning to our MAAM segment for a moment, that's our Marketable Alternatives business, the largest pieces of that are BAAM, our hedge fund, fund of funds, and GSO, our credit platform. At a time when the industry is experiencing outflows, BAAM continues to gather assets. At quarter-end, BAAM's AUMs were up 40% year over year to $31 billion. With an 8% growth in the last quarter alone, the momentum continues unabated even in the current environment. BAAM now manages money for over 100 public and private pension funds and 8 sovereign wealth and monetary authority funds. BAAM recently won the 2008 Institutional Firm of the Year award from InvestHedge and the 2008 Institutional Manager of the Year award from Alternative Investment News. BAAM's approach to capital preservation with uncorrelated returns provides welcome shelter to many investors from the decline and volatility of the broader market averages and we believe this is what's continuing to fuel the AUM growth. For GSO, this is for them a fantastic period. GSO is performing well and continuing to gather assets. It has raised almost $5 billion of new capital this year, including four new CLOs. We believe we are one of the very few firms who have the investor following to be able to raise new CLOs in this market, which is testimony to our franchise and credit capabilities in this area. There have been other unique opportunities created by the debt market's dislocation. Portfolio trades and bank debt through our credit liquidity funds and other funds have allowed us to buy three large portfolios of leveraged loans last quarter, aggregating $7.8 billion from the original underwriters whose syndication of these transactions was caught in the market downdraft. Generally, these trades have been done at prices of about $0.85 on the dollar, long-term financing from the sellers of 75% to 80% of the purchase price. We expect these transactions to generate 20% to 30% returns, with very low risk loss of principal. GSO also closed on its new mezzanine fund last quarter, reaching its cap of $2 billion of total commitments. The timing of this fund is propitious, as they're awash in opportunities because the public market for subordinated debt is effectively shut down. Typical mezz terms today deliver 14% to 15% yields, with a cushion of 40% to 50% of the enterprise value of the company underneath you in equity. The combined buying power of the mezz fund in conjunction with its core hedge fund makes GSO one of the top few mezz players in the world. There are very few competitors who can fund the large-scale deals that GSO can today. The GSO credit opportunity hedge fund continues to thrive as well, with strong performance relative to its peer group by any measure. GSO has ambitious plans to expand its business. Most recently, we opened a Hong Kong office under Tim Donahue, who ran leverage finance and fixed income proprietary trading in Asia for JP Morgan. GSO has also commenced raising a mortgage fund run by Najib Canaan and his team from Brevan Howard. Within our other single manager hedge fund businesses, we hired Aaron Nieman from SAC to launch an Asian Equities Event Fund. He has hired his team and opened an office in Hong Kong and is in the process of fundraising. We expect his fund to launch early in 2009. In our Advisory segment, business remains strong across our groups, those being restructuring, M&A, and fund placement. Within restructuring, we expect 2008 to be a record year and looking at the fundamentals in the US and Europe, I'm sorry to say we don't see a slowdown in this business anytime soon. With the economic and financing backdrop we have currently, rescue financing is scarce and defaults are rising. This is a great environment for the restructuring group. They have expanded into Europe under the leadership of Martin Gudgeon and have already built one of the leading practices there. Recent assignments include representing SIM Group and its bankruptcy, Northern Rock in the UK, and Excel Capital here. We've seen a dramatic pickup in the activity for financial institutions, particularly in the US and the UK as these institutions reassess their strategies, consider their balance sheet options and need restructuring advice. In M&A, closed deals were down along with the market. However, the nature of the business has changed in the last few months, with more hostiles, more companies moving to consolidate their strategic objectives in what is viewed as an accommodating anti-trust environment and more divestitures from companies with credit issues. In the pipeline, we see an increase in hostiles among big-cap corporate, which we would expect to flow through to revenues over the next 6 to 12 months. Some of our most visible pipeline deals, like Microsoft's effort to acquire Yahoo, may not happen. Nevertheless, backlog remains strong in our M&A business. We continue to build out our footprint. We recently added an SMD, a partner, to cover West Coast Technology and an SMD in New York to broaden our Financial Services coverage. We've also filled out our European M&A team and we anticipate opening in Asia our M&A presence later this year or early next. Finally, our fund placement business is having a robust year with many marquee assignments, including fundraising for leading private equity firms, investment banks who want to start private equity and other alternative businesses, energy capital, and various others. So they're having a great year there. I would say that the difficult fundraising environment for LPs is actually helping our fund placement business. In sum, I am pleased with our performance across all of our businesses and the growing number of products and services we can provide to LPs and clients. The market dislocation is providing many exciting new investment opportunities. Historically, our largest returns have come from periods of market turmoil. It is these opportunities which provide the seeds for robust gains to be harvested in future years. I thank you for your time and we'd be happy to take your questions now. Operator, why don't you open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Roger Freeman representing Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Roger Freeman: Hi, good morning, Tony. Within the private equity business, can you help us think about the contribution to marks during the quarter? Obviously, there's continued improvement, as you pointed out, in underlying portfolio companies, I guess, measured in EBITDA terms, there is also probably valuation declines from a market standpoint. Can you maybe help us parse that out a bit and think about what that sort of market negative contribution was and what the operating improvement positive contribution was?
Tony James: Well, I don't actually have that broken down by separately, so maybe you can work with Joan after the call and get some more color on that. But, in general, they sort of offset. I guess the bottom line there is that our portfolio is doing really well and obviously the market was soft and we saw that particularly in the public securities. Our private investments, we take a little bit longer-term view, a little bit more of a net present value view. We tend to use long-term exit multiples. We re-underwrite every company every quarter with their projections. We've just been through an intensive analysis of that and I feel very good that our marks are appropriately conservative shall we say.
Roger Freeman: Got it, okay.
Joan Solotar: And also, can I just  let me just add something to that, which is, as we talked about last quarter, the market may be up or down 10% and our movements would likely be much more muted than that, first. And then, second, just to use Hilton as the example, the market comps are down but their EBITDA is also down double digit, whereas for Hilton it was actually up double digit. So it's very hard to just look at the market and make that assessment.
Roger Freeman: Got it. Okay. And then, I mean, within real estate, the marks sounds like are primarily around some of the lodging, investments in the hotels?
Tony James: Yes. it's actually a pretty similar pattern in the sense that the operating cash flow is growing at our properties, but we've increased the cap rates in some places. And in other places, a couple of  sort of the hotel markets that I highlighted, the RevPARs are weakening there, so we've actually reduced our projections.
Roger Freeman: Okay. And I guess around the capital commitment rates this past quarter continued to be another strong one. I guess, can you talk to, geographically, I mean we sort of see some of the pieces that have gotten reported, but sort of geographically how that has spread out. I think you said a quarter ago more than half of it was Asia.
Tony James: The most active region recently has been the United States by a lot because I think sellers' expectations have suddenly ratcheted down. The least active remains Europe because prices are still pretty high there and we've been anticipating Europe to lag the US but follow it down in terms of economic activity. I think with Germany's announcement of a down 1% GNP just this morning that's starting to happen. I think when that happens, European price expectations will come down, but in the meantime we're waiting patiently on the sidelines for that to happen. Asia, as you probably know, Roger, the stock prices are down 40%, 50% from their peaks. And while there's definitely slower growth, there is still definitely quite positive growth there. So we're finding some interesting things to do in Asia as well.
Roger Freeman: It seems like there's maybe some concentration around energy in some of the announced deals. Is that a fair assessment, energy and alternative energy?
Tony James: Yes. It's kind of lumpy. Because when you're talking about five deals or whatever it is, it's kind of lumpy. But you're right, that's a good observation. We have announced a couple of energy deals lately and we continue to  I think we're close to a couple more announcements in that same sector. We've got a very, very active flow of interesting energy transactions right now.
Roger Freeman: Okay. Lastly, I'll jump back in the queue, what do you think about some of the proposed real changes around private equity, being able to take larger positions in financial institutions like banks, has that been a constraining factor for you today?
Tony James: It's been an issue because what we do when we invest in the companies is we need the ability to materially improve their operations. We don't live  a fund our size doesn't live off finding things that the markets overlooked. The markets are too efficient for that given our scale. Maybe small funds could live off that stuff, but we can't. So we have to pay market clearing prices for quality assets and the only way we can make our return is to get in there, upgrade the management team and help that new management team run its company better. That is, grow it faster, increase its margins, and increase its return on capital. It's really hard to do that if you're constrained by Federal law to a 24.9% position and there are lots of other constraints on your ability to influence operations. So I think if the government addressed that it would help the flow of private equity into financial institutions. And I think you're going to need  I think, as an economy, we will all need as much equity capital flowing into, particularly the smaller and regional banks, as possible. I mean it's great for the money center banks to have the sovereign wealth funds making major investments and so on. They have wonderful brand names and wonderful franchises and so on, but it's going to be much harder for the regional banks to appeal to that type of investor. And I would also note that of the dozens of transactions that have been done most of them, most of the investors, are under water. I think at some point that flow of capital to financial institutions will dry up and we'll still have  and we have most of, I believe, most of the issues for regional banks, in terms of defaults and credit problems, still ahead of us. So I think, maybe I'm giving an advertisement for our own business, but I think that the economy would be well suited to find ways to bring private capital, private equity capital, into the financial sector.
Roger Freeman: All right. Thanks, a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Hojoon Lee representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Hojoon Lee: Good morning. Could you remind us again what happens to the fee rate on BCP V once that's largely invested and you have a first closing on BCP VI?
Tony James: Sure.
Hojoon Lee: Would it drop down to 75 BPs?
Tony James: Simply put, yes, but I just want to clarify the question a little bit. It's not when we have a first closing of BCP VI, we've had a first closing of BCP VI. It's when the investment period for BCP V ends. And that ends usually when we're about 90% invested, because we reserve about 10%. We have some flexibility as to decide how much to reserve and we might reserve a little more or a little less than that. So right now we're having a series of closings, as I mentioned before, of BCP VI, but the investment period is still running for BCP V. So what that means is we have the full fee rate for BCP V and we're getting no fees on BCP VI yet, on any of that money, and that money is not included in our AUM either for that reason, even though we've closed on it. And then, you're right, when the investment period for BCP V ends and we start investing in BCP VI, the fee rate drops down to about 75 basis points.
Hojoon Lee: Great, thanks. And in terms of the investment pace in real estate in this environment, can you help us bracket kind of where you're seeing opportunities in terms of geographies or types of assets and how we should think about capital invested in the second half versus first half '08?
Tony James: Well, I think the main message should be it is very quiet right now in our main fund. Most of the activity that we're close to has occurred recently in Europe or Asia. But in the US, we're really sitting on the sidelines right now because we just think the prices are going to come down and anything we could buy now will be cheaper later. And we've looked at a couple of things with distressed sellers or people running out of money and I think to the extent you see us doing things over the  I hate to pick a particular time, but as long as this present environment continues, it will be investing in distressed properties or with distressed sellers who have capital crises.
Hojoon Lee: Okay. And just a final question, with respect to the common units covered by your recent registration statement, I believe some units can be transferred and sold after August 12; I just want to understand will these units also be covered by the 120 priority distribution through 2009?
Joan Solotar: No, they won't be.
Hojoon Lee: Okay, thank you.
Tony James: Well, no, no, any unit held by a public holder will get the priority distribution, absolutely.
Joan Solotar: But if a partner were to sell those units in exchange for common units, he or she would not receive the 
Tony James: So, if an employee  it's a question of who the holder is, if an employee holds it, they have no guarantee.
Hojoon Lee: Right.
Tony James: If a member of the public holds it, they have the guarantee.
Hojoon Lee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Prashant Bhatia representing Citi. Please proceed.
Prashant Bhatia: Hi. Just curious, with your comments about the economy being slow until potentially early '10, what do you look for to kind of mark the turn or what do you look for to make  when you feel it's safe to go in and put capital to work and how do you balance not being too early, but not missing the opportunity either?
Tony James: Well, Prashant that is the question that we sit there and talk about day in, day out and toss and turn all night over. And, obviously, in private equity, we've made a bet that for some of these companies that we're buying, we're somewhere near the bottom and it's a good time to jump in with serious capital. We've put a lot of private equity to work here recently. With real estate, we've made the opposite decision. We've made a very conscious decision to wait and let things fall further. So, for example, in private equity, we're purchasing a company called Apria. We think it's a health care business, so we think it's not inherently a cyclical business so we're not as worried about what an economy does to it. It delivers oxygen and fusion in the home to patients. If you need that, you need it, regardless of where the economy is. In fact if the economy gets really bad, I think more of us will need it. So we've looked at this company three times. We started looking at it when the price was in the 30's, well into the 30's, and couldn't quite get there, and then at the high 20's. And we got a deal to buy it at 21, which is less than 6 times EBITDA and I think we see a lot of upside potential for the business. So what we're looking for is we're relying on our sense for not so much, for an investment like that, not so much calling the turn, because that is hard, as you all know, as our sense for absolute value, first of all. So we look at a very long context. To us, a company like Apria, with the prospects it has looks cheap taking a 20-year view. So we think we'll be okay in the long term on that. And the other thing we're looking for with a company like Apria is the ability to bring our portfolio operations team in there and actually create a lot of value and that gives us some control over our own destiny, if you will, not just dependent on market cycles or economic cycles. With other businesses, like cyclicals, those you've got to actually make a call about the economy. Those are different kinds of investing and we did a lot of that in 2002 where the investment committee got together and decided it was just a great time to be loading up on big chunky industrial assets that are cyclical, I think we were about the first private equity firm to get back into the market in a big way and that proves to be a really good bet as well. We don't see that yet and we don't really have to figure out when it will be in the future, we just have to feel it when it starts to happen, if you will. So we're taking that sort of month to month or day to day. I suspect that we will be looking more at those kinds of investments in '09. You never quite get to the bottom, of course, nor do you have to if you get somewhere near there because we're buying assets that we're going to hold for five-plus years and so sometimes we'll be a little early and sometimes we'll be a little late, but it doesn't really matter if we're somewhere near the bottom in the context of a five-year hold with a good company and where we can add value as long as we exit somewhere near the top. So we don't try to pick it perfectly. You can't do that in private equity. You can't move quick enough. In a public market, of course, you can. You can buy 100 shares at the drop of a hat but you clearly can't do that with whole companies.
Prashant Bhatia: Right. I guess one of the things I'm trying to get at is there something that you see within the 50 or so portfolio of companies is that what helps give you an edge on, at least, calling the economy what you're seeing?
Tony James: Well, oh yes, we have our special little Blackstone leading indicators that we look at. For example, tonnage of trash collected by Allied Waste has been very, very highly correlated over the years to general economic activity. And so if their tonnage is down, it's a simple calculation of the amount of garbage they pick up. So we look at those things. We look very hard with our companies in terms of prices, supply lead times, inventory levels, and all of that, and we get together quarterly, and this is run by our Portfolio Operations Group too, and they give us a picture that comes from inside the portfolio company looking at those kinds of things. Is that a perfect crystal ball, no?
Prashant Bhatia: Okay.
Tony James: But we think it's helpful.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay, great. And just on the fundraising environment and LP appetite, do LPs in general, get more nervous in this environment or do you find there's even a greater desire to put capital to work here?
Tony James: Well, I think all human beings get more nervous in this environment, LPs included. We have, I think, compelling data, and it's not even our data, it is industry data that shows this is the best time to be throwing incremental capital into the private equity and alternative space. And, frankly, the worst times are things like late '06, early '07, the peaks. Yet, notwithstanding all that, the easiest time to raise money is late '06, early '07, and the hardest times are environments like this. It's been like that since the industry started in the early '80s.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. Okay, and then just on the deals that you have done, just curious about the board of director dynamics in this new environment. Are they more willing to accept deals where financing may not be guaranteed or some of the MAC clauses and so on or is that changing or is that more going to take time?
Tony James: Well, that's an interesting question. I think there is still a lot of variety on that. Some boards, it is sort of the attitude is very similar to the pre-meltdown approach and other boards are, frankly, very wary about what they've read about deals falling apart, financing not being there, and one thing and another. So there's not a consistent pattern. But at the end of the day, we're not finding that an impediment to getting deals done.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. Any interest in bulk asset purchases like we've seen out of BlackRock, and more recently, Merrill Lynch-type transactions?
Tony James: Yes. We've done a lot of that.
Prashant Bhatia: I guess outside of the leveraged loan side, I was thinking more on the mortgage side.
Tony James: Yes. We're in discussions with several institutions about mortgages now around our mortgage team because we have our mortgage team run by Najib from Brevan Howard and we're in discussions with several institutions now. We have a lot of interest in that at the right price and with the right terms.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay. And just one final question, the returns in your fund of funds business, where are they year to date?
Tony James: They're about flat year-to-date. Yes, about flat. They have a lot of different products, so it's a little hard to give you one index, but about flat is fair.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay.
Tony James: I think, if I had to pick a number, it would be sort of down, a little over 1%.
Prashant Bhatia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon representing Jefferies. Please proceed.
Dan Fannon: Hi and thanks for taking my questions. Can you, Joan, I think you mentioned at the outset you moved one private equity fund up 1% and I think another one down 1%, and the overall portfolio is down a certain amount. Can we just get a little bit more specific in terms of which funds and then maybe which areas of industry or investments are underperforming?
Joan Solotar: Yes. I wasn't speaking about specific funds, so I was saying, in general, we had moved down 1%. But because some portion of that was in a fund that didn't have carry to reverse, the offset was that in another fund where we accrued positive carry that's what flowed through to the income statement. So, just to explain further, if you have a new fund and you have an investment and you lower the carrying value, you have an accrued carry to reverse. And it's not that we would pay the LPs back carry. So there's no negative that flows through on the incentive fee line. Where you'll see it is in our investment income line, which was negative in Private Equity.
Tony James: Yes. For the life of a fund, you can't have negative carry net/net; it can only be positive that is one of the beauties of our business. And the only way we get markdowns of carrying a fund is if we previously marked it up. So, obviously, we mark our investments to market rigorously each quarter. We have outside parties review the investments and so on and so forth. So when we  so if you  but our newer funds, where you don't necessarily  you haven't marked up any carry yet, even if you have some investments you mark down, there's no negative there. Some of our older funds, where you have more mature investments, those companies might be doing good things and driving increased value through operational improvement and we could have pick up some carry. So it's kind of a confused picture because we have a lot of funds and they don't always net the way you expect.
Dan Fannon: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of your guys backlog and what you're seeing today, can we talk about that in comparison to, say, what you saw in the first quarter and then also maybe a year ago in terms of the overall environment, and then your rates of return that you look to get on some of these investments?
Tony James: Okay. Are you talking about Private Equity, Dan?
Dan Fannon: Yes.
Tony James: Okay. In Private Equity, the backlog is up dramatically. We have a real circuit of very interesting investments where the returns are higher than they've  the returns we're shooting for and underwriting and getting are higher than they've been in several years. And the purchase prices are lower and the assumed economic environment in which our companies will operate is quite conservative. So very, very big backlog in private equity, way up where it was a year ago, way up where it was last quarter.
Dan Fannon: Okay. In the Asset Management side, the portfolio, you talked about three large portfolios you guys purchased for about I think $7.8 billion in size, it was in the first quarter, how did that perform just in the  I know it's a short time period and you guys give a much longer term horizon, but how did that perform 
Tony James: We purchased it in the second quarter, Dan, actually. and it's up 20% so far.
Dan Fannon: Okay, great, alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Guy Moszkowski representing Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Patrick Davitt: Good morning. It's actually Patrick Davitt filling in. We're curious if there are actually any areas globally where you may be seeing an opportunity to start harvesting investments or are we really just in a kind of a global holding pattern?
Tony James: I think we're pretty much in a global holding pattern. The premise of your question a little bit is the opportunity to harvest. We could harvest now, but our attitude is we're supposed to wait and pick the absolute peak, not just harvest when it's acceptable, if you follow me. And it's very hard to right now finding those sort of frenzied over-priced environments into which we like to harvest.
Patrick Davitt: Right.
Tony James: There are the occasional investments we harvest and sometimes we're approached by a strategic investor and things like that. It's more we're more reacting to an opportunity that falls into our lap rather than going and seeking one.
Patrick Davitt: Okay, thanks. And you didn't really mention the pure hedge fund business. I know it's still small, but any idea on how the performance is going there and any investor interest and inflows?
Tony James: Well, I think I mentioned that, or if I didn't, I should have. We are out raising the Asian Event Fund.
Patrick Davitt: Right, right.
Tony James: And we're, for the most part  and GSO is gathering assets in its hedge fund. There's considerable investor interest in putting money in the debt markets right now. There's not that much interest, investor interest, in putting money into those traditional long-short equities. Our performance, year to date on that product, has been quite good. We're up year to date in that product nicely. But investors are I think a little jumpy. We have a three year lock. When people come they want  most investors kind of want to keep their liquidity and wait for things to feel better before they make a long-term commitment. So that business, we're obviously growing assets under management through the appreciation of the fund, but we're not anticipating  we've been closed in that investment for six months and we're not anticipating reopening to new investors in the environment just because we don't just think it's a fairly fruitful use of time as much as anything.
Patrick Davitt: Okay. And could you give us an idea of how much of the performance fee in Private Equity was driven by the realization of something like a Gerresheimer?
Tony James: Boy, I wouldn't know that off the top of my head.
Patrick Davitt: Okay.
Tony James: It's very small.
Patrick Davitt: Very small?
Tony James: Even though Gerresheimer was a 7-to-1 return, we had marked it up already, so the increment wasn't much at all. So I would say 
Patrick Davitt: So it really just drives more on the cash side not so much on the ENI side?
Tony James: Correct.
Patrick Davitt: Yes, okay. Okay.
Tony James: That's right. It doesn't affect ENI, but it does convert  but it all flows to cash.
Patrick Davitt: Right, exactly. Okay. And then just real quick, why would you not have a compensation reversal in Real Estate with the negative revenues like you did in Private Equity last quarter? Is there some kind of loss threshold you have to meet first or 
Mike Puglisi: No. What happened in that particular case was it really gets back to the investments to which it related?
Patrick Davitt: Okay.
Mike Puglisi: And in this case it was all of that depreciation has been ascribed to the public company, or the lion's share of it. And, therefore, it was really just the public company that we were reversing. It didn't apply to individuals, because they originally didn't share when it was written up. It wasn't part of their share of the profits, it was on older deals that were contributed into the public company and so it was those investments that were written up that are subsequently again being now written down.
Patrick Davitt: Okay. Okay. Perfect.
Joan Solotar: Just to explain, when carry has been paid out, the public doesn't share in that reversal. That just hits the employees who had previously been paid. But this was different from that. So last quarter in Private Equity you had negative carry because we were accruing in the event of a claw-back. And that wasn't the case in this quarter.
Patrick Davitt: Right. Okay, alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Jackson Turner representing Argus Research. Please proceed.
Jackson Turner: Good afternoon. I just have a quick couple of questions for you. On private equity, I believe it was Tony who mentioned that deals are smaller than they had been. I'm just curious, is that leading to a higher number of interested parties in doing the deals? It would seem like as things get smaller you're going to start bringing in companies like BDCs and that sort of thing that would be able to participate in those transactions. And then the other one is on the Asian Event Fund, which I believe you referred to in a presentation from June as the Asia-Pacific Fund. Your target launch was November 2008 and, if I'm correct, now you're saying early 2009, just curious if that is just because fundraising is taking longer or is there something else going on there? Thanks.
Tony James: Okay. First of all, no, we're not seeing any  smaller deals, what I'm talking about there are no deals over $20 billion, about the largest today is $5 billion, but plenty of deals over $1 billion. So you're still talking about only large-cap players, let's just be clear about it. It's just not the true mega deals that we saw before. And we're actually seeing less competition, in general, both because other people are gun shy, maybe wisely, we'll see, or focused on problems in their portfolio, which, knock wood, so far we've been blessed by not having a lot. So we don't see a lot of competition from extraneous sources, so to speak. We do see more competition today from strategics than we saw in '06 and '07. And I think the strategics really view  they have access to capital still because investment grade markets are not near as stressed and rates are quite low actually. And so their costs essentially may have gone down. And, as I mentioned, a lot of them view that there's a pretty benign anti-trust environment that they ought to take advantage of, and their target stock price is way down off over where it was. So for that combination of reasons, strategics suddenly got much more active. So we see more competition, in general, from strategics than what we saw before but less from financials shall we say. With respect to Aaron's fund, no, there's been no change in our target date. Fundraising seems to be going well.
Jackson Turner: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: With no further questions in queue, I would now like to turn the call back to Ms. Joan Solotar for closing remarks.
Joan Solotar: Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for joining the call and, again, please feel free to call me with any follow-up questions.
Tony James: Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 11:00:00) =====
PS Business Parks, Inc. (PSB)Q1 2008 Earnings Call TranscriptMay 6, 2008 1:00 am ETExecutives Ed Stokx  EVP and CFOJoe Russell  President and CEOJohn Petersen  EVP and COOAnalysts Craig Mellon [ph]  KeyBanc CapitalJordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital ManagementIrwin Guzman  CitigroupMichael Mueller  JPMorganChris Lucas  Robert W. BairdDavid Cohen  Morgan StanleyStuart Seeley  Morgan StanleyOperator Good morning, my name is Sam and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter 2008 investor conference call. All lines are placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Stokx, you may begin your conference.Ed Stokx Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for the first quarter 2008 PS Business Parks investor conference call. I'm Ed Stokx, CFO of the company. And with me are Joe Russell, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Petersen, Chief Operating Officer.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that all statements other than statements of historical fact included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks' control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks' forward-looking statements, please refer to the reports filed by the company's with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release which can be found on our Web site. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe.Joe Russell Thank you, Ed. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I will give you a brief overview of our first quarter results along with some perspective on how the economy seems to be affecting PSB's markets and our tenant base. I will touch briefly on our capital position and what we are seeing in the investment arena, and then I will let JP and Ed go into more specifics on the operations and financial performance. In the first quarter, FFO on a comparative basis was up 7.8% and occupancy improved by 110 basis points to 94.3% on a Same Park basis. We were pleased to capture over 1.5 million square feet in lease transactions, a higher level than we typically produce. Demand for our product was widespread, a validation of the diversified economies most of our markets provide. Consistent with recent trends, vibrancy is most evident among users that are looking for or renewing space in smaller increments. 93% of leasing transactions were below 10,000 square feet. Large users are often commanding more onerous terms and have the ability to negotiate their space requirements over a longer process, which can give them the upper hand as deal volume slows. Still, we have taken note that most tenants are being more cautious and deliberate in their real estate decisions as they try to interpret what impact the economic slowdown may have on their businesses. One positive consequence to this caution is an ability to retain existing customers as they look to contain costs whether tied to expansions, relocation fees and the like. To a degree, this facilitated higher than average customer retention for the quarter, which was 67%. We like other landlords are trying to assess today's economic landscape and how the economy will affect business demand for our type of real estates. Unlike recent downturns, many of our markets remain in relatively good shape with a mixture of positive absorption and limited spec construction of multi-tenant flex, office and industrial product. While still recognizing the weight of spec Class A office available in Orange County and the Dulles corridor, there is nominal amount of competitive construction taking place in PSB's other markets. Event more importantly, there is a lack of small tenant product that poses a competitive threat to our flex industrial or office product. JP will take you through specific market trends, but we have been pleased by the resiliency most of our markets are displaying. Beyond these factors, the diversity within our nearly 4000 customers combined with the flexible use our buildings provide allows us to capture a wide array of users. This facilitates our ability to outperform markets even with weakening economic conditions.Having a decentralized market focus team leasing and managing our own assets is once again proving to be a difference maker, as this structure facilitates our ability to be nimble and decisive. These tactics have proven to be extremely beneficial in prior downturns and we are confident in our ability to drive results with this decentralized operating platform. The investment arena remains quiet with limited volume of transactions as the availability of capital remain scarce and the cost of capital continues to rise. Outside of stock repurchases, no investments took place in the quarter and the volume of for-sale assets entering the market is light. PSB's capital structure is solid with approximately $37 million in cash combined with industry low payout ratios, producing nearly $11 million in free cash for the quarter. We continue to assess a variety of alternative investments and like the position of being a standout buyer with an unusually strong balance sheet. I'd like it to conclude my remarks by taking note of PS Business Parks' tenth anniversary of being a public entity. Over this decade, we have seen tremendous growth in the company and delivered strong shareholder returns. Today, PSB owns over 70 concentrated multi-tenant flex, office and industrial parks in 12 markets, totaling approximately 20 million square feet. Over this decade, our stockholders have seen a return on their investment of 232% compared to the NAREIT Equity Index of 175% and 61% for the S&P 500. We appreciate your investment in the company and look forward to delivering exceptional results as we embark on our second decade. Now, I will turn the call over to JP.John Petersen Thank you, Joe. I will start with an overview of market conditions. Overall, deal activity and volume was fairly consistent in Q1 across all our markets. Construction is still modest for our product type and net absorption was positive or nearly flat in all of our markets except for Orange County. Orange County had over 1 million square feet of negative net absorption in the quarter primarily in the Class A office within the airport sub market. However, industrial vacancy in Orange County is tight at 2.8%. We were pleased to see that Northern Virginia had over 900,000 square feet of positive absorption, but we are still concerned with the over 4 million square feet of new Class A office construction coming online in that market. Tour velocity across the portfolio has slowed somewhat and deals are taking longer to close as customers focus on their core operations, thus waiting to make real estate decisions until they have to. In summary, the diversified low barrier markets where assets are located held up well. Total company occupancies slipped by 20 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2007 primarily due to a number of year-end lease expirations, which are typical for the portfolio. In Maryland, occupancy fell 380 basis points to 90.7% due primarily to the loss of one tenant. Phoenix lost 260 basis points to 87.4% and Austin lost 170 basis points to 95.7%. Orange County lost 40 basis points but maintains occupancy of 93.8%. Of these declines, Phoenix is the only market where the decrease is beyond normal ebbs and flows to our portfolio and is largely the result of the slowing housing economy. On the plus side, we were able to grow occupancy in Northern Virginia by 90 basis points to a very strong 96.8%. Occupancy increase in San Diego by 90 basis points to 97% and Dallas once again was a strong performer taking occupancy up 200 basis points to 93.1%. Seattle continued to improve getting to 93.3%, up 210 basis points from Q4 2007. In part, because of the balanced market conditions, we were able to have a solid quarter in terms of leasing production. A total of 372 transactions were completed totaling over 1.5 million square feet. Average deal size was 4100 square feet, up from our 2007 average of 3200 square feet primarily due to a few larger leases over 20,000 square feet signed in the quarter. These larger deals also take the average term out slightly to 3.7 years for the quarter from the 3.4 years averaged in 2007. Overall weighted rents were up slightly over expiring rents by 0.3%. As far as specific rental rate growth in the quarter, new rents grew over expiring rents in 10 of our 12 markets. Only Maryland down 17.1% and Portland down 2.5% declined in the quarter. Maryland rents fell as a result of 43,000 square-foot transaction which replaced a long standing government lease that expired. Excluding this one transaction, overall company rents grew by 3.5%. We saw improvement in Seattle with rents up 12.4%, Los Angeles up 10.9%, Miami up 8% and Orange County improving by 4.2%. Retention was 67% for the quarter and our customer focus continues to pay off. Our Washington D.C. metro team led the way at 86%, northern California and Portland both came in at 69% and Florida was 67%. As I mentioned, we are focusing on retention and getting to our customers lease expirations early. With the leases completing in Q1, 14% of the portfolio rents are set to expire over the next three quarters. This is a typical run rate and our teams are aggressively targeting early renewals where possible. In terms of product types, nearly three-quarters of our remaining 2008 expirations are current or active and versus [ph] our flex properties, 21% in our office portfolio, and 6.9% in industrial properties. Now, I will turn the call over to Ed.Ed Stokx Thank you JP. FFO per share was $1.10 for the quarter, an increase of 7.8% from the $1.02 reported in the first quarter of 2007. On a comparative basis, Same Park NOI increased 2.7%. Revenue increased by 3.5% over the first quarter of 2007 as a result of increases in both occupancy and average realized rental rates. Expenses for the first quarter were 5.3% higher than the same period of 2007. The increase in operating expenses was driven by property taxes and repairs and maintenance. In addition, we incurred a slightly higher level of marketing costs associated with upfront marketing efforts and the timing of certain marketing events. The increase in operating expenses contributed to our gross margin declining slightly to 68% for the quarter. While the margin was lower than it has been in 2007, we typically report lower margins in the first quarter due to the timing of certain costs including certain seasonal costs such as snow removal. With uncertainty in the economy, we continue to monitor our tenants' ability to meet their lease obligations. During the quarter, our write-off of uncollectible balances was consistent with the average quarterly write-offs in 2007, representing approximately 0.25% of revenues. We have 134,000 square-foot tenant in northern California who has from time to time been in default on their lease and is currently delinquent on their rent obligation for May. We hold a sizable security deposit on their lease and continue to work with them in an effort to cure the default. Collectively, we feel comfortable with our reserve for potential uncollectible AR balances. Recurring capital expenditures for the three months ended March 31, 2008 were $8.7 million compared to $7.3 million for the same period of 2007. The level of recurring capital expenditures will vary from quarter to quarter depending on the volume and timing of leasing activity and the level of transaction costs by product type combined with the nature of ongoing capital projects. Free cash after distributions to our investors for the quarter was $10.8 million. We continue to have near industry low payout ratios with an FFO payout ratio of 39.9% and an FAD payout ratio of 53.1%. As previously discussed, during the first quarter, we repurchased 370,000 shares of the company's common stock for an aggregate cost of $18.3 million. We have authorization to acquire an additional 2.2 million shares. Before we open the call for questions, I would like to briefly touch on the strength of our balance sheet. With a leverage ratio of 37.7% at the end of the first quarter comprised of 811 million of preferred equity at an average rate of 7.2% and just 2.6% of mortgage debt and a fixed charge coverage ratio of 3 times, we have significant capacity within our capital structure which positions us well for a variety of investment alternatives. With that, we will open the call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Management.Craig Mellon  KeyBanc Capital Hi, it's Craig Mellon [ph] here for Jordan. Looking at your leased rate at the end of the quarter and looking at the total lease space versus the amount of square footage you have, it looks like that's up about 100 basis points sequentially. Is that a good reason to what you are seeing across your portfolio in terms of the leasing activity?Joe Russell I'm not sure I understand your question. Are you questioning the level of activity?Craig Mellon  KeyBanc Capital Is the 100 basis points in your leased rate, I know you guys typically look at it in terms of occupancy but we were just backing into it, is that pretty indicative of the activity you are continuing to see that we might see that lease rate continue to tick up?John Petersen Well, I'm not sure I exactly understand, but it's hard to say relative to this lease rate you are backing into, but as you mentioned relative to occupancy, occupancy for the most part was stable during the quarter and we saw growth in some markets and in a couple of markets a decline, so that's not unusual for us.Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital JP, it is Jordan. We noticed that leased space sequentially was up 100 basis points. So, we were curious to know if you guys were filling up a bit more as you made your way through the quarter, if that kind of continued into the second quarter. Is that indicative of sort of what the portfolio is seeing, or is occupancy not moving in that direction, it's more stable?John Petersen Well, as you noted, the occupancy was fairly stable and I said before it is stable. And we are aggressively targeting early renewals. We are aggressively trying to market our vacant spaces, everyone is. But, we were pleased with the level of activity and the occupancy gains we realized in some markets. So, yes, I think it was a good quarter for us. Did that help, Jordan?Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Yes. Just one other quick question, what was your cash balance  what is your current cash balance?Ed Stokx Approximately $37 million.Jordan Sadler  KeyBanc Capital Great, thanks.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Irwin Guzman with Citi.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup Good morning. I was hoping to talk a little bit more about some of the markets specifically where you lost some occupancy. You mentioned that most of it, with the exception of Orange County, was due to sort of just seasonal expirations of stuff at the end of last year. But, in markets like Maryland and Phoenix where you lost some occupancy, how far along are you in re-leasing that space and how sort of what's the lag in some of these markets that you expect?Joe Russell Yes, Irwin, I will start and then JP, you can chime in, if you want to put more color on this. But, as JP mentioned, we had in Maryland a single tenant situation with the primary cause of the downdraft there. That's not untypical for our product type or tenant base in that particular market. And the good news for that market is that it's relatively stable and we continue to see traditional patterns of leasing activity there. And we think we are well positioned in that market, we have got good product type, it's multi-tenant in nature, and we are happy with the outlook going into the rest of the year with the leasing that we are focused on doing there. Phoenix as JP mentioned is a different situation really portfolio-wide. I would say it's one of the toughest markets we have today based on two factors. One is the housing economy and the over-weighted impact that economy has had across the board on a variety of different types of businesses, even businesses that are not even directly related to housing. Combing with  Phoenix has been a market where a fair amount of construction continues to take place on a spec basis. So, that's a different market for us, it's a different way to attack it. The type of product we have in that market is relatively small tenant and it oftentimes requires just not only more tenacity but maybe little bit of re-pricing, and then hopefully some resurgence in the overall economy there. But we will have to wait and see. It is not as well diversified for instance as a Maryland market. And those are two examples of maybe to bookings of what we are dealing with right now.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup And on the CapEx front, you mentioned  you talked about CapEx a little bit, where are your concessions trending generally versus year ago, are you seeing those pick up yet?Joe Russell Well, I mentioned, Irwin, that the most negotiating leverage a tenant has right now is the tenant that is looking for bigger space and primarily in an office arena. So, you will typically see more concessions tied to those type of transactions as those types of transactions get larger. And again, that's not necessarily a new occurrence, but it's one that gets more magnified when market conditions soften in various areas. So, as we talk to you over time, our small tenant portfolio at the end of the day can't command a lot of onerous concessions because when you are dealing, say, with a 5000 or lower square foot space, there aren't a lot of hard improvements you can typically put into a space like that. And because of that, we have a good source of containing transaction costs where it's going to be a little bit more volatile again market-to-market situations when you get into bigger spaces. And again, that will just depend on where we end up doing that kind of leasing.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup Can you just repeat what your rent spends were during the quarter?Joe Russell JP, you want to go through that?Irwin Guzman  Citigroup On the overall portfolio, I just missed that number.John Petersen Sure. The overall portfolio was rent growth at 0.3%. And if you exclude the one deal we did in Maryland, overall company rents grew 3.5%.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup And that's cash mark to market, right?John Petersen Yes. Irwin Guzman  Citigroup One last question, on the bad debt reserves of 300,000, I'm just surprised that that wouldn't have increased versus what you have been accruing every quarter, given where we are and given that arguably you should see a little bit of a loss factor with smaller tenant portfolio. How often do you revisit that assumption and can we expect that to go up a little bit?Ed Stokx We revisited every month and every quarter. As I said in my prepared comments, our write-offs of uncollectible balances were consistent with our quarterly average last year which is about 0.25% of revenues. We are very conservative in terms of how we write off balances when we deem them uncollectible. And then, at the end of each period, we look at balances that have yet to be written off that we think there may be some exposure to. We do that on a very specific watch list basis and compare that to the $300,000 reserve that we have, and that's why you see that being somewhat static because we are fairly conservative in writing the other balances off during the quarter.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup Okay, thank you.Operator (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan A few questions here. First, is there a big difference in the lead time that say a small tenant or large tenant gives you when they are not going to renew a lease?John Petersen It depends obviously on the specific situation, specific space requirements of let's say a larger customer. But typically, yes, a larger customer will give you more notice because they need to do longer term planning for their real estate needs. A smaller 5000 square-foot customer may go right up till the last 30, 60 days before their lease expired before they know what to do. So, but again, it depends generally  especially with the bigger usually on what their realty needs, but overall I think you could say that there is a longer lead time for bigger users.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan So, if it is a month or two for the small tenants, I mean, what's a general lead time for the larger ones, is it six months?John Petersen It's hard to say. It could be anywhere between four months to six to 12 months depending on what they are doing. It really depends.Joe Russell Mike, I think maybe just a little bit more color on that. I think when you start seeing certain markets soften, no surprise tenants become aware of that at all size levels. And some of their negotiating tactics may not even be what you might expect from historical trends coming off maybe a market condition that was a lot tighter where they had to be even more proactive in securing new space. So, in the markets that probably have the more onerous vacancy conditions, a tenant may even be a little bit more cautious and/or may kind of lever that negotiation in a much shorter time frame.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay. And going back to the rent spread question from before, the 3.5% number, how different can that number be when you are looking at the smaller tenants again versus the larger tenants? And is it generally, if you are looking across the board, somewhere in that low single digit positive band or there are pretty significant variances either on the positive side or the negative side?Joe Russell Well, first as JP mentioned, we only had two markets that had negative rent growth, Maryland and that was again dominated by a big tenant lease situation, which completely ties to what we are talking about in the negotiation dynamics that go into larger deals. And then the bulk of our other markets, we have a variety of positive rent spreads. Some are into the double digits and I wouldn't say it's directly tied to one specific size of tenant. But more often than not, as we talk to, we seem to have better leverage on smaller tenants. So, oftentimes, we get a little bit more negotiating power in those situations. But again, it will depend deal to deal and that kind of thing. As I mentioned, we do see more volume in our smaller transactions and we still have in many of our markets, a little bit of an edge in the negotiation tactics we are able to put on the table, when we are sitting down and talking to tenants.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay. And last question, Joe, you mentioned you haven't been seeing a lot of product for acquisitions I guess come across your desk. But, when you do see packages and products available, is the pricing that sellers are asking for, has that improved at all, or not really?Joe Russell I wouldn't say in terms that I think you would expect, Mike, meaning there is still pretty widespread between a seller's expectation and what a market bid may command. There has been some trading and I'm sure you are hearing this from a lot of other firms right now. There is just not a lot of data points yet to say here is the true trend we are dealing with or the true adjustment that has been a result of the cost to capital, availability capital, and those kinds of things. The volume is way down. I mean, it could be anywhere from 60% to 80% lower than where it was a year ago. And we just got to see some more traction out there to say this is really what's happened to both pricing and adjustment on either cap rates or per square foot portfolio buys, that kind of thing. One dynamic we have seen, and again it's still too soon to tell, but a year ago, a big portfolio could actually command a premium, because of the amount of capital out chasing those kinds of deals and it's basically done a 180, where the biggest portfolios, probably have less success factors tied to bidding activity, and again just the amount of capital chasing those kinds of deals. And again, we will have to see how that plays out.Michael Mueller  JPMorgan Okay, thanks.Joe Russell You bet.Operator You have a follow-up question from the line of Irwin Guzman with Citi.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup Hello. I'm just wondering on the  with the smaller tenants you mentioned that they don't have a lot of leverage in terms of concessions or rent, but are you seeing any pushback in terms of the length of the leases that you are signing, particularly in a small tenant base? Are they hesitating more to sign in the traditional five to seven year leases?John Peterson Well, it's a good question. What they are doing for sure is they are taking a little longer. The smaller users or smaller customers are taking a little bit longer to make their decision, trying to decide what to do with their business. So that's definitely a trend we are seeing. In terms of transaction costs and in terms of those items, we still  a lot of our properties as I mentioned are in the low to mid 90% occupied. And so that does give us some leverage in negotiating with these guys. We are able to be pushed term where we want to. But, still our average term was 3.7 years for the quarter. So our smaller guys aren't signing typically seven year terms. Those are mostly the larger customers.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup And what percentage of your in-place leases are month to month, if any, and has that number changed in the last couple of months or within the last year?Ed Stokx It's a relatively smaller number, but it hasn't changed significantly from period to period.Irwin Guzman  Citigroup Thank you.Ed Stokx You bet.Operator Your next question comes from Chris Lucas with Robert W. Baird.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Good afternoon guys.Joe Russell Hi Chris.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Just kind of a follow up question, are you seeing more broker representation with your small tenants than you might have seen a year ago?John Peterson It's hard to say, Chris. That's a good question. You would think that, okay, the markets are tighter, so the brokers are going to try and get any deal they can. Maybe we have seen that at the margins, but I don't think there is a nationwide trend, where our little guys are being represented more by brokers. Maybe here and there, but we are not seeing that across the board.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird I'm wondering if that was contributing to some of the slower decision-making process?John Peterson No, not necessarily. No, I think what contributes to that, in my opinion, is really everyone is reading the headlines and they are just being more cautious in determining what they do with their real estate needs. I think as Joe mentioned and I mentioned, it's been able to  we think that could potentially play to our advantage relative to retention.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Okay. And then just on a capital allocation kind of question, you guys have been great at accumulating cash and obviously the debt markets are not there. How do you go through your decision-making process right now in terms of whether you just build your cash, buy your stock back, or maybe buy your preferreds in the open market back? What is the thought process there?Joe Russell Chris, what we have done over a longer period of time in and out of various types of alternative capital decisions, or stress points and/or opportunities, as we look at the landscape of alternatives that are out there. Fundamentally as you well know, we are designed to retain a very high degree of our own free cash flow. We like that position and we feel that going into this environment, we've got some solid alternatives that could play out. As I mentioned, I really like the fact that as certain situations may evolve, we do have a very pristine balance sheet and we are a standout buyer, not only because of our cash balances, but because of our low leverage and the ability that we can use our balance sheet to pursue various alternatives.On stock buybacks, from time to time, when we see a balance again of using that lever and comparing it to other alternatives that are out there, we will also again utilize our cash balances for buybacks. Obviously, we talked about that on our last earnings call and did some of that at end of 2007 and crossed over into early part of '08. Again, it's just one alternative out there among others. We are hopeful that the stress that could be playing out with some owners could present some opportunities. And again, we just like the fundamental position we are in, to be very nimble and to be very opportunistic because of our structure.Chris Lucas  Robert W. Baird Thanks a lot, guys.Joe Russell You bet.Operator Your next question comes from the line of David Cohen, with Morgan Stanley.David Cohen  Morgan Stanley Good afternoon. Can you just talk about the margins again? You said that  I guess most of that was due to taxes and other operating expenses. What is your expectation going forward?Ed Stokx Well, David, what I will tell you is typically in the first quarter, we do see some seasonality to it as we incur snow removal costs, property taxes were up this quarter. We expect or we encourage some slightly higher marketing costs. So, that impacted our margin. I don't think that there is anything that we are looking at that tells us that our margins are going to be significantly less than they have been in the past. Where specifically those are going to go, we don't get into that kind of forward-looking number. But, if I just looked at the snow impact for Q1, that took that margin down from the mid 68s to 68 flat. So the seasonal aspect of it is fairly impactful in the first quarter.David Cohen  Morgan Stanley So, you would say, what, half of that is just seasonal, would that be a correct characterization?Ed Stokx I think that  directionally that's a good number, yes.David Cohen  Morgan Stanley Okay. And so, maybe you can discuss what type of marketing costs are not  are you incurring that are not yet  that you can't capitalize?Ed Stokx Well, these are not specific lease costs. These are more, if we might have broker activities where we might do a marketing effort for an entire market with the brokers. Some of it is leasing material, producing leasing material for the year that we will use throughout the portfolio. That type of marketing cost.David Cohen  Morgan Stanley All right, thank you.Ed Stokx You're welcome.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Stuart Seeley, with Morgan Stanley.Stuart Seeley  Morgan Stanley Good afternoon. I'm assuming at this point that you may be regretting a little bit opening the door on this relative leverage between the small tenants and large tenants given the amount of follow-up. But I confess that I'm still a little confused on it as well, and going back to your prepared remarks, I guess does it have to do more with the larger tenants have a lot more space alternatives or is it because they have the financial wherewithal to just have a more enduring process and other issues like that?John Peterson Well, I think it starts, Stuart, with alternatives. The big guys in markets, and this is again I would say even more heavily weighted on office-type transactions, are typically going to have more choices in today's environment, because what we've seen is that is where there is more vacancy in number of areas. So they can basically be more commanding in their desire or their tactics in negotiating lease terms. And that in some ways isn't really any different than it ever is. And again, as markets though in some cases can soften, that awareness on their part and their tactics can get even more extreme, and that's I think in one way a normal consequence of a downturn in certain economic drivers. And again, that's where we always have been more comfortable in our approach, on looking at more multi-tenants, smaller tenant activity, because we just feel like there is more balanced playing field there relative to that negotiation.Stuart Seeley  Morgan Stanley Is it logical to look at perhaps the reverse of this issue and the extent that there are large blocks, more large blocks of space available, and landlords have better negotiating leverage with small tenants, but there is a risk that some of the large blocks of space might be converted more to multi-tenant and could create supply that you are not expecting in your core business?John Peterson That's certainly a theory, meaning that yes, some spaces or some buildings or even at a very fundamental level, a landlord may take on that approach. But what limits that and what comforts us in that, is many buildings are unable to be as multi-tenantable, as many of our buildings. And also, many landlords don't want to be in the multi-tenant business. They like a larger tenant portfolio or maybe they're just geared to be very focused on that versus the day to day environment, the burden, the management intensity of a very multi-tenant environment. And that's again what in our view magnifies our opportunities around having concentrated ownership of parts, where you have multiple buildings, and you can run these things, where you are balancing a number of different things literally on a weekly basis that are even outside of traditional lease expirations. A smaller tenant can come to you and say, I'm in 3,000 square feet, this just changed in my business, now I need to go to 5,000, and can we look at a different space, whatever else, and we have a combination of buildings, we can support that kind of activity in a much better and more efficient way than another operator who may only have one building that is a single tenant that's not nearly as divisible. And again, at the end of day, their motivation is not to do that.Stuart Seeley  Morgan Stanley Very good. Thank you for that clarification.John Peterson You bet.Joe Russell Thanks Stuart.Operator (Operator instructions) You have a follow up question from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Management.Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Capital Hi guys, just following up on one of those earlier questions on investment opportunities. Have you guys adjusted underwriting expectations or hurdles whatsoever given sort of the changed environment? I know there is not a ton of new products on the market, but how are you thinking about sort of either distressed opportunities or new investment opportunities?Joe Russell Yes, Jordan, I think the  without question, sure we have adjusted expectations, because across the board, capital is more expensive. But there are still I think very opportunistic ways to underwrite and look at value creation that may not be so different than they were a year or two or three ago that might pertain to a portfolio that has got a certain amount of repositioning tied to it or risk tied to it or tenant expirations, et cetera, that we still feel in the longer term context is a great value add play for us. But, the going in yields or the onerous approach we take to each and every acquisition isn't materially different, but I would say we are definitely basing our decisions on different going in yields, meaning we want better returns than we were looking at a year or two ago. Again, it's just a simple metric of cost to capital, definitely higher. And we think we can command better returns, because of that, going into whatever kind of ultimate environment this plays out over the next, say, a year or two.Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Capital So, where do you think your marginal  how much higher is your marginal cost to capital today versus say a year ago?Joe Russell Well, a simple comparison to that is, obviously we rely on or have relied traditionally on the perpetual preferred market. A year ago about, we raised about $140 million in a record low environment. We did that at transaction on the preferred equity at 6.7%. Today's environment, a comparable issuance would probably be in the high eights. And that market, again not unlike even the investment market, there aren't a lot of deals that have taken place in this current arena. But our sense is that cost to capital has obviously changed dramatically. And again, we have to be cognizant not only using that as a data point but just other alternative capital structures as well.Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Capital So would it be safe to assume that on a going in unleveraged basis that your hurdle has changed by a similar amount, as that sort of marginal cost to capital?Joe Russell Well, I wouldn't say it's been that direct, but it certainly influences the perceptive view that we would take on a repositioning effort or a pure investment that we would be making. Meaning, we want to command even higher returns than we were certainly a year ago for the fundamental reason that availability and cost to capital is different. The good news for us is we don't feel like we are constrained from an availability standpoint, again because of our low leverage. But, again what we got to be cognizant of is just the cost of that. And knowing what many of our competitors are also having to do in their own decision making is they are potentially looking at either the same types of assets we are or the way that they are able to fund those transactions.Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Capital So, lastly, I wanted to see if I could clear up my question from earlier, my line cut out, but your weighted average occupancy in the quarter was 94% for the total portfolio.Joe Russell Yes.Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Capital Your leased space, just calculated from your supplemental at quarter end, appears to have been 94.5%. And so, it seems as though occupancy either trended up through the quarter or at least maybe toward the quarter end at least, you had some leases signed. And so, I was just curious if that was a good read in terms of what you were seeing?Joe Russell Yes.Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Capital By market or if that was just sort of  just a moment in time that was not something to read into?Joe Russell Well, I think the collection of data points in that realm include, as JP mentioned, the amount of leasing that took place in the quarter, some of which hasn't taken occupancy yet some of which has. And then again the amount of renewals that we are able to do in any given quarter, where certain leasing activity takes place, and when it begins. And in this quarter as you mentioned, yes, there was the change from the average to the at-number. But again, I wouldn't say that that is materially different than it might be in any given quarter, where you might have that ebb and flow situation. The good news in the context of the quarter as JP mentioned was that we had a decent, if not pretty high level of volume than we typically see, meaning we did a little over 1.5 million square feet. So, as that level of activity either renews and/or takes occupancy that is a good driver for us. But again, quarter to quarter, there is always going to be the ebb and flow.Jordan Sadler  Keybanc Capital That's a little more helpful. Thanks, guys.Joe Russell You bet.Operator And at this time, there are no further questions.Ed Stokx Okay, thank you everyone for joining us. We look forward to talking to you at the end of next quarter. Have a good day.Operator This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect and have a great afternoon.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives Edward A. Stokx - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial OfficerJoseph D. Russell - President, Chief Executive OfficerJohn Petersen - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating OfficerAnalysts Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc CapitalIrwin Guzman and Michael Bilerman - CitiRich Anderson - BMO Capital MarketsDavid Cohen - Morgan StanleyOperator At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PS Business Parks fourth quarter investors call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ed Stokx. Edward A. Stokx Good morning and thank you for joining us for the fourth quarter 2007 PS Business Parks investor conference call. Im Ed Stokx, CFO of the company and with me are Joe Russell, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Petersen, Chief Operating Officer.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that this call will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks control which could cause the actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this conference call are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call. PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks forward-looking statements, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K. We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release which can be found on our website.Now, I will turn the call over to Joe.Joseph D. Russell Good morning and thank you for joining us. I will begin by highlighting PSBs Q4 results with some perspective on full-year 2007 performance. I will then discuss our investment posture and conclude my remarks by reviewing the overall environment we are seeing today and how PSB is positioned going forward. JP will then go on to more detail on the quarter along with our operational focus for 2008. Ed will then review our financial results and metrics, and well open the call up for your questions.PSBs fourth quarter results were characterized by solid growth in NOI, which was increased on a Same Park basis by 4.4%. With an occupancy gain of 70 basis points from a year ago, and 100 basis points from last quarter, we are pleased by the leasing velocity and traction tied to our markets mixed with the vitality within our small user base.For the full year, Same Park occupancy improved by 40 basis points with NOI up 3.5% and FFO up 10.4% net of D-42 costs. Our leasing teams completed 5.2 million square feet of deals in over 1600 separate transactions. As we like to remind you, there are consistently far more small users in any given market than large users, and by focusing on this user group in each of our markets, we have better opportunities to capture transactions and raise occupancies above market levels. Furthermore, spec construction of flex product is muted especially in better-located higher barrier to entry submarkets that we compete in. We see even more evidence today that a small tenant strategy will serve us well as we go forward and we typically reconfigure larger spaces within the portfolio to support our efforts. Specifically and intentionally, PSBs lease transaction size continues to shrink, as the average lease transaction in 2007 was 4200 square feet, down from 4700 square feet in 2006 and 4300 square feet in 2005. Small space is our specialty and we are pleased by the opportunities we are capturing in this segment of the market.Now to our perspective on the investment arena, this quarter, and basically for the second half of 2007, we saw few attractively priced assets, as owners have been reluctant to sell properties into an investment arena where cap rates are less predictable and credit availability has shrunk. Our sense is that there may be stagnation in the flow of transactions for some time, particularly in larger portfolios that more recently could actually command a premium for multiple bidders. We will be patient as pricing expectations are reset while also looking for unusual situations brought about by the dislocation in the credit markets. As youre aware, our balance sheet is quite strong and we have not been shy about using it when particularly attractive opportunities arise.As we entered the fourth quarter, our cash balance was approximately $75 million. And we saw the value in repurchasing PSB shares. As weve previously discussed, stock buybacks have been and will continue to be one option among other capital allocation alternatives that we will evaluate. As we weighed the inherent value of PSB shares compared to current investment alternatives, we saw better returns tied to our own equity. Through the fourth quarter and into this year, weve acquired approximately $50 million of our common stock.Now, Id like to discuss the operational and investment environment we see going into 2008. We are keeping a close eye on the pace and nature of leasing activity market-to-market, particularly where there has been more stress tied to local economies with an over-dependence on housing and/or markets with an abundance of spec commercial construction.In our case, Orange County and the Dulles Corridor in Washington DC are the two sub-markets we continue to monitor closely. Market conditions for office users are very competitive and will likely stay that way until meaningful absorption takes place. Many of the vacant buildings are Class A in nature and are tailored toward large tenants.As PSBs fourth quarter and full year 2007 results show, leasing demand from small users is widespread even in these tougher markets. We have seen larger users taking more time to seek space while also negotiating transactions more aggressively as they typically source new locations several months in advance. On the flip side, our tried and true small tenants have much shorter decision timeframes and may have a more fundamental need for our type of space due to its location or fit to their particular business. Also as some caution plays out in all decisions to lease space of any size, we may have an ability to retain larger number of our tenants as they are more conservative and less eager to grow their businesses. Our goal is stay focused on our base of nearly 4000 users to leverage retention wherever possible.So how might a portfolio like PSBs perform in an environment of economic uncertainty? First, we are confident our small user focus will provide an abundance of alternatives and potential tenants since there is always more activity in this segment of the market. The flex nature of our properties can support a large range of users giving us an ability to source tenants from a broad pool. Second, we are well diversified from a market standpoint, and a majority of our markets has attractive occupancy and rent levels. The markets are in far better shape than they were when the last down-cycle occurred as new construction is limited and current market occupancies are quite healthy.Third, and perhaps most importantly, our experienced team of leasing professionals are savvy dealmakers that are well equipped to maneuver through whatever economic conditions are at hand and continue to outperform each of their respective markets. And finally, we have had a bias to utilize our powerful balance sheet, financial leverage and retain cash when investment markets are in flux. As credit continues to tighten and some owners face difficult decisions to sell into an environment with far fewer qualified buyers, we are confident attractive opportunities will surface. Due to these factors, PSB is in an excellent position to capture opportunities as todays economic uncertainty unfolds.Now, Ill turn the call over to JP.John Petersen Ill start with more specific information on market conditions. By and large, real estate fundamentals remained stable across the majority of our markets throughout the fourth quarter. Net absorption, while less than previous quarters, was flat or positive in over 60% of our markets. San Diego, Orange County, Seattle, Silicon Valley and the East Bay all realized slight negative absorption of less than 100,000 square feet during the quarter.On balance, these markets are still in relatively good shape. As Joe mentioned, we had an active quarter as evidenced by a number of metrics. In terms of net absorption, occupancy increased 100 basis points from the third quarter to 94.2% for the total portfolio. Occupancy increased 440 basis points in Dallas to 91.1%, Seattle increased 240 basis points to 91.2% and Northern Virginia increased 100 basis points to 95.9% while Orange County raised occupancy by 40 basis points to 94.2%. There were two markets that slipped in occupancy during the quarter; Portland dropped 50 basis points to 86.4% and Los Angeles dropped by 10 basis points to 96.3%.In the fourth quarter, our new rents grew over expiring rents in 10 of our 12 markets. Rental rates grew by 3.5% overall. For the full year, rents grew by 5.8%. We continue to see improvement in Texas with rents increasing by 8.5%. Miami rents increased by 8%, and Los Angeles and Orange County grew by 7.9% and 7.6% respectively.Additionally, leasing volume was robust with over 1.3 million square feet coming from 420 transactions. As is consistent with our strategy, the average deal size was 3,100 square feet for the quarter and 3,200 square feet for the full year. The average term was 3.3 years for the quarter and 3.4 years for the year. Retention was 61.5% for the fourth quarter and 62% for the year. Our focus on the customer continues to pay off with our Washington DC metro team leading the way at 65.2% retention for the quarter and a strong 74% for the year. Also posting solid retention numbers were Texas, 63.6% for the quarter and 71.4% for the year. Looking into 2008, our teams will continue to be focused on cultivating, driving our core small customer portfolio, aggressively marketing, and subdividing our larger vacancies. We have a normal expiration schedule of 3.9 million square feet or 20% of the portfolio expiring in 2008.From a revenue standpoint, 2008 lease expirations reflect the diversified nature of the portfolio. Northern Virginia had 17.8% of revenues expiring, followed by Northern California at 15.2%, Texas at 13.1%, Orange County at 9.1% and Los Angeles at 8.8%.In terms of product types, 66% occurred in our versatile flex properties, 18% in our industrial portfolio and only 16% in office properties.As far as our strategy in tackling our larger exploration in 2008, let me talk about how we are handling a large exploration in Portland. Intel occupies three buildings totaling 120,000 square feet expiring April 30, 2008, and will be consolidating into own facilities. As we have with other large vacancies, we are already in the process of subdividing the space into smaller suites, and to date, we have pre-leased 43000 square feet or 36% of the upcoming vacancy. Im confident our geographic and product diversification combined with our strategy of continuing to break down larger spaces into smaller spaces will position us well in 2008.And finally, as we have previously discussed the fact that a 134,000 square foot tenant in Northern California had from time to time been in default with the terms of their lease, this customer is currently in full compliance with all provisions of its lease.And now, Ill turn the call over to Ed.Edward A. Stokx Reported FFO per share increased 15.8% for the three months ended December 31, 2007 to $1.10 per share or $31.8 million on revenues of 69.8 million compared to FFO of $0.95 per share or $27.5 million on revenues of $62.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2006. Included in FFO for the fourth quarter of 2006 were non-cash distributions of $1.7 million related to a preferred equity redemption. Without these non-cash distributions, FFO increased 8.9%. Reported Same Park NOI for the fourth quarter increased 4.4% over the same period of 2006. The companys gross margin remained consistent quarter-to-quarter at 70.1% as we experienced a modest increase in property tax and utility costs.Funds available for distribution for the three months ended December 31, 2007 were $21.4 million compared to $18.3 million in the same period of 2006, an increase of 16.9%. The companys FAD payout ratio was 58.8% for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to 52.3% for the fourth quarter of 2006. Fourth quarter FFO payout ratios were 39.5% and 30.2% for 2007 and 2006 respectively. The higher FAD and FFO payout ratios during the quarter are a result of the 51.7% increase in the companys quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share which took effect in the second quarter of 2007.For the year-ended December 31, 2007, FFO was $122.4 million or $4.23 per share on revenues of $270.8 million compared to FFO for all of 2006 of $106.2 million or $3.67 per share on revenues of $242.2 million. Included in FFO in 2006 were non-cash distributions of $4.7 million related to preferred equity redemptions. Excluding these non-cash distributions, FFO increased 10.4%. Reported Same Park NOI for the full year increased 3.5% over 2006 with revenues increasing 3.4% and expenses increasing 3.2%. Recurring capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2007 were $37.4 million or $1.91 per square foot compared to $34.1 million or $1.89 per square foot incurred in 2006. The level of recurring capital expenditures will vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the volume and timing of leasing activity and the level of transaction costs associated with such, combined with the nature of ongoing capital projects.Free cash after distributions to our investors for the 12 months ended December 31, 2007 was $42.1 million compared to $44.4 million generated over the whole of 2006. The decrease of $2.3 million takes into account that we distributed an additional $12.9 million to our investors as a result of the increase in our quarterly dividend, clearly demonstrating our ability to generate significant free cash over the course of the year.As Joe mentioned, in late 2007 and earlier this year, we bought back our own common stock. During the fourth quarter of 2007, the company repurchased 601,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $31.9 million. Subsequent to the end of the year, the company repurchased an additional 370,000 shares for an aggregate cost of $18.3 million. Combined, we invested $50.2 million with an average price per share of $51.67. We have authorization to acquire an additional 2.2 million shares. Throughout our organization, we continue to maintain a very aggressive oversight of our tenants performance and their ability to meet their lease obligations.Within our leasing structure, we have a very thorough underwriting process. These consistent management practices, combined with our ability to quickly re-lease space have proven to be very effective as we have had minimal consequences from default situations. In each of the past two years, our write-offs of bad debt have been one quarter of 1% of revenues.As we continue to experience economic uncertainty in the broad economy with a balance sheet with less than 3% debt, 35% perpetual equity with an average coupon of 7.2%, combined with the ability to retain significant cash on an annual basis, we are confident that we have a balance sheet and operating strategy that will benefit us and provide us the ability to maintain our excellent financial position.With that, we will open the call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Regarding your forward-looking investment strategy, obviously, you did a bunch of repurchasing in the quarter and post-quarter end. But it sounds like now you may be switching gears to focus on possible opportunities in Orange Country, in Northern Virginia. Is that sort of what Im hearing; is that the right way to look at it? And can you maybe talk about what kind of opportunities youre seeing?Joseph D. Russell I wouldnt characterize it in any way as switching gears. As I mentioned, the avenues ahead of us are a combination of the same choices weve had in the past. There is definitely a different environment tied to the investment arena. And what were also doing based on those changing conditions is keeping a very close eye on what transactions have so far taken place which frankly isnt a lot. But then also keeping tabs on what may be at hand with other owners that may have more onerous conditions, whether its debt or a need for extracting whatever equity they may have in a particular asset. And were going to continue to monitor those things very aggressively in all of our markets, not just in Orange County or another market that were currently in.And again like I mentioned, we saw good value most recently in stepping back and acquiring our own equity. And Id say its still going to be the same mix going forward. We have an arena or a set of different alternatives and well continue to both monitor those, and if we see some good opportunities out there on the property side, were going to look at them very seriously. But, as I mentioned, there is not yet a lot of obvious, I would say, events going on, and there is a lot of theories out there that things could toughen for certain owners. And well just see how that plays out.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital I guess I misunderstood. I thought you were maybe more focused on Orange County and Northern Virginia for investment?Joseph D. Russell No, I wouldnt say more focused. We have a good presence in both of those markets and we understand them quite well. And we feel that our strategy in those markets continues to serve us well, meaning we are able to sustain good occupancies in those markets, especially if you compare the market stats to a Class A office owner in either one of those markets to our own occupancies. And we see very good leasing traction there too. JP talked about the vitality that we even saw going through the fourth quarter in those markets and were very happy with the strategy that we continue to deploy there and in other markets which again focuses on smaller users.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital It made sense that in those markets as well as others that maybe some of the office guys may be more stressed and more leveraged, or more distressed and maybe more leveraged that the margin would how do you envision sort of the investment opportunity in front of you? Is it in terms of weighted by asset class or type, is it, as you look at sort of the spectrum of the assets you own more towards industrial or office or flex?Joseph D. Russell Yes, it could be any combination of the three. Undoubtedly, in the way the markets currently are playing out, I dont disagree. There is more stress in some cases with potentially some of the overbuilt office owners, and but again that doesnt necessarily mean thats where we will only focus or we will look for opportunities. We like all three product types, office, industrial and flex and across our markets we are going to continue to evaluate whats at hand.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital And then maybe if you could just talk about in terms of what youre seeing on the leasing front, as maybe a leading indicator. You talked about the role for next year I think its 3.9 million square feet. Roughly how much of that is already, do you have good visibility on, and could you say you have wrapped up at this point?John Petersen We, as Joe mentioned, were seeing good activity here. And that I think I discussed a little bit about in my comments about where those expirations occur in 2008. And so, were going to continue to focus early and often on getting deals done this year. There is no question that were focused on moving deals quickly, getting them turned. Were getting back to the basics here in all of our markets. In terms of stronger markets, Florida we think is still healthy. Miami, thats still healthy for us. Joe just talked about Orange County and Northern Virginia a little bit. Northern California, even though it had slight negative absorption in the fourth quarter, we still view that market as balanced. And Los Angeles is balanced. And even Texas is a balanced market heading into 2008. So, it doesnt mean its not going to be a challenging environment for us, but we think that the markets for the most part are balanced. And I want to also mention that in my remarks, I mentioned Texas has 13% of our revenues expiring, its actually Florida I apologize. Its not Texas. Florida has 13.1% expiring in 2008, and Texas has 8%. Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital And do you think the retention rate youll be able to maintain the 62% you did the last couple of years?John Petersen You know of course we hope to, we work really hard on that Jordan, and we work hard, I mean we think as Joe mentioned in his comments that our existing customer base, we have 4000 customers plus or minus. And, mostly small users, and we work very hard on cultivating those relationships and maintaining our skills at renewing them. So, no doubt, we have those customers, we need to cultivate those users, and we dont make predictions around those numbers, but were doing everything we can to get there, sure, in 2008. But well see.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman - Citi.Irwin Guzman and Michael Bilerman - Citi Good morning, its Irwin Guzman; Michael Bilerman is on the phone as well. You mentioned the obvious impact that illiquidity in the debt market is having on real estate valuations. Im wondering given your small tenant focus if youre hearing anything from your customers that they are feeling a pinch of difficulty getting financing for their core businesses, and whether you expect that to have any impact on your results going forward?Joseph D. Russell Yes, Irwin, I think its a broad, I think issue with just the economy at large. And our 4000 tenant mixture is really widespread with a very different collection of company types and obviously in multiple markets. And we continue to keep a close eye on all of our tenants consistently in and out of market cycles. Ed pointed to the impact that weve seen certainly over the last two years with any specific impact on default. Were very proactively managing our portfolio. Its a critical element in the way that we do our own day-to-day oversight of our assets. And were keeping an eye on everybody. I would say that, and we talked about this the last few quarters, from time-to-time youll see certain industry sectors that you may even have a higher or a heightened awareness of, because there are certain pressures. No surprise that thats been more severe along the lines of users that were tied to mortgage, title, things like that. And we feel like we handled that well in not only vetting those kinds of users that were interested in coming to the portfolio and also working through the situations that we may have had in place as well. So, again, were all going to have to see how the economy at large plays out. And thus far, were seeing a good vibrancy in the portfolio meaning that our tenant base is able to maintain its commitments from a leasing standpoint. And were seeing good levels of retention. And were going to stay very, very focused on our tenant base across all elements.Irwin Guzman and Michael Bilerman - Citi You mentioned the opportunity within your portfolio to subdivide some larger spaces. Can you quantify how much capital you plan to spend there over the next year or two? How many square feet that opportunity is and what returns youre targeting?John Petersen We cant quantify it, but I can, if it helps, I can walk you through our thoughts on that. As weve continued to talk about over the quarters and years, we focus and we find more, there are more users in smaller space requirements. So, if we have lets just say a 50,000 foot building, and we have a vacancy there, and we can subdivide that down into four or five 10,000 square foot spaces we find that more attractive. Well go ahead and put in demising walls, put in restrooms if that makes sense and put in the necessary doorways etc. to attract. We think it will be easier to attract five 10,000-foot users than one 50,000-foot user. And over time, that space that we build out ultimately for those 10,000-foot users will be more generic, more reusable, and we can reuse those improvements over several lease cycles versus a highly customized build-out for a 50,000-foot requirement that may be marketed heavily and brokered heavily. And so, we typically, those costs for the smaller users are going to be less, much less than the larger users. Irwin Guzman and Michael Bilerman - Citi Yes JP, its Michael on the phone as well. Outside of that 120,000 square feet in Portland, the Intel space, it sounds like youre chopping that up. Is there anything else sort of on the immediate horizon where youre doing that, where arguably there may be some delay where the tenant moves out, it will stay vacant for a little while. More so than what has happened in prior years?John Petersen No, its part of our core strategy. I mean we go through that as part of our blocking and tackling how we deal with that stuff, Michael. I mean if we have a space here or a space there in any given market, and we will evaluate where user demand is coming from, well evaluate the number of competitive vacancies in a given size range, what they are asking, etc. I mean we break it down to the minutia and then we decide we act. More often than not, it will make sense to break that down, and not wait. Occasionally, we will do a bigger deal because it makes sense for one reason or another, but typically our strategic focus is on breaking those down as quickly as possible and getting them re-leased.Joseph D. Russell And Michael, one other tie to that strategy is thats a heavy filter we use when were out acquiring assets as well. And just as JP is explaining, you may have a building today thats got say a 50,000 square foot user, but were not out investing or looking for assets that dont have that kind of flexibility tied to them. And weve done this time and time again in our investment strategy where the configuration of an acquired building or portfolio may be higher than what our average is of the company. But over time, what we like to do is eventually get that down to that smaller user band or that smaller user range, because just like JP mentioned again, its more generic space. Its going to be more tailored to a generic user. And we can help contain our costs and over time continue to source the kinds of tenants we feel, again, are much more vibrant in the context of quantity, the way that we can attract them and the way that hopefully we can retain them over time.And its just like I mentioned, you can see that in our overall company stats from certainly 2005 till today where we keep notching down that average tenant size. But whats critical to that is we dont go out and buy for instance a 50,000 square foot square building that you cant easily, economically, or functionally divide down.And that is not typical or that makes our portfolio I think a little bit more tailored to doing exactly what were doing strategically. And that for us is a good way to not only continue to be in the flow of activity market-to-market, but we think over time, it helps us outperform.Irwin Guzman and Michael Bilerman - Citi How long were your blacked out on your stock for, in the beginning of this year?Joseph D. Russell The beginning of 2008?Irwin Guzman and Michael Bilerman - Citi Yes, how many, I guess prior to the results being announced, Im just trying to figure when you did most of your repurchases.Edward A. Stokx We did most of our repurchases in early January, Michael.Irwin Guzman and Michael Bilerman - Citi And then you stopped, you were blacked out two weeks prior to quarter-end?Edward A. Stokx We were essentially, but we also made a decision that we were comfortable with $50 million allocation to the common stock at that point in time.Operator Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets.Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets The term that JP used was balanced for all of your portfolio over many of your markets I should say. And correct me if Im wrong, but is that something a little bit less appealing than maybe a couple of years ago when you talked about Miami, Southern California, and Washington D.C. being your great markets. Is balanced neutral or is balanced positive in your mind?John Petersen I think depending on how you look at it, it will ebb and flow quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year of course and even week-to-week. But I think if I look at a market and its under 10%, just the overall market, not our portfolio but our market, its under 10% vacancy. More often than not, thats a landlord favorable environment. How do you define balance? I mean Orange County office, thats not a balanced market in my opinion, office in Northern Virginia, not a balanced market, but certainly Miami, Northern California, as I mentioned. In our minds, its not prevailing towards the landlord as it may had been a year or so ago, as strong. But were still seeing good activity. Were still seeing plenty of tours. Obviously, were getting deals done. So I dont know how else I can describe it.Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets And next question you mentioned Dulles in particular as a large tenant orientation market of course. How does the weakness from large tenants impact your small tenant business? In what way does it have an impact on your business?Joseph D. Russell Well, I think in one way Rich, it garners headlines. No doubt because the bigger elephants get the attention whether its through a brokerage community, orientation or maybe even in industry publications, whatever. But again, thats where we encourage our targeted tenants whether renewal situations or there are new tenants coming into our properties to make sure theyre evaluating our alternative against what the market at large alternatives are. And say a 3000 or 5,000 square foot tenant of ours is not going to be able to debate that because theres much more vacancy in Class A big tenant space that might have certain types of concessions tied to it, that that at the end of the day is completely relevant.And again, it requires us to know our markets well, deeply. Our people are very conversant in the properties they compete against, the market flows, of deal activity, and thats what we do day-in and day-out. So, weve got an open pipeline to that type of deal flow. And again, because something might be going on in a much bigger tenant-oriented property doesnt necessarily at the end of the day mean that thats exactly transferable or it directs the pricing that were able to command on our own assets.Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets I can appreciate your commentary about small tenants and how youre diversified so youre sort of somewhat insulated from economic conditions, not entirely of course. Small tenants might be more exposed to having to shut their doors in a weakening economy, but I can understand your comments about being diversified. But there was a time when PSBs internal growth prospects were pretty bleak, and it wasnt that long ago. And obviously, things have gotten better. What is it about this time that is different than back then when your internal growth was really on a downward trend?Joseph D. Russell Well, I think I mean Im not exactly sure what period of time youre pointing to when thinks were bleak.Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Well, like early part of 2000, I guess that would have been the tech issue for you, right?Joseph D. Russell Yes, I think certainly, I mean that wasnt in any way a condition that PSB was in an island or was a sole recipient or we were the only guys out being negatively affected by what was a very different market condition in many markets, where you had tremendous overbuilt properties, you had tremendous sublease space, you had negative job growth. I mean there were just many, many different factors tied to that downturn than whatever may be occurring today.Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Its really a supply issue, I think.Joseph D. Russell And I think even then Rich, we were able to, and we were I think successful in finding ways to still outperform our markets. And we are very confident that as weve done in and out of multiple cycles for many, many years, and again we are very focused on the trends and the currents that do take place with smaller users. And thats what we specialize in.Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets You mentioned sort of having the great balance sheet and at the ready to do something if something surfaces. The question is you have always been the low debt company, and how high on the debt scale would you be willing to go as an organization, particularly now with the preferred markets I would assume being somewhat locked up for you to refinance that debt?Joseph D. Russell Well, the preferred markets if there is a preferred market, I wouldnt characterize it as, nearly as attractive as it was certainly a year ago. But that is still an alternative. Its more expensive no doubt. And as far as what level would we use leverage or what level would we use any kind of alternative financing strategy, its really going to be dependent upon the deal. And were very confident that weve got a great balance sheet that will give us an unusual ability to look at different situations, and I cant predict what will come of that. But I can tell you that were very confident that we have even more so today a greater competitive ability because were no longer out in a sea of competitive bidders that have easy access to money, cheap money with very few equity requirements, with very low loan covenants and all those kinds of things, and the whole financing world today is very different.Operator Your next question comes from the line of David Cohen - Morgan Stanley.David Cohen - Morgan Stanley Are there times in the cycle that you think that going after more of the small tenants as you are today will actually kind of work against you like for example, as we may, when we enter a kind of a rebound. Are you giving up some of the leasing economics during those times because youll be making this space more generic or, and what about the stresses on the company because youll have four leases for every one that you had before?John Petersen David throughout 07, we were able to hold our average term around 3.3 years, and as we migrate through in 2008 hopefully 1600, 1700 lease transactions, there will be push and pull in many different scenarios. It could be term, it could be rate, it could be whatever, normal deal velocity and deal negotiating points. We have yet to see that in our term. We dont think it will work against us. We think as I mentioned before, if we have a 4000 foot vacancy, we think there is more than likely in any market of ours, there is going to be a number of different perspective users for that, versus if we had a 100,000 foot vacancy, there may not be any in any given market. So, we like our chances on re-leasing that 4000 vacancy in any market in which we operate because even if a company or two is having some particular stress in their own business, if they do leave, we work real closely with our teams and with the marketplace to getting that space market ready and re-leased as quickly as possible. And again there are a number of different users for that 4,000-foot vacancy that were going to go capture because we think we respond quicker. Were more nimble versus our competitive peer set.Joseph D. Russell And, I think David, the other thing is, we dont look at having to do four transactions instead of one as stress on the organization. Were built to handle the kind of volume JP is discussing. We are built to move quickly, to move nimbly. And you can look at our staff and say it does work. We are able to maintain very strong occupancies, and we can battle market conditions and we can also take advantage of market opportunities with that volume. But again, its because of the way were built. And we know it well, we know how to handle the volume, and frankly, I think were very good at it.Operator At this time, there are no further questions.Edward A. Stokx Wed like to thank everyone for joining us. And we look forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-06 13:00:00) =====
Executives Ed Stokx - Chief Financial OfficerJoe Russell - President and Chief Executive OfficerJohn Petersen - Chief Operating OfficerAnalysts Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital MarketsMichael Bilerman - CitigroupMichael Mueller - JPMorganDavid Cohen - Morgan StanleyOperator Good afternoon. My name is Melissa, and I will be yourconference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the PSBusiness Parks Third Quarter Investor Conference Call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any backgroundnoise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session(Operator Instructions).Mr. Stokx, you may begin your conference.Ed Stokx Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and thank you for joiningus for the third quarter 2007 PS Business Parks investor conference call. I amEd Stokx, CFO of the company. With me are Joe Russell, President and ChiefExecutive Officer, and John Petersen, Chief Operating Officer.Before we begin, let me remind everyone that this call willcontain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27-A of theSecurities Act of 1933, and section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of1934.These forward-looking statements are subject to a number ofrisks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond PS Business Parks' control,which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth inor implied by such forward-looking statements.All statements other than statements of historical factsincluded in this conference call are forward-looking statements. Statements,all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this conference call.PS Business Parks undertakes no obligation to update orrevise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,future events, or otherwise. For additional information about risks anduncertainties that could adversely affect PS Business Parks' forward-lookingstatements please refer to the company's 2006 annual report on Form 10-K.We will also provide certain non-GAAP financial measures,reconciliation to GAAP of these non-GAAP financial measures is included in ourpress release which can be found on our website.Now I will turn the call over to Joe.Joe Russell Thank you, Ed. Good morning everyone, and thank you forjoining us. I will begin by giving you an overview of Q3 results and our viewof market demand and investment activity.J P will then take you through operations and Ed willdiscuss financial results. Reported company metrics for the third quarter werestrong and consistent on a number of fronts.FFO per share increased 15.1%. Same park NOI increased 4.3%.Rental rates on executed transactions increased 6.9%, and the company generated$7.8 million of retained cash.User demand and general leasing conditions across the ninemajor market we operate in can be characterized as healthy with landlordfavorable dynamics at hand in the majority of our properties.Smaller users are abundant and aside from someindustry-specific weakness tied to housing, we have seen the typical broadarray of tenet seeking space to move into, renew, or expand in our facility.Leasing volume was good in the quarter, at over 1.3 millionsquare feet completed. Occupancy improved by 10 basis points sequentially, evenas we continue to push rent growth with both new and renewing tenants.In doing, so we have also been pleased by the consistentretention we have seen this year with each quarter above 60%. Still, we are notimmune from some of the drivers potentially impacting economic conditionsprimarily as a result of the weakening housing and credit industries.We are particularly focused on the Orange County officemarket, where a higher than average concentration of sub-prime lenders existed,coupled with new office starts.We expect office market statistics to soften here in theform of higher market vacancies and higher concessions. Landlords operatingclass-A office buildings have become more aggressive as they attempt to leasethe inventory vacated by sub-prime and housing related users along with theapproximately 3 million square feet being delivered to the market.The direct impact to our own flex portfolio has been limitedas industrial statistics in Orange County are much stronger with currentvacancy of 2.9% and third quarter positive net absorption.For sometime we have intentionally limited our exposure tomortgage brokers and title companies and continue to monitor the health of anyexisting tenants that have ties to this industry segment.Current PSB occupancy in Orange County is 93.8%, and we arestill seeing good leasing activity coupled with limited new flex product underconstruction. On the East Coast, the market we are tracking closely is theDulles corridor in northern Virginia.For several quarters, we have spoken about the wave of newspec construction occurring here with the potential to create volatile fee fromthe wave of new class-A inventory hitting the market over the next year. Thusfar we have been able to deflect any impact from the approximately 6 millionsquare feet in production, primarily due to our focus on multi-tenantproperties with the bulk of these new buildings do not easily support.Unlike Orange County this market posted positive netabsorption remains well diversified. Economic vitality is especially evident innorthern California, Florida, Los Angeles, Dallas, Austin, Seattle, and metropolitanDC, where 74% of our portfolio resides.The positive trends created by employment growth, strongcorporate earnings, landlord favorable market conditions, and littlecompetitive spec construction especially an infill locations has facilitated healthymarket conditions, which give us the ability to keep occupancy strong alongwith good rent growth and easing concessions.Small users are in good supply across all of our markets,and we remain focused on sourcing the majority of our transactions below 5,000square feet. On the investment front, as previously discussed, PSB closed a $25million, 125,000 square foot multi-tenant office park in Fairfax, Virginia inearly August.Subsequent to that acquisition we did not purchase anyadditional properties. Recently, we have seen fewer quality assets enter thesales markets. A number of sellers, however, may have ownership structures thatrequire them to sell more immediately and into today's less frothy dispositionarena.There are also fewer buyers chasing dailies but capital isstill available and transactions are taking place at or near the historical lowcap rates we have seen over the last two years. We expect some softening of caprates, however, but it is unclear what adjustments will take place.We are keeping our powder dry in an effort to capture betterprice acquisition opportunities with PSB's strong balance sheet that will allowus to stay nimble and well positioned as investments become more challengingfor less capitalized buyers.With lenders tightening their underwriting and equityrequirements increasing, the days of competing against the buyers with low-costloans who operated with a strategy of aggressively deploying capital appear tobe over, at least for now. We feel this puts us 18 stronger position todistinguish ourselves, as our balance sheet and cash position are morecompetitive.PSB's current cash balance is approximately $70 million witha conservative debt and preferred equity to total capital ratio of 35% and afixed charge ratio of three times.Now I will turn the call over to JP.John Petersen Thank you, Joe. Now let me take you through some moredetails on market conditions and our own performance. Operating fundamentalswere solid across most of the market in which we operate and overall conditionscontinue to favor the landlord.Miami, Los Angeles, northern California, Austin, andSeattle, all continue to show solid landlord fundamentals in the form of risingrents, positive absorption, and lower concessions. Northern Virginia andMaryland remain balanced markets with both increasing rents and positive netabsorption during the quarter.In Texas, we are seeing positive signs in terms of dealactivity and slightly increasing rents. This is particularly significant sincethe Texas market has one of the slowest markets to show rent growth over thelast several years.Portland will show flat net absorption continues to beprimarily a tenant's market, as competition for users remains fierce. As Joementioned, portfolio occupancy increased to 93.2%. Strong occupancy gains wererealized in Texas up 240 basis points to 90.2%, and northern Virginia, 120basis points and 94.9%. Northern California increased 150 basis points to90.07%, and San Diego gained 150 basis points to 95.5%.In Portland, occupancy slipped 340 basis points from thesecond quarter primarily due to the loss of four tenants due to businessfailures during the quarter. We have sips released nearly 20% of the spacevacated. In Miami, occupancy adjusted down due to downtime resulting fromexpirations by 120 basis points to a still healthy 97.7%.In the third quarter, we realized solid rent growth of 6.9%.Miami once again saw the largest rent growth with 12.6% growth over expiringrents. Northern California rents grew 10.5% and Portland, Maryland, LosAngeles, Northern Virginia, and Orange County were all up at least 5%.Leasing volume for the quarter was again robust as wecompleted over 1.3 million square feet. Solid velocity occurred in Florida with377,000 square feet and Southern California with 273,000 square feet. Texas wasproductive again with 181,000 square feet and in Northern California 174,000square feet of deals were completed.As far as the size of our lease transactions 83% were smalltenants below 5,000 square feet with an average term of 2.6 years. In total, wecompleted 394 deals with an average size of 3,300 square feet and an averageterm of 3.3 years demonstrating that small users remain active across ourmarkets. Customer retention was 61.6% for the quarter. Standouts were Texas,80.4%, Washington metro 69.7%, and Florida, 60.7%.Now I will turn it over to Ed.Ed Stokx Thank you, JP. Reported FFO per share increased 15.1% forthe three months ended September 30, 2007, to $1.07 per share, or $31 million,on revenues of $68.7 million, compared to FFO of $0.93 per share or $26.8million on revenues of $61.8 million for the third quarter of 2006. Thirdquarter 2006 FFO included non-cash distributions of $1.4 million related to apreferred equity redemption.Excluding these non-cash distributions, thequarter-to-quarter increase in FFO per share was 9.2%. Reported same park NOIfor the third quarter increased 4.3% over the third quarter of 2006. Theincrease in NOI is attributed to an increase in annualized realized rent persquare foot of 3.5%, offset by a modest increase in our operating expenses of1.2%.The company's gross margin improved to 69.6% for thequarter, compared to 68.9% for the third quarter of 2006. Funds available fordistribution for the three months ended September 30, 2007 were consistent withthe same period of 2006 at $20.4 million, primarily due to the timing andvolume of recurring capital projects and tenant improvements.The company's FAD payout ratio was 61.7% for the thirdquarter of 2007 compared to 40.7% for the third quarter of 2006. The thirdquarter FFO payout ratios were 40.7% and 30.9% for 2007 and 2006 respectively.The higher FAD and FFO payout ratios during the quarter are a result of the51.7% increase in the company's quarterly dividend to $0.44 per share.For the first nine months of 2007 FFO was $90.6 million, or$3.13 per share on revenues of $201.5 million, compared to FFO for the sameperiod of 2006 of $78.8 million, or $2.72 per share, on revenues of $180.1million. Included in FFO for the nine months ended September 30, 2006 werenon-cash distributions of $3 million related to preferred equity redemptions.Excluding these non-cash distributions, the year-to-year increase in FFO forthe nine-month period was 10.6%.Recurring capital expenditures for the nine months endedSeptember 30, 2007, were $26.1 million, or $1.35 per square foot, compared to$22.7 million or $1.27 per square foot incurred in the same period of 2006. Thepace of capital expenditures will vary from quarter to quarter depending on thetiming of leasing activity, as well as ongoing capital projects.Free cash generated during the nine-month period endedSeptember 30th, 2007 was $33.3 million, compared to $34.3 million generatedover the same period of 2006. As of today, the company does not intend tonotify the holders of the 7.95% series G preferred units of its intent toredeem such.The company will continue to monitor its use of cash and thepreferred market to determine when or if the series G should be redeemed. As wehave previously discussed, we have a 134,000 square foot tenant in northernCalifornia that from time to time has been in default of the terms of theirlease.This customer has recently completed a restructuring of itsownership and has paid all past-due amounts. We are working with the newownership to reinstitute all other existing provisions of their lease. Weanticipate this customer will restore full compliance of all other lease obligationsin the fourth quarter.With that we will open the call for questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes fromJordan Sadler with Keybanc Capital Markets.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets Good morning, guys.Ed Stokx Hi, Jordan.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets Joe, in your opening comment, you actually described themarket is healthy, with landlord favorable dynamics. And I was curious, if you couldmaybe just give us a real-time update and let us know if you're seeing anyhesitance at all by tenants or if you saw any hesitancy for people to commitcapital and take space.I know you're focused on smaller users, but were they I meannot focused on what was going on in the capital markets I think during thesummer and late summer and even through today?Joe Russell I wouldn't take it as that, Jordan. What I'm talking to isthe fact that, again the market statistics and the areas in which we compete inwith a small user base, the competitive properties we deal with, use that werecatering to they are in a situation where still a very limited amount ofcompetitive product in order to choose to continue occupancy whether it's inour particular location or a competitive location.By virtue of that, I would say, as I did, the markets ingeneral have a bias toward landlord favorable conditions. There's no questionwith the economic events at hand and the negativity around credit markets andhousing statistics, people are probably looking at being more cautious and oursmall tenant guys aren't immune from that caution.But the reality of what they are dealing with as they go tolook for space or renew space, expand space, it's still a landlord favorableenvironment in many of our markets and that condition has not changed, evenwith some of the volatility tied to the overall economic environment tied tocredit and housing.Jordan Sadler - Keybanc Capital Markets So if you were to characterize the velocity of demand thattrended over the quarter and even into today, how is that is it the sametrajectory high or lower?Joe Russell It's on par. And you can see that from the way that wevereported numbers each of the three-quarters this year. Where quarter-to-quarterwe've kind of been in a range of say 1.2 to 1.3 to 1.4 million square feet aquarter of leasing activity.Again Q3, which honestly, during the summer months can be aslower quarter for us, we were pleased by the amount of activity that we sawas, again, we took down 1.3 million square feet of new leasing.And as J P described, it was balanced across many markets.It wasn't heavily wetted one area versus another and by virtue of that we'repleased again by this velocity that's still there. And we're keeping a closeeye on how that relates to any specific tenant, particularly depending ifthey're in any industry that has a tied housing or they are for whatever reasonsubject to some of the economic events going on.But you still can't ignore the fact that, again,economically there's employment growth going on, there are, as I mentioned,strong corporate earnings, the service sector in the economy at large appearsto be in pretty good shape, and again that's reflective in the type of tenancythat we have.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets That's helpful. Ed, can you maybe is there anything going onin the Same Park revenue of 3.3% this quarter year-over-year? It seems to bemoderating a little bit from the growth seen over the prior two quarters.Anything to make of that, or should we expect the previous sort of trend there?Ed Stokx I would characterize it, as a fairly normal clean quarter interms of unusual activity there really was none during the quarter.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Okay. There's just tougher comps year-over-year as you guyscontinue to grow, that is resulting in that moderation, good way to think aboutit?Ed Stokx Yes, and then if you look at the from a full yearstandpoint, nine-months standpoint, remember as well that we had some unusualnon-recurring items that we recorded in the early part of 2006.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Okay. And then on the asset in Northern Fairfax, was the caprate in the range of similar stabilized acquisitions you guys had done andmaybe what's the opportunity there?Joe Russell Yes, and that transaction, Jordan, from an occupancystandpoint was a little unusual in some of the more recent deals we'vecompleted. In that it's virtually a 100% occupied, and it's got some decentrollover over the next two years, with in place under market rents.And again, it's adjacent to 165,000 square foot asset webought about three years ago. So that, coupled with the fact that we're seeinggood overall statistics out of that particular sub market, we're encouraged bywhat we're going to be able to do with that, again, over the next two to threeyears.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets And then lastly, Joe, if you said you're keeping your powderdry in hopes of capitalizing any opportunities. Anything special we should lookfor out of you outside of the singles and doubles you've been hitting over thecourse of the last several quarters? Any new types of opportunities that mightbe available out there?Joe Russell Yes. As you know, Jordan, it's hard to peg what kind of dealmight come into play. Relative to, again, is it a single or a double or itmight be something more portfolio oriented and larger in nature and weve gotthe capacity to consider all those types of transactions.And I'm encouraged by the fact that again, with credittightening and fewer traditional I wouldn't even call them traditional. Fewerrecent type buyers that we've been competing against that had, honestly, tooeasy access to capital, with that out of the market.And, again, with our ability to consider either one-offs, orthe larger transactions, what we feel pretty encouraged by what could comeabout as things play out here over the next year or so. And we'll see.Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Great. Thank you.Joe Russell You bet.Operator Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman fromCitigroup.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Hi guys, Ed, you talked about capital costs and how it'sbeen affected by timing. When you look at the full nine-months on a per squarefoot basis you're up about 6% year-over-year. You ended last year just around$1.90 a foot.How should we think about the full year this year? Should weexpect it to be up, or is there going to be some moderation in the fourthquarter?Ed Stokx Certainly the timing is an impact or does impact us in termsof the levels. In terms of trends, if you took our full nine-month numberthat's probably a better indicator of the direction that we're going versus,what might be characterized as a little bit of a spike in the third quarter,just primarily due to timing. So, I would encourage you to look at the nine-monthaverage versus three months.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup So you think that we're you're going to probably a hit northof $2 a foot for the year, using that sort of math?Ed Stokx Potentially, I think that if you use that math you'regetting to a decent trend.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Okay. Thinking about next year, given your shorter leaseterm, you obviously have a fair amount of space rolling, about 22% of theportfolio roll next year, a big chunk in Southern California and NorthernVirginia, can you just give us maybe some insight into some of the roll nextyear, how you feel about it, where you see rent rollovers trending in terms ofjust getting some comfort with next year's roll?Joe Russell Sure. Yes, Michael. The roll over that we've got ahead of usin 2008 is really no different from an average standpoint of what we deal withyear in and year out, and for the most part we're looking for opportunities asthat comes back to us.Southern California we've got about 26% of expiring rentsthere, and, it's tied to 1 million square feet of properties, and about a thirdof that is in Orange County, and the rest of it is in L.A. County, San Diego.And as I mentioned, Orange County in particulars an areawhere we're keeping really close track of, especially because of the dynamicgoing on with office. But, our portfolio doesn't just compete with office. Infact, you know, because of its flex nature, we get a lot of users that franklydon't want an office environment.They would prefer to have something more from a combinationstandpoint whether it's more industrial oriented or a smaller component ofoffice, and the nature of that entire roll in Southern California is smalltenant.And I think we've got in Orange County, for instance, threetenant situations above 10,000 square feet. So we're not going to be outcompeting against the likes of, Ameriquest vacancy or a New Century vacancy orone of these new Office deliveries, because frankly, our tenant base is goingto both want to spend the money to go into one of those buildings or they'renot going to need the size that it would take to move into one of those newbuildings.So, it's the tried and true small tenant, flex roll orenvironment that we deal with on a year in and year out basis, and we'reconfident we can move through it, migrate through it, and we're looking forwardto what's ahead of us there. And then Virginia is the other mark you mentioned.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Yeah.Joe Russell Virginia, again, we are keeping a close eye on that Dullescorridor. We're not heavily tied to that sub market. We do have some productout there, but again, we're much heavier concentrated closer to the beltway,and we've got, again, I think good dynamics ahead of us, whether it's inSpringfield or Maryfield, and we have, I think we've got some goodopportunities ahead of us as we look at that rollover.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup When you think about where rents are, I guess throughoutthis year you've sort of been up 5 to 7% on rollover. When you look at wherethe market is today and where the expires are occurring in 08, in what, giveus a little bit more color on where you see that trending?Joe Russell Yeah, I mean, it's going to vary, as it always does, marketto market, and, again, I would say, as J P talked, we saw in Orange County,let's start on one end of the spectrum to another, even this quarter we saw 5%rent growth in Orange County, could that soften a bit?Sure, with again the things we're talking to in keeping aneye on, but to counter balance that we've still got I think good opportunitiesin markets that again are still, strong you've got Northern California,Florida, as I mentioned, Virginia, Maryland, and, again, we're thinking we'vegot good opportunities as not only we're coming off of deals that may have beensigned anywhere from, say, two to five years ago, but, conditions are still,not detrimental to the landlord. We can still figure out ways of improvingrental rates.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Right. And thinking about use of capital you said you wouldwant to maintain dry powder for acquisitions?Joe Russell Yes.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup You haven't bought back any stock this year. You look atyour stock being down 20% for the year, trading upwards of high seven's,implied cap rate, why not use some of that powder in something thatyou know the best?Joe Russell Well, again, that is an opportunity and an alternative inthe variety of things that we look to do from a capital allocation standpoint,and we have authorization today, it's 1.2 million shares to do stock buybacks.As you mention, we haven't done them this year, but again,we'll see how the mix of opportunities play out and how, again, we want to useany of our existing cash balances or capital structure to do something likestock buybacks. Then again, balance that with everything else that we'reconsidering.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup I'm just wondering why, with such a high implied cap rate onyour existing portfolio, I think it would be pretty hard to find acquisitionsat a 7.7, 7.8 implied cap, with the growth that you see in your own portfoliothat you can underwrite.Why wouldn't that be a great alternative today to putcapital to work? I'm also wondering why you haven't been able, why you haven'tdone it yet?Joe Russell Well, again, we have done it. We haven't done it in calendaryear 2007. We've always balanced it with what other investment alternatives wehave. We've found good opportunities to grow the portfolio which maybe we don'tget that initial yield at the 7, 7.5, but we're pretty confident we can getthat if not more traction as we migrate into these opportunities and are ableto reposition them and get good growth out of them from that direction.Again, it's certainly it's an alternative on the table, it'sone we look at, but we'll see how it plays out as different alternatives playout.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup And it sounds like there's nothing on the acquisition frontthat you're looking at right now?Joe Russell No, I haven't said that at all. I think the, there's nothingthat we closed through the third quarter, and other than the Fairfaxopportunity that I talked about, but again, we're confident that there willlikely be more opportunities going into the relatively near future, whetherit's in the next few quarters, based on again, this credit volatility that'sout there, and as always, we enjoy the fact that we are nimble, we've got agreat balance sheet, and we can move very, very quickly for the right kinds ofopportunities, and we'll see how that plays out.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Okay. Thank you.Joe Russell You bet.Operator Your next question comes from the Michael Mueller withJPMorgan.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Hi. Question's been answered. Well, actually, kind of goingback to the acquisition question. Q4 has typically been a pretty good quarterin terms of closing deals. Should we expect anything to close this quarter?Joe Russell Again, Mike, you are right, in the context that it hasn'talways been a great quarter, but things can happen relative to sellers needingyear-end closings and things lake that. I think the thing that is differentabout what appears to be happening in the investment market today there's beensuch a negative reaction to the lack of capital available, again, to thesebuyers that have had such easy access that frankly many sellers are hesitatingto take properties to the market right now.So there's a little bit of a different mix and a differentoverhang in the investment arena because of that right now, and again we'll seehow things play out, but I would say that's one thing that is a littledifferent based on maybe a traditional fourth quarter environment, andalternatively, though, we'll see how both that plays out and then how thingstranspire into 2008 where if, for whatever reason, sellers are hesitating tobring product to market this quarter.I think there are still going to be a number of situationsthat will need to get brought to the market, and maybe they get deferred into2008, but again, we are pretty confident we can be a sensible buyer with maybeeven better opportunities because the competitive arena is just not the same.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay. You kind of touched on this, but going back to leasingspreads again, is it safe to say that based on what you see now, you'rethinking that the spreads on new leases will be comparable to what you'reseeing in '07, as you move out to '08?Joe Russell Well, as you know, we don't give guidance, but the thingthat's I think beneficial to our portfolio is we've got a good amount of marketdiversity. If you look at our nine or so major markets, and one, two, or threeof those markets are softening we've still got the advantage of others eitherstill staying in good check or maybe even getting stronger.Even a market as JP talked about like Texas, and, which hasbeen deflated and a sub performer for quite sometime, and finally the marketdynamics and the overall economic drivers in an Austin or a Dallas or even tosome degree a Houston are stronger and you're coming off still pretty low basisas far as rent growth, or rent levels to help drive better rent growth.So the mix is helping us, and we're pleased by that mix, andit's one of the benefits of not only having the combination of the smallertenant orientation and the lack of any real meaningful spec competitiveactivity in the spec arena, or in the flex arena, but I would say the crosspollination of various markets and it's helping us.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Thank you.Joe Russell You bet.Operator Your next question comes from David Cohen with MorganStanley. David Cohen - Morgan Stanley Good afternoon. Just a couple of follow-up questions. You'vetalked about, obviously this is a landlord's environment still, but are you guyspreparing internally for an economic slowdown?I guess, what I mean is do you have the ability to kind ofextend lease terms a little bit longer even if they're still short, or are youprepared to kind of give a little bit on rents or concessions over the nextcouple of quarters just to make sure that you're well occupied going into aslowdown, and how early can you kind of address some of the leases that arerolling next year? Joe Russell Okay. Yes, it's a mix, David, quarter-to-quarter we'll doanywhere from say 350 to 400 lease transactions. By virtue of that we have ourhands on all of our markets, and we can react very quickly.We can adjust, and we can do a number of things that eitherare tailorable to our reaction to blow by blow market changes, whether itrelates to a lease term, either extending or shortening, or a concession levelor things like that, and, yes, we'll make those adjustments and we react tothem, and that's one of the benefits of our structure.I think, as you know, all of our leasing people and ourmarket officers are in their markets, they're on the properties, each and everyday, and we do a high percentage of our own lease transactions. So we can senseand react to the range of changes that go on in any given market at any giventime, and what our goal is, is to make sure we're interpreting that on adeal-by-deal basis and we understand what the dynamics are.When it's a new lease, a renewal, an expansion, any of thosekinds of things, and again this model is tied to smaller users, and weunderstand them well, we understand the things that are driving theirbusinesses, we stay close to those users, and again, one of the things we'retrying to do for instance, right now in Florida is we are trying toget longer terms there, and we like the rent levels we're achieving there andthe market statistics are as strong there as they've ever been. Again, this isright at MICC at the Miami airport.It's a good time to try to get as much term as possible.Alternatively, if you're having a little bit of a softness in another marketand it's deal by deal an advantage maybe to go a little bit shorter term on aparticular transaction, when you're weighing the advantage of keeping a tenantversus potentially losing one we can react to that very quickly.There's a whole host of things we do week by week as we'reworking with our leasing volume but again, we're built to handle that, and weall stay very close to it. David Cohen - Morgan Stanley Okay. And just back to potential acquisitions, you said thatyou expect some softening in cap rates. What can you put some kind of a finerpoint on that in terms of how much you think cap rates have shifted and talkabout each of the asset classes, which you expect to shift most and how muchgets you more excited to do kind of larger portfolio acquisitions? Joe Russell Yes, okay. It might be a little bit difficult tocompartmentalize it across the portfolio, but as I mentioned you got cap rates,no surprise, have shifted and my sense in general is anywhere from 25 to maybe75 basis points. Again, across a pretty wide variety of both markets andproduct type.I would say it's been less of a shift as you go to a smallerasset in combination with a strong location. In fact, even in the thirdquarter, we were very surprised to see some well located and well occupiedassets trading at these very historical cap rates where you could argue thatthere really hasn't been a shift.Now alternatively, as you get maybe into a bigger sizeacquisition, I would say there's probably more of a cap rate shift there andagain, I think that's just an indication that the buyers that are going tochase those deals don't have that easy access to capital.On the lower end, say a $10 million to a $20 millionacquisition, a lot of times you're dealing with buyers that have easy access tocapital because they maybe cash buyers, or they're doing trades, or againthere's a different dynamic with the way that they're structuring thoseacquisitions.The bigger portfolios I think are going see a little moreimpact and frankly, there just hasn't been enough data points or enoughtransactions taking place, say through mid summer through today that I thinkany of us know exactly what reduction is at hand but it definitely feels likethere is one.David Cohen - Morgan Stanley And which are there other new markets that you guys haven'tdiscussed that you would consider entering at this point?Joe Russell The markets in which we operate in, especially like the ninemajor markets, we feel like we've got very strong opportunities to continue togo deeper. The majority of our focus ties to that and looking other things thatwould prompt to us enter a new market beyond good diversity, good economics,opportunities over time, stronger barriers to entry, things like that isfrankly, just a big enough beachhead for us to establish our own operatingteam.And more often than not that's a tough thing to achieve. Andwhat we're more focused on doing is just going deeper into either existingmarkets or sub-markets, and we feel like we've got great opportunities tocontinue to do that.David Cohen - Morgan Stanley And just last question your margins increased nicely thisquarter. Say something that you think can be sustained or is that based onone-time items?Ed Stokx Yes, we feel pretty good about where our margins are thisquarter. We think it's a good indicator of where the portfolio is kind ofleveling at in terms of what the right margin level. It's been impacted overthe last several quarters by higher costs, we had higher repairs andmaintenance, higher insurance, and other things in the past, utility costs thathave impacted that, but we believe that we're starting to see some stabilizingin that area.David Cohen - Morgan Stanley Great. Thanks.Joe Russell Thanks, David.Operator Your next question comes from Michael Bilerman withCitigroup.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Just had a two quick follow-ups. Ed, you mentioned thistenant in Northern California is now doing all their payments. Is there anyfourth quarter accounting impact for the catch-up?Ed Stokx No, they're current and we don't have any third quarter orfourth quarter impact from them from a financial standpoint.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Okay. I think Joe, in your opening comments you mentioned$70 million of cash. Balance sheet has 57 at quarter end is there? Are youincluding something else? Ed Stokx He's just giving kind of a current cash balance based onactivity subsequent to September 30th.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup So, how do you get $13 million more cash?Ed Stokx Just retain cash from rents billed for October and rents billedfor November.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Prior to the dividend payment I guess?Ed Stokx Yes.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup You expect it to come back down? There hasn't been any assetsales or anything one-time in nature?Ed Stokx No, that's just current cash balance based on where we standtoday.Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Okay. Thank you.Ed Stokx You bet.Operator Your next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Hi, where could you guys price preferred stock today, if youwould?Ed Stokx Mike, we're being told that the market is probably for us inthe 7 3/4 to 7 7/8 range is wherewe'd probably place capital today.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay. So, that's why the fees are staying outstanding eventhough it's only $20 million bucks?Ed Stokx Yes, exactly.Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Okay. Thanks.Operator There are no further questions at this time.Ed Stokx Okay. Thank you Melissa. We would like to thank everyone forjoining us, and we look forward to talking to you at the fourth quarterconference call. Thank you.Operator This concludes today's conference call. You may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-13 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Blackstone Group's Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. My name is Camey and it will be my pleasure to be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conduction a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to the Senior Managing Director Public Markets, Ms. Joan Solotar. Please proceed, ma'am.
Joan Solotar: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the first earnings call for Blackstone since our IPO in June. I am joined today by Tony James, President and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Puglisi, Chief Financial Officer, and Dennis Walsh, Chief Accounting Officer. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing second quarter results, which is available on our website. Before we review the quarter, and take your questions, I would like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements, which are not historical facts, but instead represent only Blackstone's belief regarding future events. Many of which by their nature are inherently uncertain and outside of the firms control. Actual results and financial condition may differ possibly materially from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. As well, the company does not undertake any duty to update forward-looking statements. I will refer you to the risk factor section of our S-1 document and the MD&A section of our 10-Q, which will be filed later today. This audiocast is copyrighted material of The Blackstone Group's and may not be duplicated, reproduced, or rebroadcast without consent. I will give you a brief overview of the results; turn it over to Mike, to discuss the details of the quarter, and then to Tony to talk about the business and the environment. Bottom-line on the quarter ending June is that results were fantastic across our business segments. Pro forma revenues grew 191% year-over-year to $979 million in the second quarter that's down from roughly $1.2 billion in this year's first quarter. After-tax pro forma's net income or ENI totaled $515.5 million that's up more than 300% from last year's $118.1 million, and down from the first quarter $694 million per unit that's $0.46 ENI in the second quarter versus a $0.11 a year ago and $0.62 in this year's s first quarter. Declines in revenue and ENI from the first quarter related to large revenue contribution from the EOP deal in the first quarter. If you look at adjusted cash flow, which takes out any unrealized gains and unrealized comps associated with those gains that totaled $689 million that's up 200% from last year's second quarter, which was $227 million and it's more than doubled this year's first quarter at $330 million. If you divide that by the appropriate units, it was $0.63 in the second quarter that compared with $0.21 a year ago and $0.30 in this year's first quarter. Year-over-year you could see that we had robust performance trends across private equity, real estate and the marketable alternate business. We saw growth within the advisory business as well, but to give you a little more clarity, M&A flow and the placement of alternatives was up quite a bit but we were in a weak environment for the corporate restructuring group. Since that time we've actually seen a nice pickup in restructuring activity. Sequentially, we saw meaningful increases other than in real estate where, as I had mentioned earlier, we had a large contribution in the first quarter from EOP transaction. Regarding the environment, in the last week of June, we experienced the beginnings of significant dislocation in the financial markets, particularly in the US. Generally speaking the market in these floatations are certainly challenging in several ways. A full cycle is ultimately best for our business longer term such that there are periods during which we can acquire properties more cheaply and with less competition, and then other periods where we can more easily harvest investment gains. Regarding our hedge funds, they are actually all solidly up year-to-date. Overall, we feel good about our properties and our competitive position and we think we could be the beneficiaries of a slight cyclicality in our business. We are also optimistic about our business opportunities ahead of us. Some examples, we have hired a partner in real estate focused on liquid and debt securities, we've opened real estate offices in Tokyo and Hong Kong. Now, we have several new products in planning stages both in liquid and long term strategies, and we are seeing an increased contribution from our European M&A practice which are still in early stages of development. A couple of comments on the release before I turn it over to Mike. We've given you GAAP results and then reconciled that to economic net income or ENI. ENI is a non-GAAP measurement that we use internally to benchmark performance. It takes out the non-cash vesting of equity comp as well as the amortization of intangibles from GAAP net income and you can see that reconciliation in the release and in the Q. I have given you this pro forma cash flow for the quarter just to remind you that was $0.61 in the second quarter, up from $0.21 a year ago. And I'll now turn it over to Mike to give you the segment results. Mike?
Mike Puglisi: Thank you, Joan. Good morning to all. I will take you through some of the financial results and the metrics for our company, and as well the different 404 business segments. First as to our income statement, we reported second quarter net income of $774 million, up significantly from last year. Similarly, pro forma ENI after tax rose meaningfully as well to $515 million in the June quarter. For the six months ended June 30, 2007, our net income was $1.9 billion, our pro forma ENI after tax for that six month period was $1.2 billion, a 221% increase over the comparable period and that's a $1.08 per unit. And our pro forma adjusted cash flow from operations for the six months ended June 30, '07 totaled $1.019 billion or $0.94 per unit, a 31% increase over the comparable prior period. Our management fees which are one of least lumpy revenue items for us grew more than 24% to $358 million in the quarter and accounted for 37% of our revenues. With respect to our business segments, our first segment Private Equity had achieved excellent results with revenue growth of 239% to $426 million. The biggest changes were in performances fees and allocations, which rose to $254 million from $22 million a year ago. This line item will move around from quarter to quarter. We also grew fee-earning assets under management and private equity by $3 billion to $23.6 billion. In our private equity segment most the LP capital to work this year was in the second quarter at $1.6 billion. As of July 3, 2007, we had $6 billion of additional LP capital commitments for our private equity segment. Moving on to our Real Estate segment, it too performed very well with revenues up in all categories. In the aggregate, revenues grew 248% in the quarter, we had a fourfold increase in performance fees and allocations and 47% rise in management fees. At the end of the quarter, we had $15.1 billion in real estate fee earning assets under management compared with roughly $9 billion last year. We put $71 million of LP capital to work in real estate in the second quarter and of note, we announced the Hilton transaction after quarter-end, which remains on track to close in the fourth quarter. Including the Hilton deal, real estate has committed $2.9 billion in transactions as of July 3rd of this year. As to our Marketable Alternative segment, it also achieved more than fourfold increase in revenues. We had healthy investment performance with all categories out performing benchmark indices and we had great success gathering assets leading to fee earnings assets of period end of $33 billion, up from $18.7 billion a year ago. Our fourth business segment the Financial Advisory business, realized revenue increases of $98 million up $17.7 from last year's second quarter. We saw healthy M&A deal flow and strong demand for our fund placement businesses, as Joan mentioned. We had, howeve,r with respect to our restructuring group creditors for was not the best environment. However we have seen a pickup in restructuring activity over the last several weeks. With respect to our capital position, regarding our statement of financial conditions, the primary proceeds from the recent IPO totaled $2.9 billion of which $1.2 billion was used to repay outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility roughly $1.25 has been invested within our Marketable Alternatives segment, and another roughly $150 million has been funded or is in the process of being funded, as general partner interest in our private equity and real estate funds. Two additional items, I would like to note with respect to our statement of financial condition. You will note that total assets and total liabilities and partner's capital have decreased significantly from December 31st 2006 to June 30th 2007. As we've noted in our S-1 filing, we were undertaking to grant kick-out rates to certain of our Blackstone funds unaffiliated investors. We have done so and our statement of the financial condition as of June 30th reflects that impact mainly the deconsolidation of these funds from our financials, where these kick-out rates were effective prior to June 30th. In the third quarter, you will see deconsolidation of certain fund or hedge funds, which became effective July 1st. I would also like to highlight, I will point out that our good will and intangible assets totaled $2.2 billion, as of June 30,'07 as compared to approximately $8 billion that was reflected in our pro forma statement of financial condition presented in our S1. Subsequent to our Initial Public Offering, the SEC agreed that we should include the senior management directors of the firm and that solely our founders in our control group, which in effect meant that we recorded their exchange, their interest at their costs therefore reducing goodwill and other intangibles by approximately $6 billion and also lower amortization expense from what we had anticipated in the perspectives. With that, I would l like to turn it over to Tony James.
Tony James: Okay. Well thank you Mike and thank you everyone for your time. I am going to talk little bit about qualitatively what's going on in each of our segments and then try to give you a feel for the different businesses, and then we can get into more detail on questions. Starting with our 07 Private Equity, we had a very good quarter essentially tripled in both revenues and earnings over last year and also well above sequential quarter, which is the first quarter of the year. The portfolio is in great shape operationally other than a few coming specific issues with the no sign in the general slowdown in the economies or particularly in the US economy. With respect to our European investments, the economy there actually stronger than have been in the last five years as far as the effect at the least and we are gaining the benefit of the appreciation with the dollar in the Europe. Asia continues very strong growth once again. We see no pullback there. We have in our existing portfolio as you know 50 companies thereabout amongst some of them are already covered. They have about $3.5 billion of power securities in our portfolio, and when the stock markets move of course they move, so there has been some downward movement in post June 30th, but nothing outlined with the market. In terms of fund raising, we added $1.01 billion to our assets under management and finalized closing ECP 5. ECP 5 at $21.7 billion is the largest fund in history, and it's already 70% invested. It's our typical practice to start raising a new fund, when we get to be about three quarters invested, so that's something we will anticipate doing shortly. In terms of new investing, I think, we stayed very disciplined this year. In fact, we found the first half of the year extremely frustrating, as we are routinely outbid by 10% to 15% by other bidders and companies that were for sale. 10% to 15% might not sound like a lot, but in the market for corporate control, when you put that as the total enterprise value differential is quite a lot, and that was frustrating. I think that discipline that we show for the first half of the year is paying off very handsomely now. We have a little in the way of hung up deals with lots of dry powder. We have fund in very good shape, and so I think this is kind of our market, if you will. Meanwhile values are already starting to correct. We are already thinking of willingly taking lower prices doing things like taking paperback and other things, they won't willing to do earlier this year. So I think, on balance the return opportunities that we see in private equity has the best we have seen in at least two years. Setting up new deals in this environment is clearly harder, and that will have some impact on our near term results in two ways. First of all, it will mean that step up fees, if you are setting up fewer deals will be softer and it also will delay realization. We do try to time our realization to be the right time to sell and with the stock it bar market where they are, we might back off somewhat of that. Although we continue to have a robust scheduled realization on track as well, but there are some mitigates longer term. First of all, as I mentioned, I think we can anticipate better, better returns for all the money we do put to work. Secondly there is less competition for properties now and we suite that allow the marginal players how the industry, which is good thing. We announced a deal last week, most recent deal, which is $500 million investment in Stiefel pharmaceutical. We were very, very excited about. So I think that there will be clearly fewer mega deals until the market that market come back a little bit. But there is still a lot of opportunities and things like preferred stock, which was Stiefel investment, smaller buyouts, access, the companies who used to have access to debt or equity markets are now turning to the private markets. That I will know we got to have a very robust pipeline and fields in Asia. And then finally we are looking hard at taking advantage of distressed credit market by buying actually debt instruments at discount and usually with some attractive special purpose leverage. We have a backlog of closings in private equity of about 10 investments already agreed to involving over $0.5 billion to equity, which closed for the balance of '07, which put us in good shape in the segment for the balance of the year. In real estate in general the picture is quite similar, although is negative with the corporate market. That's ironical given that the triggering event of this was the problem in the subprime area. But real estate life private equity had a tremendous second quarter to a triple in revenues or more than triple in revenues and earnings. Real estate was slightly below, the second quarter slightly below sequential with first quarter. However, because the first quarter has the benefit of ELP, which was of course the huge deal that generated a lot of fees and also some immediate gains on asset sales. The portfolio, real estate portfolio is also in terrific shape, rents are still increasing almost every market we are in. And replacement costs are still extremely high and too high to justify new supply. So, I think that the fundamental outlook for the portfolio is very strong as it is with private equity. All of our real estate properties financed with long term capital and rate caps they are fine from a financial standpoint. We sold over $40 billion of assets this year at very good prices, so in many cases we brought down our, so to speak, our risk and our purchase prices are a basis in the remainder, and feel very good about other fundamental values what we sit today. In terms of fund raising we had another closing on BREP VI bringing up to $10 billion out of a maximum of $10.2 billion so, we will have a final closing but that's about done. This slight private equity is the largest real estate business fund ever raised and I think that it is 40% divested as we speak. We added in real estate a new partner to build a credit opportunity/mezzanine capability with respect to real estate investments, I think that we added about 6 months ago but I think the timing is the most ideal for that now. And we have couple of different real estate funds in the market. In terms of the new investing environment for real estate life private equity is challenging with respect to large deals and so, the investment phase will probably climb somewhat from the frenzied level of the past two years. But there is still good deal flow particularly in Asia and Europe. While public stocks are down, individual asset value is pretty stable although clearly some of the froth in the market has gone. As I mentioned I think it's going to be hard to do the [very big trade] so it will be more focused on one-off individual assets which is where the market has traditionally lived. As of private equity, this is mitigated for us by having the marginal players especially those who lie in the bridge equities piece of the market. So, in an environment like this it's a real advantage for the bigger funds and the ones that have greater access to capital, both of which accrues to our advantage. In terms of future closings, the biggest here we have in the pipeline is Hilton. And there I should say the that not scheduled, as Mike has said, it closed in the fourth quarter. We got financing in place so, there is no issues there, and results continue very strong in Hilton's businesses. Our next segment is the marketable alternative assets management business and this too had a great second quarter more than tripling revenue and profits as well. Assets under management in this business were at $31 billion as of at the end of March are now at $41 billion, a 30% increase in just 4 months, and that is growth across all our product lines. The investment performance that were funds, they all of them had a very strong second quarter in terms of both absolute returns and relative to their benchmark to their comparable peer groups. Since June 30th, they have been about flat and are still as John mentioned well up year-to-date and in particular out of the performance in Asia has been spectacular in the Asian fund. Our credit businesses, which are our CLO business and [merit business], are both doing extremely well. This is an environment which is that were set-up to the price. So, their deal flow is up substantially, and their potential returns from investments, is also up substantially. Our CLOs were not getting much wider spreads over their cost of funds than they were pre-June 30th, and our mezzanine funds have seen return move from the low double-digit to 15% plus on mezzanine investment. With public markets down, it's a great environment for our credit funds, because there is nowhere else for people looking to do leverage transactions to go. In terms of fund raising in this segment, we continue to gather assets in our existing businesses, and have several new funds, new vehicles in the market and the process has been launched, as we speak. Our last segment is the Advisory segment, they had a solid second quarter with revenues up 17% year-over-year, and they were also up sequentially over the first quarter. Backlogs were up significantly over last year, and seem to be holding not withstanding their most recent results in the credit market. As you heard restructuring had a weak environment, but there is little move going on now as a result of credit contraction. Park Hill Group is sold out into well next year in terms of their capacity to take on new business. And in M&A, the corporate business continues unabated, but some of the sellers looking for private equity bid are putting the process on hold temporarily and this could bode some softness in the near term if the market don't stabilize, but usually once they stabilized Stiefel accept the new levels and come back. Some new initiatives in the advisory segment we continue to build out Europe. We now have four partners with support teams in M&A restructuring and a full complement of people in Park Hill Group in Europe, and once the notable mandates right out of the box including representing Reuters and the merger with Thomson and representing China in the investment in Barclays, they will facilitate ABN Amro bid there is some fantastic wins there for us. Overall for the whole front, as you heard I think we had a very good quarter both in terms of financial results and where are the businesses. I should say our adjusted cash flow was 680, you heard about the earnings and ENI, earnings net income tripling, adjusted cash flow 688 million compared to 227 million in '06 and with only about half of that 321 million in the first quarter. Assets under management firm wide went at the end of March 31 from 83 billion and we now have 98.5 million in the assets under management. We realized your focus will be on the future however, not so much the past and I would say I feel that our competitive position in each business is never going to stronger. And we continue to build out our footprint with John [Nash], who just opened a new office in Tokyo. The real estate teams being deployed in Hong Kong and Mumbai and its advisory team is being deployed in Europe. Our opportunities to earn return are substantially greater then they have been for sometime. That bodes well for future with so much of our earnings eventually come from investments gains. We have seven new funds in the market, which should raise something like $15 to $20 billion in incremental AUM by the end of next year. And that's in addition to the capital that our existing hedge funds will take in the ordinary course. Finally, we have a number of new initiatives that we were working on, with the new businesses, where we would began starting either de novo or based on our acquisitions to get them started and many of those were very exciting as well. So, that's the summary of the business. I didn't want to talk briefly about the tax situation in Washington because I am sure that's the question in people's mind. And just to save the question, I just though of just going ahead and tell you what I know about that. Obviously there has been substantial crest about that. There have been several bills proposed that was either a tax carriage income, better capital gain, as current income or we change the way publicly traded partnerships are taxed. However not withstanding the crest of those proposals, of those bills we have gotten, it's also considerable acquisition to those incumbent. And no consensus emerged so far; even to permit a committee vote on any of these initiatives. That wouldn't surprise me given the makeup of Congress as tax in general, our roads over the next few years especially for high income earners and on capital gains because there is a need to pay for double program. Our goal is just to see that the private equity is treated consistently and fairly in relation to or a similar situated businesses like venture capital, real estate energy and so on. Well I can't predict what's happened. I can't say that I think the worst case would be at some point between now and 2013 our tax rate on a fully public basis will increase from 15% to 20% to something like 35% to 40%, if we can do something fundamental from a structural standpoint to reduce that tax rate. Now, we hope that it won't happen. But that's the worse that could happen, and we think even that has been more and fully just discounted in the stock price, but you guys would be the better judges of that than I. With that, that's my summary. With that, I think, we will open it up for questions, and I guess you beep the operator and however that's done.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Roger Freeman with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed sir.
Roger Freeman: Hi, good morning. I guess Tony you made an interesting comment about returns going forward you think the opportunities are good. If you think about the maybe the leverage coming down in future deals, and then I think you've mentioned that housing prices have come down as well. How do you sort of see that all playing out? I mean, I think, you made a comment in the past that increasing leverages is really accrued to seller. So, if leverage comes down and deal prices come down, did your returns go up?
Tony James: Now Roger, the simple answer is yes. It takes what sometimes you have an adjustment period that's does not usually all that long, but you have an adjustment period. But basically what happens is we have raised our return just like all the other asset classes, returns also have gone up. So, whereas equity returns were sneaking down into towards the mid teens, we tried to resist that but for a great company might have been add there. They are now up in to the high-teens or low 20s again where they have been historically, and you get there with less leverage and you get there with lower purchase price to compensate for the leverage. In the last six months, every investment while we have gotten a lot of leverage, we assumed that when we exited the deal, we exited at a multiple substantially less than we are paying to go in. So, you have to not only get the leverage to work for you, but you have to and make the operational changes to get the earnings. And those had to compensate for declining multiples. That multiple bites out of the returns much lower now. And so even without the leverage, you can still get higher returns.
Roger Freeman: Okay. That's helpful. I guess one of the other thing I think you have said has been quite beneficial to you is the lack of life covenants in NDOs and I guess that is pretty much off the table now and future deals going forward. As you look at deals that you have done, maybe the first half of this year, I mean how many of those would you not have done if you haven't gotten covenant like terms, and how do you think that is going to impact you going forward?
Tony James: Well, I guess, two comments to that. It's the covenant life becomes much, much more important as your leverage ratio gets higher. So, when you have ten times debt, you need covering it like structures much more when you have fixed on debt because you guys have less room in the whole capital structure. So as leverage ratios comes down that will become less important. So, I was just want to make that point number one. In simple answer to your question, I think there is a couple of deals in there, we probably wouldn't have done without certainly the prices we did, without covering life structures. On the other hand in general as you look at it, we were not a very aggressive buyer in the first of this year because, (a) we almost never took all the leverage to market operative and (b) as I mentioned before we just couldn't to get the price that others saw. So, it wasn't changed much of what we would have decided to do, Candley.
Roger Freeman: Okay. Thanks. One just last thing and I will jump back into queue. As you think you had to raising your next private equity fund, you have any thoughts at this point on how they big the fund that might be and is that change at all as you got healthy investment overall the last few weeks?
Tony James: Well, I'll just not to comment on the specific because we have some product placement exemption regulation that we have to, have to respect. But so I'm going to dug that question Roger.
Roger Freeman: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Fischer with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Matt Fischer: Hi, good morning. In terms of taxes how should we think about give that they will likely fluctuate core into business mix? How do we think about going forward reasonable rate?
Joan Solotar: We have given you the range of 15% to 20% and that's half of the pro forma ENI. And it will vary based as you say on a mix so imperious to where you going to have more non-qualified that tax at the full corporate rate, it will end up more towards the 20% whereas when you have more in the gain side we will end up more towards the 15%. So, it really will vary based on the mix.
Matt Fischer: Okay.
Joan Solotar: You should be taxing the non-qualified at the full corporate rate and then the rest flows through to the partnership at zero.
Matt Fischer: Right. And then, in terms of Tony's statement, the opportunity best in two years, is this across all of the businesses or is there particular pockets of opportunity?
Tony James: Well, when I said that on that I was really talking about private equity. It's a little hard to generalize across all the businesses. So that was a reference to the private.
Matt Fischer: Okay
Tony James: To private equity.
Matt Fischer: And then, within real estate, could you tell us I guess when we look at EOP the carry gains and fees associated with your pay during the quarter and perhaps on what percent of the investment remains at this point?
Tony James: Well, we've sold approximately $27 billion of EOP assets out of fortyish.
Matt Fischer: Okay. And then at quarter-end, can you tell us what that number was, there was some more recent announcement so?
Tony James: May be Joan can get back to you, I am not sure exactly what that was at quarter-end.
Matt Fischer: Okay. I guess that it for now Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line for Michael Hecht with Banc of America. Please proceed.
Michael Hecht: Good morning
Joan Solotar: Good morning.
Michael Hecht: So, I just wanted to come back on broadly and think about I mean, you guys have now earned about $0.94 of adjusted cash flow from operations so far in the first six months. And, I assume you're still targeting paying out about a 100% this is a dividend, I mean since you have now are more than 75% of what you committed to pay out as an annual kind of annual rate, I mean, at what point you think you will look at reconsidering what dividend level is most appropriate, I know earnings could be lumpy and stuff but just generally?
Tony James: Well that's a fair question, Michael. We don't want get into the trap of, frankly as we've discussed, may be it's not the trap, we don't want get into the habit of giving guidance. So, what we try to do is give a minimum that we thought was something we comfortably earn. And each year as we go into the year we probably have a somewhat certainly in the next three years probably pay out $0.30 a quarter in the first few quarters and then sort of have a larger fourth quarter dividend where we have a true up, and it allows us I think to manage our business in the way that's best for all the investors, not the people on this call as well as some of their partners and not have to be managing to a target that might become artificial. As the last 30 days has showed, it shows how quickly the world can change. And I am just glad, I don't have to manage to something that we put out there 6 or 9 months ago. And I think we are pretty determined to stick on to that. So, I think we will just leave with the $1.20 where it is and pretty well and more and if we do in it will be paid off.
Michael Hecht: Got you. It's fair enough. May be you come back your comments on kind of return environment, I think we are all kind of pleasantly surprise to hear about your outlook on returns I am hearing at that time of the IPO you guys have kind of given some ranges on multiples of invested capital and holding periods across both Corporate Private Equity and Real Estate Private Equity. May be can you just remind us kind of those what those ranges are? And then anything in the recent environment that kind of suggests where we are for both of those, it sounds like may be on the multiple side a little bit higher, but on the holding period also a little bit higher as well?
Tony James: Yeah. I think directionally that's probably right. But to remind you, historically, both the real estate and private equity has been about 2.6 to 1 multiple of money historically, real estate has been about 2.2 to 1. And the holding periods of private equity have been 3.5 years and real estate something short of 2.5 years, I think about. I think in this environment, I would have said that we were getting close in the early part of the year even on the deals we were doing, and we were I think more disciplined than most of looking at multiples of money where the anticipation was 2 or close to it maybe a little bit more unless you got lucky. And we usually count on being pretty conservative and take that out of it. So, on our runs, we were looking at often deals that didn't have much over to in them. At this point the deals were looking have 2.5 to 3 on them. But, we are also expecting in this market to put the money out and let it work for a little longer. So, where as the last fund I think, the holding period got down to about 2 years, it will be more verging towards this historical average.
Michael Hecht: Okay, great that's helpful. And then in the press, we kind of read a lot about different deals facing kind of financing issues or kind of investment bank pushing back on unbridged loans and stuff. I mean, can you talk about what kind of sensitivity you guys have that I guess, more so in some of the deals that are either in your backlog or kind of deals that you were working on and seeing today?
Mike Puglisi: Yeah. Okay. Well, lot of pushback in that. I think our backlog generally in pretty good shape. The only issues would be in our view were company's fundamental business prospects are deteriorating, in which case we would have to rethink that because we have a usually material adverse change their results. But just financing market itself, we don't have any worries in that. We don't sign up any deals once we have the money and it's committed and capped and all that sort of thing. So, assuming that our view of the company that we are buying, the fundamental business hasn't changed, we should in that environment therefore get to the return we bargain for which is still attractive. Because as I say we didn't chase deals in the first half of this year from a return perspective. So, I think that and we have very few un-builds as I mentioned and I think we are in very good shape there. I will say this, the deal flow continues to be very strong and we are also start to look directly at some of the debt securities, which are trading at the front level, but they are not distressed [from a color] perspective. For companies that we have worked on and we over bid we starting to look at those is being very attractive investment, very frankly I think we maybe able to buy the debt in these companies and get a higher return in underlying equity and we are looking hard at that. That's pretty appealing us.
Michael Hecht: Okay, great. That's interesting. Thanks. Just one last question, a lot of focus today obviously on a kind of quench strategies on the street, some of the Goldman Sachs one for example. Can you just remind us within the marketable alternative business and do you have any products more on the quantitative side that might be impacted by some of the correlation issues we are seeing in some of other products out there.
Tony James: Well, I will say that, the simple answer is that we have limited exposure I think the total exposure bank stuff 3.5% of assets. But I will also say that the press reports that the client funds are having problems, is reflected in what we do see out there. There were a lot of them thats have the correlation model suddenly going out of wrack.
Michael Hecht: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Prashant Batia with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Prashant Batia: Hi, you talked about the backlog on the financing side, it seems like you can mange to do that pretty well. Do you think it has implications in terms of the industry there are some other players that have much bigger deals backed up in that backlog, and how long do you think it will take to clear that backlog in terms of the financing that needs to be done?
Tony James: Well, that's a great question and it's one, I must we've been debating a lot. We've got a one of the things that we can do is to create advantage. We've got our debt people, and our equity people and our private equity people all together. So, you can see it from all the different perspectives, our bank loan people, and so on, and I think that's the great advantage. And we've want through that wonderful process and come out with an answer that clear much, no one really knows. I think, the sense that people will come back right after labor day and this business is usual with some people are still talking about less or today, but you will be surprised even a couple of good days in the market and they started saying that again. I think that sense is way too optimistic to myself. I think it will take a while to work through this. But the good part of it is, it's just imbalances, supply and demand. It's not fundamental credit problems. So, you are not having these credits blowup, and that's kind of why I want to talk about what we see through our portfolio company. We don't see any signs of an economic slowdown. Although the do and stay scenario is that concern in the credit markets and equity market, and home prices arouse consumer confidence, and consumer starts to pullback, and that does trigger a shorter economy. We are not seeing that yet, but it could happen. But I don't have any clear answers for you honestly.
Prashant Batia: Okay. Great. But either way it sounds like you can be opportunistic, if it takes a lot longer than the next couple of months.
Tony James: Absolutely, I think with respect to all of our new capital that's probably a good thing. With respect to the existing investments obviously if the markets come way down then it will push the realization without further.
Prashant Batia: Okay. And then just in terms of the new capital raise at the IPO, I think after paying off debt, it was roughly a $1.6 billion. Could you just give us an update on have you put some of that to work already or is that kind of on the side lines ready to be put to work later?
Joan Solotar: Mike actually went through some of that. But Mike can you run through it again?
Mike Puglisi: Sure, I will be to. Yes, we took $1.250 share already have invested that in our MAAM segment. We also put another $150 million. We funded and/or the process of funding into our private equity and real estate deals and we've got some other commitments, which we will be funding in both those areas private equity and real estate over the next several months. We are quickly deploying it, as you can see.
Prashant Batia: Okay. And just in the MAAM segment it looks like, I think, from year end you are up over $10 billion. The performance seems, I think, you had year-to-date and even positive post June or flat post June. Where are those flows coming from primarily? Where you are seeing the best traction in terms of getting new inflows?
Tony James: I guess, I will take that. By far the biggest business there of course is our MAAM hedge fund, fund of funds business, and that as a result of bulk of the flows. Although, it's not end results they continue to gather assets at a very attractive rate. And I think, in an environment like this just a little advertisement for MAAM; it's a fantastic place to put money because they are very downside protected as all of our strategies are. And so, I think investors see that, and I think, Joan or someone mentioned size of quality. I think this is a kind of vehicle that actually benefits in this market environment as well as I think just where we were positioned in each of our segments. I think, the mindset, that's the quality of the MAAM means that people are more gravitate to us. Joan, do you have some specifics you want to add to that?
Joan Solotar: Yeah. Just generally speaking MAAM is the largest dollar amount. But the increases have been strong across the board. So, if you look at the long shot distressed corporate as Asia, etcetera, we have seen very strong double digit it's not triple-digit growth year-over-year.
Prashant Batia: Okay. Great. And then just finally, I know it's still very early, but you are seeing any traction in terms of investment opportunities as they relate to your relationship with China?
Tony James: Well, as we speak, Steve Schwarzman is over there, spending the week in China, and I would say we have a lot of very interesting conversations going on. We actually have a couple of transactions in the works. Our investment transactions and we have obviously benefited from the relationship because when we represented China in their investment in Barclays. Then we have other advisories from China as well. So, it looks promising, but its early days still.
Prashant Batia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Mayor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Matt Fischer: Here with Matt Fischer. And I just wanted to follow up. It seems I don't want to misrepresent what you are saying, but you are saying on the one handed tougher set of deal maybe less mega deals, maybe wouldn't have done a couple of deals or didn't like the structure in place; on the other hand you seem to be pretty optimistic it sounds like as far as the potential deal flow. I'm just trying to reconcile the two along with that public to private transaction to really gone up in the private equity space. Do you think that pulls back a little bit?
Mike Puglisi: Let me just comment first of all. I would do again today every investment we have done in the portfolio, just want to be clear about that. So like every investment, unlike it much today is that as I did earlier in the year. So every investment this year like we have done I will do it again. So I don't want to leave the impression there is deal that with retrospect might not do that, that's not the case at all. As I said, we are very disciplined about pricing and life of deals and there are couple of work have lies more important than other us, but I like them all. And I just want to be clear about that. I do think, but answering you question Mike. I do think that in this environment today it's hard, you are not going to see a lot of mega deals or mega public to private. It's just too hard to get the financing. Ironically it's easier do small deals than large deals today, small being it could still be $1 billion plus deals I'm not talking about really tiny deals, but we have always been a firm that that focused on smaller deals. We've done a number of them that involved equity checks of $100 million or some times even less, and I think that the fact we played the full size structure we will prove to our advantage here. But the mega public to private in this environment is going to be tough. Now, I do think credit will stabilize at some point and when they do, hopefully prices will be a little lower and I think they will be, and the returns will be attractive and the business and the volume of the business of that sort will be good too. But in the mean time, we are looking at number of other ways of playing of investing and there is a lot of things that don't pretend on mega public to private. I mentioned some of them, I mentioned that companies that need capital will take on a pipe I mentioned investments in Asia, there is turnaround, there is buildups, there is a lot of things and if you look at our portfolio in fact most of the investments we've done have fallen into categories other than large public to private and those investments continue active today.
Matt Fischer: And when you refer to less competition right now what were you referring to?
Tony James: There are lot, couple of things I guess, first of all, small funds that were bootstrapping themselves with bridge equity are gone. Secondly, to arrange financing today the banks are still making new loans, I don't want to say they are not. But they are being selective about it, and they are leaning obviously towards their biggest and best customers. That helps us versus most other buyout firms. Thirdly, there are lot of fringe players that were racing in the private equity whether they would be hedge funds or [soften] wealth funds or wealthy individuals and so on that weren't real professionals and with established business practices those guys are largely gone. So, I think the cumulative effective of that and the fact that certain of the big buyout funds, other large funds that distracted they have a lot on their plates means that the room suddenly feels pretty empty.
Matt Fischer: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hojoon Lee with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Hojoon Lee: Hello. To start, could you give us a sense of the types of investment opportunities may be location, size that your funds are finding in Asia? And may be how much of the pipeline of commitments you disclose represents deals in that region?
Tony James: Okay. Well, I am going to be little careful with respect to companies that well, there's been nothing disclosed for obvious reasons. But so I am going to avoid third names in the industry generally but in Asia we have a huge pipeline of deals in India, and for the most part the're minority investments to fund the growth of those companies. In some cases, there are some change in controller investments where we are purchasing the controller of either a public company or a private company but that would be a minority of them, and in some case there of some generational type change type of investments where less growth less volume growth capital to the company then taking out some shareholder company effectuated generational change. I would say that those are across all industries, for the most part though we have been focusing on investments that are driven by growth of the domestic markets, as opposed to growth of the exports. But once again, there is sum of each, but mostly investments driven by the domestic market. The investment sizes would range all the way from $50 million at the low end to do $500 million to the high-end. And while there are fewer investments, we were looking out in China they are in general, they are larger size. And then there is scattered divestments around including some in Japan and other and one or two here and there and other Asian countries. So, I don't know, if that addresses your questions but
Hojoon Lee: That's helpful. Just one follow-up on MAAM. You mentioned that from the IPO proceeds you have invested about $1.25 billion, does this represent the total amount constituting principle investments in the segment?
Tony James: Mike?
Mike Puglisi: No. Well, there is roughly round numbers probably another $500 million on top of that.
Hojoon Lee: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin with Wachovia. Please proceed.
Douglas Sipkin: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. Just a couple of follow-ups. First just specifically, I was a little surprised that the real estate gains weren't higher and obviously correct me if I was wrong, where were the extended stay sale show up or how it's shown up already in some of your numbers?
Mike Puglisi: It has. This is Mike Puglisi speaking. I had already shown up.
Douglas Sipkin: You have even though closed in June.
Mike Puglisi: Yeah, because the mark to markets we taken earlier.
Douglas Sipkin: Also you guys had been writing that all the way through I guess.
Mike Puglisi: Yes.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly just any concern on your part that a lot of this yellow funds that there will be buyers of leverage product or leverage loans et cetera I mean a good portion of those no long funded by Wall Street, percentage of mid. Are you guys concerned that although at some point we all hoping that the supply demand balance for bonds or loans comes back, but maybe the demand element does not come back because of that constituency no longer is going to be there, where is that did you guys view short of a short term phenomenon?
Tony James: Well, I think that's a short term phenomenon, the returns CLO three basic components its got the secured to finance liability side. Its got the senior debt which doubly or triply. There is still demand for that although it probably the rates are probably increased from LIBOR plus 35 to 40 LIBOR plus, 60 or 70. And that is got the mezzanine and I'm going to come back to that because that was the problem as we got the equity. Equity returns are probably increased from sort of low teens to high teens, but there is still equity available. So the missing part is the mezzanine parts there, which are the double and triple stuff in the CLO. That's missing because, that has always been the character might define for CLO and because the providers that were also the people generally they bought structured mortgage product and got hooked by the sub prime, which is how the sub prime leads over into the corporate market that's where the leak ones. Now the returns are now just sky rocketed and I think that you are going to see that those higher returns pull capital into that because you can justify paying a lot more return to that given where the pricing of loans is now. So, I think that over time you will see correction there and you will see the CLOs back. And I know we were working on some specific properties product to take advantage of that opportunity. And I am sure others as well.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay that's helpful. And then just broadly, I mean, it seems likes you guys are still pretty bullish on longer-term prospects. But I probably miss out anyway, any fear that I guess this sort of blip in now like quantitative funds last week, but I guess sort of the backup in LBOs and things like that. So, there was a little bit of arrange into the bullish argument for increasing allocations to alternatives? And then can you segment that may be versus US versus global, how that might change with what's happened or my sense of that you guys still feel pretty optimistic, but I figure it out asking you anyway?
Tony James: Yeah. Well and it's a fair question. I don't think, if I look at environment like this, and I look at what's happening in the general markets, and quant funds that are of specific nature, we are not in that. So, I don't have any real comment about that. But every single one of our products is way out performing the general market either debt or equity. And I think it's the classic argument for alternatives. And I think, we will see as good as our absolute performances then our relative performances are then even better. And I think long-term we will start to see what a more robust shift from traditional asset classes into alternatives, and I am talking here in the United States. In Europe, we are still under penetrated the shift is happening really fast. We have some of the biggest investors of all who are now just moving massive assets into the category and some of my institutional starts the studies of it. So, you can see that coming a year too in advance, so we know that those shifts were coming even though the money has been shifted yet. And then, when it comes to with our fall emerging market so that there are probably not exactly the right way to look at it. But that includes Russia, the Middle East and Asia particularly China you have seen there is a lot of money still coming into alternatives from those things have been completely undoubted by this. So, I don't think it changes the fundamental flows towards alternative.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. That's helpful. And then just finally just thinking about the IPO and I get the sense it's going to be tougher to do some of the larger transactions at least right now. How is that all your equity investment deals after management would be trending higher. How you guys viewing that in light of the difficulty in the MAAM markets to provide big deals and also in light of your improved capital positions subsequent to the offering?
Tony James: Well. We buy things cheaper. We exceeded a better multiple relevant to the purchase multiple, and we have less leverage. We will not only have to put up more equity. We will be able to put up more equity and got a higher return on that more equity. And therefore earn more money for our limited partners, and more money for our unit holders. Particularly for the unitholders because you make your money that carry how much underlying investments there is under the carry so to speak, and what the ultimate multiple of money is. And so, I think this environment is good for the unitholders. And for being able to put more money to work, it's a good thing because you do all the same amount of work. You have all the same amount of busted deals. You have all the same amount of operating management, you have to throw at something, and you have all the same amount out of Park expenses. Whenever I see checks you write, and if we can write more checks, it's just sort of more revenues and more opportunity for the same cost to speak, so it's a good thing.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. That's helpful thanks.
Tony James: And I think Joan also has a comment on your first question.
Joan Solotar: Yeah. I just wanted to go back to the marks that you are referring to. It's where marking appropriately, you really shouldn't see separate gains when the quarters reported. So, if you think about this quarter with cash being above ENI, it basically means that the realizations were greater than the marks.
Douglas Sipkin: Right.
Joan Solotar: And that was true also in the quarter last year, and it was true in the first quarter of last year. There was a little bit different in the first quarter of '07, which means that we have the mark. So, I would keep track of those, as we think about the future quarters.
Douglas Sipkin: Great. Now, that's definitely helpful for going forward. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And at this time, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session for today. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. James for closing remarks.
Tony James: Okay. Well, I just want to say, thank you very much. We have a great attendance. I think we have over 500 people on the call, and I hope this has been useful. If you have input as to what we could do better next time, this is our first time out of the box. We would really appreciate it because we want to be as user friendly, and as open, and as transparent, and it's helpful for you, as we can possibly be. So, please get any inputs, I would welcome it to Joan, and we will try to get better as we go along. I know the numbers by the way are confusing because we are still in the transition around the public offering, our partnership to corporation and unfortunately we have got a lot of constraints imposed on us by the SEC is that what we can and can't give and in what form. One of the reasons for example there is some information in the press release is not actually even in the 10-Q. It had to be that way, so be sure you get the press release because it's got separate 10-Q doesn't have. I think as disclose forward our numbers and our format will become much cleaner. We are doing what we can to clean it up, but it's as I say our hands are tied by the SEC at this point. So, thank you everyone very much.
Operator: Thank you for attending today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now all disconnect and have a great day.
